UT 1
AR Zhang B/3, 2023, CHANG DAXUE XUEBAO, V43, P111, DOI
   10.19721/j.cnki.1671-8879.2023.02.011
TI Forecast of highway passenger volume based on improved system dynamics
   model; [基于改进系统动力学模型的公路客运量预测]
AU Zhang B/3; Zhou D-D; Zhou X; Zhang M-Y; Zhong M
TC 2
SO CHANG DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2023
AB in order to determine the development scale and law of highway passenger
   transportation , the improved system dynamics model was used to predict the
   highway passenger transportation volume . the lotka_volterra ( lv ) theory
   of ecology was introduced into the traditional system dynamics ( sd ) model
   . firstly , qualitative analysis was made on the economic , social ,
   transportation environment and other influencing factors related to
   passenger transport demand , a causal loop diagram was constructed to
   analyze the causal feedback relationships between various factors and
   highway passenger capacity , and the fuzzy dynamic relationship in the lv
   theory was introduced to determine the system . then , the interaction
   coefficients between the feedback relationship factors were determined
   through the lv decision equation after the traffic transformation , and the
   differential equations in the system flow diagram were used to
   quantitatively analyze the relationship between the influencing factors and
   the highway passenger transport in the sub_models of each influencing factor
   . the system dynamics model was improved and optimized , and a time_varying
   dynamic lv_sd model was established . the forecast of highway passenger
   traffic in jiangxi province was taken as an example , according to the
   correlation coefficients between the highway passenger traffic and the
   influencing factors in the influencing factor model , the regional gdp , the
   output value of the tertiary industry , the consumption level of residents ,
   the highway mileage , the civil aviation passenger traffic , railway
   passenger volume , population number and urbanization rate were selected as
   quantitative indicators to be substituted into the prediction model , and
   historical data from 2013 to 2018 were analyzed to verify the validity of
   the model . combined with the development of the city , the vensim software
   was used to analyze and predict the highway passenger traffic volume of
   jiangxi province under the three scenarios of high , medium and low economic
   growth from 2019 to 2025 based on the lv_sd model . the results show that
   the prediction accuracy of the lv_sd model is higher than that of the sd
   model , it is improved by nearly 7.2 % . from 2021 to 2025 , highway
   passenger volume in jiangxi province will increase first , then decrease ,
   and finally flatten out .5 tabs , 4 figs , 32 refs . 2023 editorial
   department of journal of chang'an university ( natural science edition ) .
   all rights reserved .
DE demand forecast; highway passenger volume; lotka-volterra theory; system
   dynamics model; traffic engineering

---

UT 2
AR Díaz-Reza JR, 2024, JORDAN J MECH IND ENG, V18, P113, DOI
   10.59038/jjmie/180109
TI Assessing the impact of Lean manufacturing on the Social Sustainability
   through Structural Equation Modeling and System Dynamics
AU Díaz-Reza JR; García-Alcaraz JL; Sánchez-Ramírez C/1; Vargas AR
TC 15
SO JORDAN J MECH IND ENG
PY 2024
AB this study presents a comprehensive approach to evaluate the impact of
   various lean management tools , such as kaizen , total productive
   maintenance ( tpm ) , just_in_time ( jit ) , and philosophies like total
   quality management ( tqm ) on the social sustainability of manufacturing
   companies . using a system dynamics model supported by structural equation
   analysis , we seek to measure these effects and determine the time required
   for companies to reach the desired level of implementation of these tools
   and the point at which they will achieve social sustainability . this
   innovative approach seeks to fill a gap in the research , as so far , no
   studies have been conducted that precisely measure the impact of kaizen ,
   tpm , jit , and philosophies like tqm on social sustainability using
   structural equation modeling and system dynamics . this gap in the
   literature highlights the relevance of this study , which provides detailed
   results on the impact of lean management tools on social sustainability and
   addresses a significant gap in existing research . data were collected from
   411 surveys , primarily from companies in the automotive sector with more
   than 1,000 employees . the analysis used tools such as warppls 8.0 for
   structural equation analysis and stella architect v3.0.1 for system dynamics
   . the results suggest that continuous improvement is fundamental to
   achieving social sustainability , serving as an enabler for tools such as
   tpm and jit , which are integral to lean management , as well as
   philosophies like tqm . the projection indicates that achieving 100 %
   implementation of these lean management tools will take approximately seven
   years while attaining 100 % social sustainability is expected within 10.25
   years . it is important to note that while lean management tools like tpm
   and jit play a crucial role , tqm , as a separate philosophy , also
   contributes significantly to social sustainability . although these
   timelines are ambitious and theoretical , they underscore the critical
   importance of lean management tools for social sustainability . caution is
   advised , acknowledging the potential challenges of achieving such ambitious
   goals , which should be approached with realism . 2024 jordan journal of
   mechanical and industrial engineering . all rights reserved
DE lean managementtools; social sustainability; structural equation model;
   system dynamics
ID automotive industry; just-in-time production; lean production; philosophical
   aspects; quality control; sustainable development; system theory; equation
   systems; just-in-time; lean management; lean managementtool; management
   tool; model dynamics; social sustainability; structural equation models;
   system dynamics; total productive maintenance; total quality management

---

UT 3
AR Zhou C/1, 2024, DIANLI XITONG BAOHU YU KONGZHI, V52, P70, DOI
   10.19783/j.cnki.pspc.231423
TI Market equilibrium strategy of carbon-labeled products based on system
   dynamics; [基于系统动力学的碳标签产品市场均衡策略]
AU Zhou C/1; Liu W; Zhang Y/6; Chen X/1; Hu X/1; Hu A
TC 3
SO DIANLI XITONG BAOHU YU KONGZHI
PY 2024
AB as the new power system gradually transforms into a low_carbon ,
   high_efficient , and intelligent system , generation and consumption markets
   are being integrated into a unified energy market . to solve the problems of
   low market penetration and low trading market activity of carbon labeled
   products , a market equilibrium strategy for carbon labeled products based
   on system dynamics is proposed . first , a stackelberg game model based on
   system dynamics is adopted , combined with an environmental utility subsidy
   mechanism , with the goal of maximizing the interests of both buyers and
   sellers . secondly , through simulation analysis and the support of vensim
   software , a stock flow chart of a carbon labeled product consumption market
   is designed to examine the impact of factors such as environmental utility ,
   demand , government subsidies , and product prices on the game results .
   then , by understanding the impact of these factors , effective strategies
   are formulated to promote the popularization and market activity of carbon
   labeled products , providing important support and a decision_making basis
   for the development of this market . finally , the simulation results using
   a system dynamics model show that through case analysis the model can
   clearly identify consumer purchasing preferences for products and reveal the
   key influencing factors for sellers to independently update carbon reduction
   technologies , providing a comprehensive analysis for studying the dynamic
   changes in the carbon labeled product market . 2024 power system protection
   and control press . all rights reserved .
DE carbon label; excitation mechanism; stackelberg game; stock flow chart;
   system dynamics
ID atoms; commerce; computer software; decision making; decision theory; factor
   analysis; flowcharting; graphic methods; intelligent systems; purchasing;
   sales; system theory; carbon labels; equilibria strategies; excitation
   mechanisms; flow charts; market activities; market equilibrium; stackelberg
   games; stock flow chart; stock flows; system dynamics; carbon

---

UT 4
AR Kolomytseva A, 2022, AIP CONF PROC, V2425, DOI 10.1063/5.0081528
TI Model for Forecasting the Indicators of the Interorganizational Interaction
   Forms Efficiency in a Virtual Environment
AU Kolomytseva A; Iskra H; Medvedeva M; Denysenko Y
TC 0
SO AIP CONF PROC
PY 2022
AB the article presents the results of applying the applied tools of system
   dynamics to build a forecast model for indicators of the effectiveness of
   inter_organizational forms of interaction in a virtual environment . the
   model experimentally developed in the powersim studio 10 simulation
   environment makes it possible to determine the effectiveness of the balanced
   management system of the interaction processes between the personnel of a
   distributed it project based on the developed activities . 2022 american
   institute of physics inc . . all rights reserved .

---

UT 5
AR Galarneau KD, 2020, POULT SCI, V99, P5547, DOI 10.1016/j.psj.2020.08.011
TI A system dynamics model for disease management in poultry production
AU Galarneau KD; Singer RS; Wills RW
TC 11
SO POULT SCI
PY 2020
AB the objective of this article was to provide the nonmodeler reader of
   poultry science , an overview of the system dynamics modeling method ( sdm )
   through development of a broiler house disease management simulator ( bhdms
   ) . system dynamics modeling uses feedback theory and computer_aided
   simulation to help elucidate relationships between factors in complex
   systems , which may be circular or interrupted with long delays . materials
   used to build the simulator include data from literature and industry
   indices . the methods used were the steps in sdm , namely : 1 ) identify the
   problem and boundaries . 2 ) develop a dynamic hypothesis explaining because
   of the problem . 3 ) build the causal loop diagram ( cld ) . 4 ) develop the
   stock and flow model . 5 ) conduct model simulations . and 6 ) model
   validation . results presented here are the cld and stock and flow model of
   the simulator , results of scenario simulations , and model validity tests .
   the simulator consists of the main model , the disease submodel , and the
   antimicrobial use submodel . the main model represents a cycle of production
   in the broiler house of a specified length of time , which repeats after a
   specified down time . the disease submodel shows population dynamics in the
   broiler house in terms of changes over time in number of susceptible ,
   infected , recovered , and dead birds . production parameters that could be
   modified in the model include delivery size , grow_out period , down time ,
   and efficacy of antimicrobials . disease mortality levels , above the set
   threshold , trigger antimicrobial use in the model . the model showed the
   effect of antimicrobial use intervention on the population dynamics , namely
   , on the proportion of the susceptible , infected , recovered , and dead
   birds in the population . thus , the bhdms was able to simulate the effect
   of the intervention on population dynamics and would facilitate evaluating
   management interventions such as antimicrobial use . 2020
DE broiler house disease management simulator; poultry production system;
   system dynamics modeling; vensim
ID animal husbandry; animals; anti-infective agents; chickens; disease
   management; models biological; poultry; poultry diseases; anti-infective
   agent; animal; animal husbandry; biological model; bird disease; chicken;
   disease management; poultry; procedures

---

UT 6
AR Gao J/2, 2023, J INNOV KNOWL, V8, DOI 10.1016/j.jik.2023.100394
TI Unlocking paths for transforming green technological innovation in
   manufacturing industries
AU Gao J/2; Feng Q; Guan T; Zhang W/1
TC 46
SO J INNOV KNOWL
PY 2023
AB the double externalities of green technological innovation and disadvantages
   of the traditional extensive development of manufacturing industries hinder
   the transformation of green technological innovation in manufacturing
   industries . traditional research based on behavioral logic rarely focused
   on the subjective will of innovation subjects or the impact of environmental
   regulation . to unlock the development dilemma of manufacturing industries
   from the coupling perspective of dual logic of behavior and concept , the
   concept of function is introduced into this analysis along with the
   influence of behavioral logic . this helped to construct the model of system
   dynamics wherein green technology innovation in manufacturing is analyzed
   under the influence of environmental regulation . the subsystems of
   willingness , behavior , and benefits of green technological innovation were
   divided by a systematic analysis of the double impact factors inside and
   outside manufacturing . based on the index data from 2011 to 2019 , vensim
   software was used for simulation . unlocking paths for transforming green
   technological innovation in the manufacturing industry were designed . the
   conclusions show that environmental regulation positively improves the
   economic , social , and environmental performance of manufacturing
   industries . additionally , manufacturing can unlock the dilemma by reducing
   the intensity of command_and_control , improving the intensity of
   market_based incentives , and actively stimulating public participation in
   environmental regulation . 2023 the authors
DE environmental regulation; green technological innovation; manufacturing
   industries; simulation of system dynamics

---

UT 7
AR Chumaidiyah E, 2025, SAGE OPEN, V15, DOI 10.1177/21582440251336516
TI Digital Marketing Intervention on Dynamic Finance and Feasibility Using
   Simulation: A Case Study
AU Chumaidiyah E; Madao M; Fauzi PM
TC 0
SO SAGE OPEN
PY 2025
AB this paper aims to design a model that assesses the impact of digital
   marketing interventions on the finance and feasibility of micro , small ,
   and medium enterprises ( smes ) . the model developed in this study
   evaluates the most effective digital marketing alternatives to boost sales
   in line with the production capacity of the smes . the research methodology
   employs a system dynamic modeling approach to accurately represent the real
   system of sme x . the designed model comprises three subsystems : marketing
   , production , and finance , which are essential for assessing the
   feasibility of smes . each subsystem includes interconnected variable
   elements linked through equations . simulation processes are conducted using
   the system dynamics approach with 77 variables , three scenarios , and 16
   alternatives , utilizing the vensim application . the results suggest that
   digital marketing interventions effectively increase profits for small and
   micro_scale smes under conditions of high sales volume . however , when
   sales volumes are relatively low , conventional marketing proves more
   effective in enhancing profits . effective digital marketing interventions
   significantly impact both profits and financial stability . the model ' s
   originality lies in its ability to predict future conditions resulting from
   digital marketing interventions on profits and dynamic finance . the
   research ' s novelty lies in generating new knowledge about effective
   digital marketing strategies . the author ( s ) 2025 .
DE digital marketing; feasibility; finance; intervention; system dynamics

---

UT 8
AR Tranoulidis A, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16167196
TI Quantifying the Impact of Coal Transition on GDP Growth through System
   Dynamics: The Case of the Region of Western Macedonia, Greece
AU Tranoulidis A; Sotiropoulou R-EP; Bithas K; Tagaris E
TC 1
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB the transition from coal to more sustainable energy sources represents a
   critical shift for economies reliant on coal production . to investigate the
   intricate processes involved in such a transition , the use of powerful
   analytical tools is essential . this study assesses the impact of the
   delignification process on gdp growth over a 20_year horizon ( 20152035 ) in
   the region of western macedonia , greece , using the vensim ple plus 9.0.1
   software , a robust tool for system dynamics modeling . by developing a
   dynamic model that captures the key variables and feedback loops associated
   with coal transition , this research examines economic , social , and
   investment variables , emphasizing their causal relationships . the study
   integrates societal , economic , and educational impacts on production
   transition , addressing issues such as unemployment , financial support ,
   and investments in human resources and r and d . additionally , it considers
   the influence of climate change on gdp . the model highlights population
   dynamics , economic development , and education as critical factors .
   scenarios explore the impact of increased funding on education , research ,
   and financial aid efficiency , providing insights into enhancing gdp in
   decarbonizing regions . the study reveals that increased investment in
   education and human capital leads to slight improvements in local gdp ,
   though the effects are not immediate . enhanced efficiency in government and
   european spending significantly boosts local gdp by creating strong value
   chains and local economies of scale . it is found that the increase in
   financial support to the regions in transition is of the utmost importance
   and has a multiplicative nature , something that should encourage the
   european union to increase its financial support tools . the model ' s
   simulations align closely with historical gdp data , validating its accuracy
   . the contributions of the present work offer valuable insights to
   policymakers and stakeholders engaged in the transition processes . 2024 by
   the authors .
DE coal transition; development system; gdp; system dynamic
ID greece; western macedonia; alternative energy; climate change; coal;
   economic growth; european union; gross domestic product; human capital;
   spatiotemporal analysis

---

UT 9
AR Marznaki YS, 2024, TECHNOL ANAL STRATEG MANAG, V36, P501, DOI
   10.1080/09537325.2022.2037544
TI A system dynamics approach for investigating technology transfer capacities
   in Iranian polymer pipe and fittings industry
AU Marznaki YS; Khamseh A; Shakib MH
TC 1
SO TECHNOL ANAL STRATEG MANAG
PY 2024
AB the prosperity of the technology transfer process in downstream
   petrochemical industries is one of the objectives pursued by the
   policy_makers and planners of these industries . the present study delved
   into the dynamism of the variables impacting technology transfer capacities
   by following a system dynamics approach , examining similar studies , and
   interviewing experts in the downstream petrochemical industries in the
   polymer pipe and fittings domain . then , causal loop diagrams were
   delineated and the causal relationships among variables were examined , and
   the vensim software were used for analyzing the causal loops . loop analysis
   implies that the experiences rooted in the recurrence of the technology
   transfer process under the auspices of international relationships are the
   main schema of technology transfer and highly influences the principal
   systems of the technology transfer process . these systems include : ( 1 )
   abilities to observe , identify , and prioritize technologies , ( 2 )
   abilities to select , negotiate , conclude contracts , and acquire
   technologies , ( 3 ) abilities to adapt , attract , analyze , and exploit
   technologies , ( 4 ) abilities to develop , innovate , and promote
   technologies , and ( 5 ) abilities to diffuse , preserve , and commercialize
   technologies . likewise , the sanctions have severely limited international
   relationships , declined foreign associate firms ' monitoring and
   identification rate , and hampered access to the free stream of technology .
   2022 informa uk limited , trading as taylor and francis group .
DE causal loops; dynamisms of technology transfer capacities; polymer pipe and
   fittings industry; technology
ID computer simulation; industrial development; innovation; petrochemical
   industry; pipe; polymer; software; technological development

---

UT 10
AR Huiping Z, 2023, KYBERNETES, V52, P4322, DOI 10.1108/K-11-2021-1188
TI Research on the mechanism of knowledge coupling affecting firms' innovation
   results driven by digitization——based on system dynamics methodology
AU Huiping Z; Yuxin Y
TC 7
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2023
AB purpose : the purpose of this paper is to build a system dynamics model to
   reveal the structure and dynamics of knowledge coupling affecting firms '
   innovation results in the digital context . design / methodology / approach
   : drawing on the recombined view of innovation , this paper divides
   knowledge coupling into two dimensions : component knowledge coupling and
   architectural knowledge coupling . then , the authors build a system
   dynamics model to identify the interaction of knowledge coupling factors and
   use the professional vensim ple to conduct simulation analysis to capture
   the dynamic interaction of motivation factors in knowledge coupling system .
   findings : the results show that both technology resources and digital
   dynamic capability play positive effects in the mechanism of knowledge
   coupling influencing firms ' innovation results , while organizational
   inertia negatively affects the process of knowledge coupling to achieve
   innovation outcomes . originality / value : this study develops a holistic
   system dynamics model to reveal and elaborate on the complex dynamic
   mechanism of knowledge coupling impacting firms ' innovation results in the
   context of digitization and provides a theoretical reference for companies
   to effectively adopt digital technology to carry out knowledge coupling
   strategy . 2022 , emerald publishing limited .
DE digitization; innovation results; knowledge coupling; system dynamics
ID couplings; dynamics; architectural knowledge; coupling factor;
   design/methodology/approach; digitization; firm innovation; innovation
   result; knowledge coupling; structure and dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; two-dimensions; system theory

---

UT 11
AR Min S, 2025, IND ENG MANAG SYST, V24, P29, DOI 10.7232/iems.2025.24.1.029
TI A Study on Determining Decoupling Points in Military Supply Chains for
   Uncertainty Mitigation
AU Min S; Kim T; Moon S
TC 0
SO IND ENG MANAG SYST
PY 2025
AB a decoupling point is a boundary where inventory_holding activities ( push )
   and demand_responding activities ( pull ) meet in the supply chain . this
   study employs simulation_based decision_making to determine the most
   suitable decoupling points to preserve maximum combat capabilities while
   mitigating future demand shocks within the military supply chain . the
   ground ammunition supply chain model of the republic of korea air force (
   rokaf ) with three levels ( echelons ) is constructed . then , a simulated
   case study is performed using the system dynamics_based vensim simulation
   software to determine relevant decoupling points . in this case study , a
   situation is set up where the demand for ammunition spikes during a war .
   through the total cost approach , it is concluded that the optimal strategy
   involves distributing an ideal amount of inventory to both the customer
   access points and the intermediate echelon . this study has significant
   implications for supply chain decision_makers as it establishes the supply
   chain structure for anticipating uncertainties such as war solely by
   adjusting the location of the decoupling point through future_oriented
   decision_making rather than relying on historical demand data . 2025 kiie .
DE decoupling point; inventory location; military supply chain management;
   uncertainty mitigation

---

UT 12
AR [Anonymous], 2021, E3S WEB CONF, V331, DOI 10.1051/e3sconf/202133107004
TI Model system dynamics potential impact of disasters due to the re-period of
   the October 25th, 2010 earthquake in the Mentawai Islands
TC 0
SO E3S WEB CONF
PY 2021
AB geographically , the mentawai islands regency has a territorial boundary
   with the sea . the north side is the siberut strait , the south side is
   bordered by the indian ocean , the east side is bordered by the mentawai
   strait , and the west side is bordered by the indian ocean . the mentawai
   islands regency area has a high level of seismicity which makes it prone to
   earthquakes and tsunamis because it has an earthquake return period .
   population and economic growth in the mentawai islands regency continue to
   increase , resulting in a higher level of threat due to earthquakes and
   tsunamis to people and buildings . by using earthquake return period
   modeling based on secondary data and population and building growth modeling
   using system dynamics , pentahelix can implement disaster risk mitigation in
   the mentawai islands regency to reduce the risk of casualties and material
   losses . based on the prediction that the mentawai earthquake return period
   on october 25 , 2010 , will occur for 24 years to 57 years or around 2034 to
   2067 , and the results of system dynamics modeling with powersim studio 10
   software , the number of vulnerable people affected is 24,764 people up to
   42,944 people and potential losses . housing sector between 144.73 billion
   to 250.98 billion . the authors , published by edp sciences . this is an
   open access article distributed under the terms of the creative commons
   attribution license 4.0 ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ )

---

UT 13
AR Xing Q, 2025, PHARMACOL, V16, DOI 10.3389/fphar.2025.1474856
TI Drivers of innovation value: simulation for new drug pricing evaluation
   based on system dynamics modelling
AU Xing Q; Cheng W; Wang W/2; Jin C; Wang H/10
TC 2
SO PHARMACOL
PY 2025
AB objectives : paying for the innovative value of drugs is an important means
   of mitigating healthcare system duplication and enhancing patient health .
   assessing and exploiting the factors influencing innovation premium to
   forecast trends and shortcomings within the pharmaceutical innovation
   ecosystem . methods : utilizing system dynamics , this research constructs a
   decision evaluation system for new drug pricing in japan . it integrates
   various decision_making factors across dimensions such as value premium ,
   marketability premium , pediatric premium , and sakigake premium , employing
   vensim ple software for simulation purposes . results : under the current
   policy framework , pharmaceutical innovation is on the rise , with
   significant policy effects observable after 5 years . the most substantial
   growth in value occurs in medications for rare diseases and niche markets ,
   with effects varying in the short to medium term and stabilizing over the
   long term . sensitivity analysis highlights that factors like combination
   therapies , faster mechanisms of action , and novel therapeutic parts
   notably influence the value dimension . other significant factors include
   obtaining national certifications , addressing indications lacking standard
   treatments , and demonstrating superior efficacy . the study also identifies
   underexploited opportunities related to the use of evidence in pricing
   decisions . conclusion : clinical outcomes are pivotal in shaping drug
   pricing , influencing both patient and healthcare provider preferences , and
   thereby affecting market uptake and competitive dynamics . regulatory
   frameworks that prioritize unmet medical needs or superior drug efficacy are
   essential . future enhancements to the model should incorporate more
   real_world evidence and expand regulatory considerations to better reflect
   the dynamic nature of the healthcare sector and support equitable ,
   outcome_based drug pricing . copyright 2025 xing , cheng , wang , jin and
   wang .
DE drug prices; innovation premium; pricing evaluation; system dynamics; value-
   based pricing
ID article; computer simulation; cost effectiveness analysis; decision making;
   drug cost; dynamics; health care cost; health care delivery; health care
   organization; health care personnel; health care system; health insurance;
   human; model; particle size; reimbursement; simulation; system dynamics
   modeling

---

UT 14
AR Atiaja J, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16156640
TI Dynamic Simulation of Energy Scenarios in the Transition to Sustainable
   Mobility in the Ecuadorian Transport Sector
AU Atiaja J; Arroyo F; Hidalgo V; Erazo J; Remache A; Bravo D
TC 7
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB in ecuador , the growth of the transportation sector has significantly
   increased greenhouse gas emissions . according to experts , this sector
   currently contributes to 49.8 % of total greenhouse gas emissions in this
   country . this poses significant challenges for environmental sustainability
   , emphasizing the urgent need for effective strategies to mitigate these
   emissions and promote environmentally friendly practices . therefore , this
   study focuses on developing a dynamic simulation of energy scenarios for the
   year 2035 in the transportation sector , with the goal of transitioning to
   sustainable mobility , as fossil fuels are the main pollutants in the
   country . this study proposes system dynamics models using vensim 6.0b
   software to estimate the total energy demand and pollutant emissions in the
   transportation sector . the results suggest that if ecuador aligns with
   global mobility trends and implements public policies promoting the use of
   electric vehicles , total co2 emissions could potentially decrease from
   50,161,432 kilobarrels of oil equivalent ( kboe ) to 20,589,720 kboe by the
   year 2035 . 2024 by the authors .
DE dynamic simulation; energy demand; pollutant emissions; sustainable
   mobility; transport sector
ID ecuador; demand-side management; electric vehicle; fossil fuel; greenhouse
   gas; pollution control; transportation

---

UT 15
AR Sangchini EK, 2021, J WATERSHED MANAG RES, V12, P119, DOI
   10.52547/jwmr.12.23.119
TI Developing a Model for the Integrated Management of Water and Soil Resources
   in the Hableh-Rud River Basin Using the System Dynamics Approach
AU Sangchini EK; Ownegh M; Sadoddin A; Zarghami M; Vayskarami I
TC 2
SO J WATERSHED MANAG RES
PY 2021
AB in this research , system dynamics ( sd ) modeling was developed for
   facilitates the integrated and sustainable management of water and soil
   resources and improving the understanding of watershed systems in the
   hableh_rud river basin . reference diagrams were created to represent causal
   relationships and feedbacks . the conceptual model , included physical ,
   economic , and social sub_systems , was created based by causal
   relationships and feedbacks . the model of stocks and flows run in the
   vensim software environment . the model is comprised of model verification
   was carried out through extreme condition tests and behavior reproduction
   test . having the nash_sutcliff and r2 coefficients with greater values than
   0.62 and 0.63 , respectively , the sd model satisfactorily simulates all
   variables . different scenarios of vegetation management , climate , water
   resources management , and cropping patterns were compared to the outputs of
   the existing condition . the results of scenario analyzes for a 30_year
   period show that the agricultural water use efficiency scenario , as the
   best scenario , increases groundwater and water infiltration volume by 14.3
   and 11.1 percent , respectively . with regard to the erosion and
   sedimentation variables , rangeland restoration activities were chosen as
   the best scenario , with 7.12 and 5.24 percent reduction . the greatest
   reduction in nitrogen and phosphorous loss , 8 % and 6.4 % reduction could
   be achieved by implementing the rangeland restoration scenario . from an
   economic perspective , payment for 50 % of the ecosystem services , with
   about 46 percent improvement compared to the current condition , was
   determined as the best scenario . stakeholders expressed their highest
   willingness to participate in the farm management activities with the
   accumulated score of 85.6 for public acceptance index . the sd model is a
   beneficial approach for stakeholders understanding of the causal
   relationships and feedbacks in the system . 2021 , sari agricultural
   sciences and natural resources university . all rights reserved .
DE cause-effect diagram; conceptual model; feedback loops; suggested scenarios;
   vensim

---

UT 16
AR Dong Y, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P870, DOI 10.1145/3656766.3656910
TI Analysis on Risk Evolution Mechanism and Emergency Management Ability of
   Public Health Emergencies in Colleges and Universities under The Background
   of Risk Society
AU Dong Y
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB covid_19 has caused great losses to people ' s life safety and property ,
   and has seriously affected the teaching order of colleges and universities .
   in order to better prevent public health emergencies in risk society , based
   on the method of system dynamics , this paper constructs the diffusion
   evolution model of public health emergencies in colleges and universities
   against the background of the covid_19 outbreak at the end of 2019 . vensim
   software simulation shows that the infection rate plays a decisive role in
   the evolution of covid_19 , and reducing the infection rate can effectively
   prevent the large_scale spread of the epidemic . in order to further enhance
   the emergency management capacity of universities for public health
   emergencies , m university was selected as the research object . the weight
   of the indicators for the emergency management capacity of universities was
   determined through analytic hierarchy process , and the fuzzy comprehensive
   evaluation method was used to assess the risk of the emergency management
   capacity of universities for public health emergencies . measures were
   proposed to improve the emergency management capacity of universities for
   public health emergencies . 2023 acm .
DE colleges and universities; emergency management; public health emergencies;
   risk evolution; risk society
ID civil defense; computer software; covid-19; disasters; health risks; public
   health; risk analysis; risk management; colleges and universities; emergency
   management; emergency management capacity; evolution mechanism; health
   emergencies; infection rates; management ability; public health emergency;
   risk evolution; risk societies; risk assessment

---

UT 17
AR Kurniawan M, 2025, JORDAN J MECH IND ENG, V19, P775, DOI
   10.59038/jjmie/190407
TI Halal Supply Chain Traceability and Food Safety Model Based on Blockchain
   Technology and the Internet of Things Using a System Dynamics Approach
AU Kurniawan M; Suparno S; Vanany I
TC 0
SO JORDAN J MECH IND ENG
PY 2025
AB this study aims to develop a system dynamics model for halal supply chain
   traceability and food safety based on blockchain and internet of things (
   iot ) technology . this approach addresses the lack of transparency ,
   efficiency , and trust in the food supply chain . the model is constructed
   using primary and secondary data ( primarily from indonesia to facilitate
   the simulation process ) , simulated using vensim ple , and validated
   through behavioral , structural , extreme , and parameter tests . this study
   developed three scenarios : increased growth efficiency , increased
   investment , and increased farmer storage capacity . during the simulation
   period , blockchain and iot implementation increased food availability for
   consumption by 5 % and reduced fresh food inventory losses by 3 % . the
   scenario of increasing farmer storage capacity showed a 10 % increase in
   food availability and reduced fresh food inventory losses by 4 % compared to
   the initial model . thus , the proposed approach helps maximize food
   availability and reduce fresh food inventory losses more optimally . 2025
   jordan journal of mechanical and industrial engineering . all rights
   reserved
DE blockchain; food safety; halal supply chain; internet of things; system
   dynamics; traceability
ID agriculture; digital storage; dynamics; efficiency; food safety; food
   storage; food supply; investments; safety engineering; supply chains; system
   theory; blockchain; food availability; food safety; fresh food; halal supply
   chain; model-based opc; safety modeling; storage capacity; system dynamics;
   traceability; internet of things

---

UT 18
AR Ganji F, 2021, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V28, P31327, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-12773-5
TI System dynamics approaches to assess the impacts of climate change on
   surface water quality and quantity: case study of Karoun River, Iran
AU Ganji F; Nasseri M
TC 20
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2021
AB the aim of this research is to gain a better understanding of the effects of
   climate change with a comprehensive and dynamic perspective . therefore , by
   using the system dynamics ( sd ) approach to simulate the effects of climate
   change on the quality and quantity of the karoun river and regarding the
   water supply and demand systems in the region and their feedback relations ,
   a model was developed in vensim . cgcm3 outputs under a2 , b1 , and a1b
   emission scenarios have been used to investigate the effects of climate
   change on both the quality / quantity of the water resources system . also ,
   to determine the effects of climate change on agricultural demand , the
   water requirement of selected crops for the next period ( 20152050 ) has
   been calculated via cropwat model . the results show that the maximum and
   minimum temperature and evaporation will increase . the results of the
   developed sd model show that if the current development process continues
   under all three climate change scenarios , the system will be able to meet
   the domestic , industrial , and environmental demand . however , the supply
   of agricultural demand will be deficient . also , the average ec value in
   ahvaz station under three emission scenarios has increased more than 21 % ,
   compared to the 15_year average . the average ph value did not change much .
   then , several proposed management scenarios were evaluated to improve
   system performance . the results show that the scenario of optimal operation
   of upstream dams has the best performance . however , due to the unrealistic
   growing trend , despite applying this scenario , the development of the
   agricultural sector will fail down after a few years . therefore , to reach
   a long_term solution to the problem of water shortage , the growth trend of
   this sector for the next period should be reviewed in light of the effects
   of climate change . 2021 , the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to
   springer_verlag gmbh , de part of springer nature .
DE climate change; karoun river; system dynamics; water quality and quantity
ID climate change; iran; rivers; water quality; water supply; climate change;
   seasonal variation; surface water; water quality; water resource; water
   supply; climate change; iran; river; water quality; water supply

---

UT 19
AR Musyarofah SA, 2025, BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG, V22, DOI
   10.14488/BJOPM.2391.2025
TI Qualitative system dynamics model for composing industrial estate readiness
   factors
AU Musyarofah SA; Tontowi AE; Masruroh NA; Wibowo BS
TC 0
SO BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG
PY 2025
AB goal : this paper analyzes the factors composing industrial estate ( ie )
   readiness through qualitative system dynamics ( sd ) to provide an overview
   of the phenomena occurring in ie in indonesia . design / methodology /
   approach : sd modeling analyzes all the factors that compose the ie ' s
   readiness . the stages were problem articu ation , boundary selection , and
   formulation of the dynamic hypothesis by designing model boundary diagrams (
   mbd ) and causal loop diagrams ( cld ) using vensim software . results : the
   cld results capture the factors composing indonesia ' s ie readiness model .
   those factors include supply chain readiness , market readiness , human
   resources readiness , regulatory readiness , institutional readiness , and
   selection of the right industrial estate location . in addition , several
   policy recommendations are proposed to help overcome the problems faced by
   the development of ie in indonesia . limitations of the investigation : the
   sd model used is still qualitatve ( up to the cld stage ) , the factors that
   compose ie readiness have yet to be quantified , and there is no model
   validation . further study is needed to quantify the model by obtaining
   empirical data and developing practical measurement indicators . practical
   implications : the model is expected to be beneficial for ie decision_makers
   and policymakers , including the government and other stakeholders , to
   develop the ie by measuring the readiness of les from all aspects so that
   the ie can attract more industrial tenants and optimize the ie occupancy
   rate will be optimal . originality / value : describe tne because_and_effect
   relationship model based on the diagram for ie readiness as a recommendation
   for designing a readiness measurement tool for if development in indonesia .
   in addition , it can complement existing readiness documents as evaluation
   mater al for developing les in indonesia at this time . 2025 , associacao
   brasileira de engenharia de producao . all rights reserved .
DE indonesia; industrial estate; qualitative; readiness; system dynamics

---

UT 20
AR Zou C, 2024, LIBR SERV, V68, P3, DOI 10.13266/j.issn.0252-3116.2024.03.001
TI System Dynamics Analysis of Public Data Security Resilience Governance
   System; [公共数据安全韧性治理体系的系统动力学分析]
AU Zou C; Ma H/1; Wang J/3
TC 5
SO LIBR SERV
PY 2024
AB [ purpose / significance ] public data involves a large amount of content
   related to national security , trade secrets , and personal privacy . to
   prevent and resolve public data security risks on the basis of correct
   understanding and evaluation tests the wisdom of national and government
   public data security management , and has become the key to improving the
   modernization of national governance system and ensuring the national
   security . [ method / process ] according to the theory of security
   resilience , this paper proposed a public data security resilience
   governance system including four modules , that is , early warning system ,
   response system , recovery system and growth system . with the system
   dynamics method , it conducted simulation experiments through vensim ple to
   explore the dynamic relationship between key factors and combined factors .
   [ result / conclusion ] the simulation results indicate that the
   collaboration system and technology iteration variables of public data
   security in the post_growth system have a significant impact on its
   guarantee system . the collaborative development of early warning systems ,
   response systems , and recovery systems has a significant impact on the
   sustainable development of the public data security guarantee system
   construction . based on this , this study proposes feasible suggestions for
   building a resilient governance system for public data security . 2024 lis
   press co . , ltd . all rights reserved .
DE public data; resilience governance; safety resilience; system dynamics

---

UT 21
AR [Anonymous], 2023, AFR J FOOD AGRIC NUTR DEV, V23, P24317, DOI
   10.18697/ajfand.123.23370
TI POLICY STRATEGIES IN PLANNING ADAPTATION OF THE SUSTAINABLE PALM OIL
   INDUSTRY IN MERAUKE REGENCY PAPUA PROVINCE OF INDONESIA
TC 0
SO AFR J FOOD AGRIC NUTR DEV
PY 2023
AB in the papua region , the expansion of the palm oil industry increased by up
   to 71 % from 2011 to 2019 , with the largest affected area located in
   merauke regency . the objective of this research is to develop policy
   strategies with impact simulations related to economic , socio_cultural ,
   and environmental issues for the sustainability of the palm oil industry
   with or without a moratorium on further expansion of land area . this study
   employs a system dynamics approach . the dynamic system is carried out
   through conceptual development , model specification , model verification ,
   scenario development , and validity testing by measuring the absolute
   percentage error ( mape ) . model development and validation were carried
   out using powersim v .7 software . the policy scenario is simulated from the
   palm oil expansion policy beguan in 2018 , until the research year ends in
   2030 . the validated results , forming the basis for simulations , exhibit
   high accuracy with a mape of less than 5 % . the percentage deviations of
   4.21 % for production and 0.28 % for land area is observed based on actual
   data from 2018 to 2022 . the simulation of a 20 % expansion scenario shows a
   significant increase in production to 1 million metric tons per year but
   also a 1.3 % rise in waste generation , with an average waste volume of
   350,000 tons per year . the expanded area will experience a 50 % increase in
   the labor force to meet the higher production demand . the proposed
   comprehensive strategy includes regional contract regulations , diligent
   monitoring of land clearing , community empowerment , and indigenous peoples
   ' involvement . it also promotes smallholder plantations , the utilization
   of waste for energy , and alternative markets for crude palm oil ( cpo ) .
   conversely , the dynamic model scenario with a moratorium on land expansion
   resulted in a production output of 600,000 metric tons , slower job market
   growth , and a 1.3 % increase in waste generation , with an average waste
   volume of 195,000 tons per year . the strategy proposed uses proper waste
   processing , production adjustments , regulation of community rights and
   boundaries , resource development , and involvement of local palm farmers .
   these simulations offer valuable insights for sustainable decision_making ,
   emphasizing the need to balance economic growth , environmental protection ,
   and community well_being in the development of the palm oil industry . (
   2023 ) , ( african scholarly science communications trust ( asscat ) ) . all
   rights reserved .
DE dynamical system; moratorium; palm oil; scenario strategy; sustainability

---

UT 22
AR Shao B, 2021, WOOL TEXT J, V49, P94, DOI 10.19333/j.mfkj.20201204107
TI Research on bullwhip effect of clothing supply chain based on system
   dynamics; [基于系统动力学的服装供应链"牛鞭效应"仿真研究]
AU Shao B; Ye C
TC 0
SO WOOL TEXT J
PY 2021
AB aiming at the problems of information asymmetry , low inventory turnover
   rate , imbalance between production and sales and poor coordination brought
   by the bullwhip effect of supply chain to garment enterprises , the
   formation mechanism of bullwhip effect in clothing supply chain was studied
   , a three_level clothing supply chain model was built based on system
   dynamics , and vensim was used to simulate and analyze zara supply chain as
   an example . the results demonstrate that the change of demand , delay
   period and expected inventory coverage time of enterprises can aggravate the
   bullwhip effect in clothing supply chain and reduce the inventory turnover
   rate of enterprises . according to the characteristics of clothing supply
   chain , the study put forward the targeted inventory control strategy was
   put forward to weaken the influence of bullwhip effect in the supply chain ,
   the backlog of enterprise inventory was alleviated and the response speed
   and inventory turnover rate of clothing supply chain was improved . 2021
   quanguo maofang keji xinxi zhongxin . all rights reserved .
DE bullwhip effect; clothing supply chain; simulation; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 23
AR Ríos-Ocampo J, 2022, SYST DYN REV, V38, P354, DOI 10.1002/sdr.1718
TI Using analytical equations to represent nonlinear relationships
AU Ríos-Ocampo J; Gary MS
TC 3
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 2022
AB table functions , also referred to as graphical functions , provide a
   powerful and user_friendly way to represent nonlinear relationships between
   variables in system dynamics ( sd ) models . however , in many cases
   modelers may benefit from using analytical equations to represent nonlinear
   relationships for model sensitivity testing and also for communicating with
   researchers in other fields and disciplines . we propose six analytical
   equations that can be used to represent many of the nonlinear relationships
   commonly formulated using table functions in sd models . specifically , this
   article provides guidance on using the generalized logistic function , the
   exponential function , the modified exponential function , the quadratic
   function , the logarithmic function and the power function to replace
   existing table functions . importantly , we also present a version of each
   equation that includes an interior reference point . we demonstrate how to
   apply these analytical equations in sd models by replacing the table
   functions in the original world dynamics model . we also provide a python
   script to help implement our recommended procedure for incorporating the six
   analytical equations into models and a vensim macro for each analytical
   equation . 2022 the authors . system dynamics review published by john wiley
   and sons ltd on behalf of system dynamics society . 2022 the authors .
   system dynamics review published by john wiley and sons ltd on behalf of
   system dynamics society .
ID equation; numerical model; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 24
AR Selivanova A, 2025, RELIAB ENG SYST SAF, V260, DOI
   10.1016/j.ress.2025.111031
TI Creation of a System Dynamics model of recovery of affected areas after
   radioactive contamination
AU Selivanova A; Krejčí I; Sedlářová-Nehézová T; Hůlka J; Češpírová I; Kuča P
TC 3
SO RELIAB ENG SYST SAF
PY 2025
AB the presented work focuses on current state_of_the_art in mathematical
   modeling , specifically addressing atmospheric dispersion , radiation
   transport , and related issues . central to this research is the development
   of a mathematical model designed to support recovery processes following
   extensive contamination by radionuclides . the model of recovery employs the
   system dynamics methodology , recognized for its suitability in addressing
   complex problems characterized by non_linear behaviors , e . g . ,
   radioactive decay . the model is developed utilizing vensim software .
   consequently , the recovery model integrates dosimetry estimates with
   economic analyzes . it forecasts contamination impacts on a variety of
   objects including buildings , agricultural lands , forests , and
   transportation infrastructure . to compile the necessary input data for the
   model , simulations were conducted using specialized codes , i . e . ,
   jrodos and mcnp . furthermore , empirical data concerning the czech
   demographic profile , basic characteristics of buildings , and land_use data
   were employed . subsequent to these preparatory steps , the model underwent
   a comprehensive cost_benefit analysis of relevant countermeasures , adapted
   to the actual conditions in czechia . considering very low atmospheric
   releases , no substantial decontamination actions would be required . for
   severe accidents , the results of simulated decontamination corresponded to
   real_case data obtained from the fukushima clean_up . the obtained results
   can be used for decision_making by stakeholders and policymakers . 2025
   elsevier ltd
DE accident; contamination; decision making; decontamination; radiation;
   recovery; simulation; system dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; atmospheric radioactivity; input output programs;
   population statistics; radiation damage; radiation decontamination;
   radioactive waste transportation; radioactive wastes; affected area;
   atmospheric dispersion; decisions makings; on-currents; on-currents;
   radioactive contamination; simulation; state of the art; system dynamics;
   system dynamics modeling; system theory

---

UT 25
AR LI H, 2023, ENG, V39, P11, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1006-8023.2023.01.002
TI Prediction of Sustainable Development Level of Maoershan Forest Farm Based
   on System Dynamics
AU LI H; DONG L; LIU Z
TC 3
SO ENG
PY 2023
AB establishing a sustainable development evaluation system was an important
   means to study the level of sustainable development . however , most
   relevant researches only analyze the current situation of the research area
   , and there were relatively few studies on the simulation and prediction of
   the future sustainable development trend of the area . therefore , this
   paper selected 23 indicators from the economic , environmental , social and
   other aspects to establish sustainable development at the management unit
   scale based on the second_phase forest resources survey data of maoershan
   forest farm in 2004 and 2016 . the index weight was determined by the
   entropy weight method and the ahp method , and the evaluation result was
   calculated by the exponential weighting method . and with the help of the
   system dynamics method , vensim ple software was used to draw the system
   dynamics flow chart , find the relationship between variables , and
   construct the system dynamics model , then predicted the sustainable
   development level of the forest farm to 2035 under five different
   development paths in the future . the results showed that the sustainable
   development level in 2004 was 0 . 597 , and in 2016 it was 0 . 833 ,
   indicating that the maoershan forest farm had been upgraded from the weak
   sustainable stage to the primary sustainable stage , showing a good
   development trend . under the five simulated development paths , the
   comprehensive development type can make the sustainable development level of
   the forest farm reach 0 . 924 in 2035 , which was a better development path
   compared with the current status path simulation level of 0 . 899 and other
   development paths . 2023 , department of journal of forest engineering (
   harbin ) . all rights reserved .
DE ahp method; entropy weight method; maoershan forest farm; sustainable
   development; system dynamics

---

UT 26
AR Hosseinkhani M, 2023, HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION, V7, DOI
   10.18502/htaa.v7i2.13816
TI Simulating Flexibility of the Smart Supply Chain in Iran’s Health Industry
   Using System Dynamics Approach
AU Hosseinkhani M; Heydariyeh SA; Razi FF; Tilehnouei MH
TC 0
SO HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION
PY 2023
AB background : making a smart and digital supply chain has always been a key
   phenomenon and a vital factor in organizational transformation . this can
   play a key role in a country ' s health industry . the output can help
   policymakers check the smart supply chain ' s flexibility level and then
   provide a basis for improving flexibility in the health industry by
   presenting possible scenarios . objectives : this study aims to improve the
   flexibility of the smart supply chain using the system dynamics method by
   improving intelligence variables . methods : this study used the system
   dynamics approach and vensim dss to extract and present a dynamic model to
   investigate and indicate the smart supply chain ' s flexibility in iran ' s
   health industry . the gap between the current and desired situations was
   identified , and then by implementing possible scenarios , which have been
   taken from experts ' opinions , steps were taken to improve the supply chain
   ' s flexibility . results : based on the results , smart supply chain
   flexibility in iran is unfavorable and probably faces many problems in
   providing medicine and health services . under possible scenarios , the
   highest level of smart supply chain flexibility in iran ' s health industry
   relies on the institutionalization of smart warehouses or smart
   communication by 5 % during the period under review . this can increase the
   average smart supply chain flexibility level to 2.08 % and 1.4 % ,
   respectively . conclusions : according to the scenarios , policymakers can
   provide the groundwork for improving the flexibility of the supply chain of
   the health industry by changing one of the two variables of smart warehouse
   and smart communication . 2021 tehran university of medical sciences .
DE flexibility; health industry; simulation; smart supply chain; system
   dynamics

---

UT 27
AR Taylor IW, 2025, J SIMUL, DOI 10.1080/17477778.2025.2492682
TI A system dynamics-based digital twin application for mealworm farming
AU Taylor IW; Koul S; Araujo F; Campbell B
TC 1
SO J SIMUL
PY 2025
AB digital twins ( dts ) are virtual models that simulate real_world systems .
   this study introduces a dt for mealworm farming based on the system dynamics
   ( sd ) approach . the sd_based mealworm farm digital twin ( mfdt ) as an
   application is intended to enhance the efficiency of mealworm farming
   operations . the development process involved interviewing a mealworm farmer
   and implementing the findings using vensim software and stella architect .
   the model utilizes qualitative causal loop diagrams to represent feedback
   and stock and flow diagrams for quantitative analysis . the mealworm farming
   method encompasses the simulation of crucial elements such as production ,
   inventory management , and cost structures . the mealworm farmer used the
   mfdt to assess several policies and determine the most effective pricing
   strategies to yield the quickest return on investment and long_term retained
   earnings . also , the effects of reducing the mealworm maturity cycle and
   using higher_cost organic feed , highlighting the importance of balanced
   operational modifications , were investigated . the mfdt also simulates
   customer behavior and market dynamics , facilitating the development of
   efficient marketing strategies and enhancing customer satisfaction by
   balancing supply and demand . the mfdt includes scenarios that offer
   critical insights into developing robust management strategies by simulating
   real_world challenges , improving decision_making and ensuring sustainable
   and profitable farming practices . the mfdt is a valuable tool for farmers
   to experiment with various techniques and assess their impacts without the
   risks of real_world experiments . 2025 the operational research society .
DE digital twins; dt; mealworm farming; sd model; system dynamics modeling
ID market research; resource allocation; sales; strategic planning; user
   experience; causal loop diagrams; development process; mealworm farming;
   real-world system; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; system
   dynamics modeling; vensim softwares; virtual models; decision making

---

UT 28
AR Quispe D, 2023, ECOL APL, V22, P113, DOI 10.21704/rea.v22i2.2087
TI MODEL OF VICUÑA-SHEEP INTERACTION IN RESERVA NACIONAL PAMPA GALERAS; [MODELO
   DE INTERACCIÓN ENTRE VICUÑAS Y OVINOS EN LA RESERVA NACIONAL DE PAMPA
   GALERAS]
AU Quispe D; Quispe J
TC 0
SO ECOL APL
PY 2023
AB the highland is the habitat of the camelids . the vicuna is the smallest
   wild camelid with a fine fiber . the reserva nacional pampa galeras barbara
   d'achille ( rnpg ) in peru has been home to vicunas since ancient times ,
   where the vicunas coexist with domestic animals . the objective of this
   research was to analyze the effect that the presence of sheep population
   generates on the temporal stability of the vicuna population in the rnpg
   under the system dynamics approach . the methodology consisted of using a
   socio_ecological model that considers the main relationships of the
   ecosystem and four scenarios were proposed , the first considers variations
   in the variables associated with the sheep ( food consumption by the sheep
   and time spent in the reserve ) and three scenarios considering changes in
   precipitation ( permanent rainfall of different intensity , rainfall with
   periodic maximum and minimum pulses and random rainfall ) using stella
   software . the main results indicate that the population of sheep does not
   directly influence of the vicuna population because the behavior of vicunas
   in all scenarios tends to self_regulate over time ( 10 years ) . the sheep
   population shows temporal permanence in the rnpg . and their presence is
   inversely associated with the rainy season , which suggests that the rural
   families access the reserve to marginally use the pastures during the dry
   season . departamento academico de biologia , universidad nacional agraria
   la molina , lima peru .
DE competition; domesticated animals; interaction; socio-ecological model;
   stability

---

UT 29
AR [Anonymous], 2022, STUD THEORY APPL, V45, P103, DOI
   10.16353/j.cnki.1000-7490.2022.02.014
TI Simulation Study of Competitive Intelligence Early Warning Mechanism for
   Small and Micro Enterprises Based on Big Data Thinking;
   [基于大数据思维的小微企业竞争情报预警机制仿真研究]
TC 4
SO STUD THEORY APPL
PY 2022
AB [ purpose/ significance ] this study explore the construction of competitive
   intelligence early warning mechanism and its simulation effect for small and
   micro enterprises from the perspective of big data thinking , so as to
   provide reference for small and micro enterprises to successfully carry out
   competitive intelligence early warning work . [ method/ process ] taking
   micro and small enterprises as the research object , we investigate the
   competitive intelligence early warning mechanism of micro and small
   enterprises based on big data thinking , and construct the causal feedback
   relationship diagram and system flow diagram among the elements of the early
   warning mechanism using the system dynamics method , and simulate the model
   by using vensim ple software . [ result/ conclusion ] from the simulation
   results , it can be seen that the model well simulates the operation of
   competitive intelligence early warning mechanism of micro and small
   enterprises , and the sensitivity analysis reveals that the application rate
   of big data technology , the participation rate of enterprise strategic
   alliance , the reference rate of risk index system , the application rate of
   competitive intelligence methods , and the degree of system improvement all
   have positive effects on competitive intelligence early warning , which can
   provide theoretical basis and decision support for micro and small
   enterprises to carry out competitive intelligence early warning work . 2022
   information studies : theory and application . all rights reserved .
DE big data thinking; competitive intelligence; early warning; simulation;
   small and micro enterprises; system dynamics

---

UT 30
AR Xia Y, 2026, SYST, V14, DOI 10.3390/systems14030254
TI Research on Simulation and Structural Optimization of Integrated
   Crop–Livestock Systems in Jilin Province
AU Xia Y; Lv X; Xu S; Guo H/1
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2026
AB the integrated croplivestock farming model not only enhances resource
   utilization efficiency and reduces environmental pollution but also serves
   as a vital pathway for promoting sustainable agricultural development .
   system dynamics models enable in_depth analysis of dynamic system changes .
   therefore , in this study , we constructed a comprehensive system dynamics
   model for the combination of farming and raising in jilin province , and
   used vensim_ple software ( version 6.3 ) to simulate and predict the dynamic
   changes of the agricultural structure and the future development trend based
   on the data of the planting and raising industry from 2006 to 2021 . the
   results of the study show that : ( 1 ) it is expected that by 2035 , the
   grain crop production , cash crop production , hog and beef cattle output ,
   as well as the utilization of straw and livestock and poultry manure in
   jilin province will increase significantly . and the livestock and poultry
   manure load warning value reaches 0.35 , which does not pose a threat to the
   environment . ( 2 ) by setting the simulation structure optimization
   analysis , it is found that the integrated crop_livestock systems performs
   the best in terms of economic , social , ecological and environmental
   benefits . ( 3 ) in 2035 , jilin province should control the total crop
   planting area within 7250 thousand hectares , the number of hog output
   should not exceed 25 million , and the number of beef cattle slaughtered
   should not exceed 4.25 million , so as to ensure that the early warning
   value of livestock and poultry fecal matter loading is lower than 0.4 , and
   to achieve the balance of farming and maximize economic benefits . finally ,
   this paper proposes policy recommendations to optimize crop structures ,
   develop precision farming and aquaculture technologies , establish resource
   recycling projects , and strengthen policy support and technology promotion
   . 2026 by the authors .
DE integrated crop-livestock systems; scenario simulation; sustainable
   development; system dynamics
ID agricultural economics; agricultural pollution; economic analysis; economic
   and social effects; fertilizers; grain ( agricultural product ); livestock;
   manures; structural optimization; beef cattle; crop production; integrated
   crop-livestock system; jilin province; livestock manure; livestock systems;
   poultry manure; scenario simulations; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; sustainable development

---

UT 31
AR Guo C, 2025, APPL SCI, V15, DOI 10.3390/app15105627
TI Research on the Implementation Effect of Incentive Policies for
   Prefabricated Buildings Based on System Dynamics: A Chinese Empirical Study
AU Guo C; Yan W; Guo Z/1
TC 1
SO APPL SCI
PY 2025
AB incentive policies for prefabricated buildings ( pbip ) can effectively
   promote the development of prefabricated buildings ( pb ) and improve the
   sustainability of the construction industry , attracting increasing
   attention from academia and industry . the government has issued many pbips
   ( including land policy , plot ratio reward policy , fund policy , financial
   support policy , preferential tax policy , research and development support
   policy , and construction process management policy ) but the implementation
   effect of pbip remains to be clarified , especially regarding the research
   gap from a dynamic perspective . this study proposes an analytical framework
   of policy implementation effect based on the chain of ' ' policy text
   contentpolicy impact pathpolicy implementation effect ' ' , aiming to
   analyze the implementation stage and effect of pbips using the system theory
   analysis method . combining the main factors affecting the pbip impact
   system , a quantitative model containing 50 variables is established based
   on the system dynamics ( sd ) model . finally , using shenyang , one of
   china ' s first pb pilot cities , as an example , the system simulation and
   sensitivity analysis of main parameters are carried out in vensim software .
   the research results indicate that pbip in shenyang has not been fully
   utilized and targeted improvements and strengthened implementation of pbip
   are needed . in the simulation of individual policies , the implementation
   effect of fund policy is the best , and the impact of research and
   development support policy on carbon reduction is the most significant . the
   promotional effect of the policy combination on pb development is more
   prominent . using the policy combination reasonably is necessary to leverage
   the incentive effect fully . simulation and sensitivity analysis results
   provide valuable insights for government departments to enhance the
   implementation effectiveness of the existing pbip . this study responds to
   the global trend of promoting sustainable building development . it proposes
   a new framework for systematically analyzing the implementation effects of
   pbips , filling the research gap in policy evaluation from a dynamic
   perspective . its methods and findings are not only applicable to the
   chinese context but also provide valuable experience for other countries to
   develop and optimize pbips . 2025 by the authors .
DE dynamic simulation; government intervention; implementation effect;
   incentive policies; policy tools; prefabricated buildings; system dynamics
ID architectural design; prestressed materials; project management; research
   and development management; sensitivity analysis; taxation; dynamics
   simulation; government intervention; implementation effects; incentives
   policy; policy implementations; policy tools; research gaps; research and
   development support; support policy; system dynamics; system theory

---

UT 32
AR Škraba A, 2021, IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG, V1047, DOI
   10.1088/1757-899X/1047/1/012084
TI Parametrization of bass diffusion model on COVID-19 first wave data
AU Škraba A; Vavtar B; Stanovov V; Semenkin E; Stojanović R
TC 3
SO IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG
PY 2021
AB the paper addresses the development of the system for the parameterization
   of the bass diffusion model on covid_19 data . continuous model developed by
   the principle of system dynamics is presented . the parameters of the model
   are tuned to fit the data with genetic algorithm in powersim simulation tool
   . the validation is performed by standard simulation validation techniques .
   the input data used in the experiments were gathered by publically available
   databases . in particular , the data collected in austria , france , italy ,
   south korea , slovenia and swiss were considered in this study . the results
   have shown that the simple model with is capable of predicting the growth
   with s_shaped curve with high accuracy . published under license by iop
   publishing ltd .

---

UT 33
AR Xu M, 2022, JIXIE GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V58, P270, DOI 10.3901/JME.2022.12.270
TI Collaborative Quality Value Modeling for Intelligent Manufacturing of
   Nuclear Power Equipment Based on System Dynamic Flow Diagram;
   [基于系统动力流图的核电装备智能制造协同质量价值建模]
AU Xu M; Yi Q; Shan Y; Xiong S; Cao H/1; Yi S
TC 5
SO JIXIE GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2022
AB in view of the problem of increasing collaborative management cost caused by
   different economic interests of each participant in the process of nuclear
   power equipment construction , it is urgent to analyze the formation of
   collaborative quality value . therefore , a collaborative quality value
   modeling method of nuclear power equipment intelligent manufacturing based
   on system dynamic flow diagram is proposed . the connotation of
   collaborative quality value in intelligent manufacturing of nuclear power
   equipment is defined . based on collaborative quality management activities
   , the formation and increment process of collaborative quality value are
   analyzed , and 34 key influencing factors of collaborative quality value are
   screened by vague set method . the collaborative quality value chain model
   of intelligent manufacturing of nuclear power equipment is constructed by
   value chain method . on this basis , vensim ple7.3.5 software is used to
   establish the dynamic flow diagram of the system , and the weight of each
   parameter in the flow diagram is determined by comprehensive integration
   weighting method . based on this system dynamic flow diagram , the dynamic
   behavior of collaborative quality value increment process is analyzed to
   reveal the influence of key management factors on collaborative quality
   value increment , and the strategy of collaborative quality value increment
   of nuclear power equipment is obtained . this study provides a new research
   idea and direction for establishing value_driven collaborative quality
   assurance mechanism and maximizing the value of the whole value chain of
   nuclear power . 2022 editorial office of chinese journal of mechanical
   engineering . all rights reserved .
DE collaborative quality value; intelligent manufacturing; nuclear power
   equipment; system dynamic flow diagram
ID construction equipment; dynamics; flowcharting; nuclear energy; nuclear
   fuels; nuclear power plants; collaborative quality value; dynamic flows;
   flow diagram; intelligent manufacturing; nuclear power equipments; quality
   value; system dynamic flow diagram; system dynamics; value chains; value
   model; quality assurance

---

UT 34
AR Nazarian-Jashnabadi J, 2023, EXPERT SYS APPL, V234, DOI
   10.1016/j.eswa.2023.121010
TI A dynamic expert system to increase patient satisfaction with an integrated
   approach of system dynamics, ISM, and ANP methods
AU Nazarian-Jashnabadi J; Rahnamay Bonab S; Haseli G; Tomaskova H; Hajiaghaei-
   Keshteli M
TC 37
SO EXPERT SYS APPL
PY 2023
AB it is unquestionable that health , both individually and collectively , is
   the most important issue in life , which is why human beings pay special
   attention to health maintenance and recovery . the correct performance of
   the services attracts the patient ' s satisfaction , which is not only
   influenced by the latest technology and is influenced by many variables .
   therefore , the present study provides a dynamic expert system of patient
   satisfaction with an integrated approach of system dynamics , interpretive
   structural modeling ( ism ) , and analytic network process ( anp ) . first ,
   the general structure of the problem was determined based on ism modeling ,
   and the formulation was done in vensim software . then , the validation
   tests , including the behavior reproduction test and the sensitivity
   analysis , were carried out , and the accuracy of the system was proved . in
   this regard , the ism method was used to identify the levels of causal
   relationships between the studied variables , and the most influential
   variables were identified . then , the most important criteria were
   identified with the anp method and used in identifying policies . finally ,
   the simulation was carried out , and different policies were reviewed . the
   results showed that the criteria were placed on three levels , and the type
   of connection and their importance were clearly defined . the ism and anp
   methods have an interesting synergy with the system dynamics approach and
   help identify leverage points . according to the results , managers can
   adopt strategies that affect patient satisfaction with the greatest impact
   and the least action and take corrective measures . 2023 the authors
DE anp; dynamic expert system; health system; ism; patient satisfaction
ID cell proliferation; integrated control; sensitivity analysis; system theory;
   analytic network; analytic network process; dynamic expert system; health
   systems; integrated approach; interpretive structural models; model
   networks; network process; patient satisfaction; process methods; expert
   systems

---

UT 35
AR Pradana HA, 2022, J DEGRADED MIN LANDS MANAG, V9, P3317, DOI
   10.15243/jdmlm.2022.092.3317
TI Simulation for water quality management using system dynamics modeling in
   the Bedadung Watershed, East Java, Indonesia
AU Pradana HA; Novita E; Purnomo BH
TC 4
SO J DEGRADED MIN LANDS MANAG
PY 2022
AB the potential for pollution of rivers is influenced by river_water discharge
   and the distribution of pollution sources . this research aimed to examine
   recommendations for water quality management in the bedadung river segment
   of the patrang , sumbersari , and kaliwates districts as an urban area of
   jember regency refer to simulations of the total pollution load capacity for
   10 years ( 2016_2026 ) using a system dynamics modeling . the preparation of
   a system dynamics modeling used powersim 5.0 software . it could represent
   holistic environmental management modeling . the input data were total
   suspended solid ( tss ) , biochemical oxygen demand ( bod ) , chemical
   oxygen demand ( cod ) and the streamflow of the bedadung river . the model
   scenarios were the business of usual , moderate , and optimistic scenarios
   involving environmental and socio_economic aspects . the medium_term and
   long_term recommendations for water quality management of the bedadung river
   based on system dynamics simulation were respectively moderate scenario and
   optimistic scenario . the strategies of the moderate scenario were
   application of the best management practice method in agricultural
   cultivation , improving sanitation and domestic wastewater treatment ,
   implementing clean production in the field of livestock and industry , as
   well as waste management on riverbanks . these alternative strategies for
   river water quality management can be used as consideration for protecting
   surface water sources in urban areas . 2022 journal of degraded and mining
   lands management . all rights reserved .
DE pollution load capacity; sustainable; system dynamics; water quality
   standard

---

UT 36
AR Campuzano-Bolarín F, 2025, LECT NOTES DATA ENG COMMUN TECH, V276, P199, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-032-10126-6_32
TI From Natural Language to Executable Models.  How ChatGPT Writes a System
   Dynamics Model
AU Campuzano-Bolarín F; López-López D; Martín-García J
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES DATA ENG COMMUN TECH
PY 2025
AB the process of creating a simulation model , in particular using the system
   dynamics methodology , is a complex and time_intensive task . it begins with
   a clear understanding of the problem , followed by the identification of key
   variables , and culminates in the construction of a stock and flow diagram (
   sfd ) . traditionally , this process has been laborious , requiring
   significant manual effort to translate a conceptual understanding into a
   functional model . with the advent of advanced ai tools like chatgpt , this
   process can be significantly streamlined . this paper presents a
   personalized chatgpt prompt , david ( draw a vensim initial draft ) that can
   automate the creation of a complete vensim model , from problem description
   to a fully functional simulation . the author ( s ) , under exclusive
   license to springer nature switzerland ag 2025 .
DE artificial intelligence; chatgpt; modeling; system dynamics; vensim
ID natural language processing systems; system theory; chatgpt; executable
   modeling; key variables; modeling; natural languages; simulation model;
   stocks and flows; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; vensim;
   artificial intelligence

---

UT 37
AR Vargas-Mesa DS, 2021, TECH TOOLS METHODOL APPL QUAL ASSUR MANUF, P351, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-030-69314-5_16
TI Dynamic study of soil improvement for sugarcane cultivation in colombia
AU Vargas-Mesa DS; Torres-Lozada LK; Osorio-Gómez JC; Torres-Lozada P
TC 1
SO TECH TOOLS METHODOL APPL QUAL ASSUR MANUF
PY 2021
AB sugarcane cultivation is one of the main crops in valle del cauca , colombia
   . however , intensive agricultural production leads to soil depletion (
   which in the long run can seriously affect production ) and , therefore ,
   the economic development of the region and the country . system dynamics is
   a discipline that allows long_term study of the behavior of complex systems
   from the feedback relationships between variables , by studying both the
   structure and behavior of systems . it is particularly recommended for
   complex systems with nonlinear relationships , and in cases which exhibit a
   time delay between the actions taken and the expected consequences of those
   actions . in this study , it was proposed to evaluate through the system
   dynamics methodology , and the possible long_term impacts that this crop
   could generate in the valle del cauca ' s soils . the simulation ' s model
   was applied using vensim dss software and it explored soil recovery
   scenarios using compost , which is produced from sugarcane residues
   composting ( cachaca and bagasse ) . it was evident that the utilization of
   this by_product can represent an important contribution in the soil ' s loss
   and degradation reduction , plus economic and environmental benefits .
   although the proposed model has been applied to the specific case of
   sugarcane , it can be replicated in other types of crop , thus becoming a
   valuable tool for the decision_making process involved in crop planning .
   springer nature switzerland ag 2021 .
DE land use; soil improvement; sugarcane; systems dynamics

---

UT 38
AR Abdi-Dehkordi M, 2021, ENV DEV SUSTAIN, V23, P16246, DOI
   10.1007/s10668-021-01340-0
TI Developing a sustainability assessment framework for integrated management
   of water resources systems using distributed zoning and system dynamics
   approaches
AU Abdi-Dehkordi M; Bozorg-Haddad O; Salavitabar A; Goharian E
TC 13
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2021
AB the management of large_scale water resources systems requires including of
   different stakeholders and users from municipal , agricultural , industrial
   and environmental sectors . this has baffled the process of decision making
   for integrated water resource systems . in such systems , the interactions
   between various stakeholders must be carefully taken into account with the
   goal of aggregating interests around the sustainability concept . in this
   study , first , the integrated water resources systems of big karun
   watershed , iran , have been modeled using the system dynamics approach .
   the system dynamics model represents the interactions between different
   components of the system , including water transfer projects , dams , urban
   , industry , agriculture and fish farming , and environmental demands .
   vensim software has been used for the system dynamics modeling . vensim
   simulates the dynamics behavior of the sub_systems and overall performance
   of the system by comparing the current operation policies with the future
   management scenarios . a wide range of performance indices , such as
   quantitative and qualitative water stress , income , cost , and productivity
   , have been used here to represent different aspects of sustainability goals
   . finally , the performance of the systems has been evaluated by developing
   a sustainability index using distributed zoning model in order to identify
   proper management policies for this watershed . the results indicate that
   downstream users demand can not be fully met by solely considering
   inter_basin water transfer and agricultural development projects . the
   sustainable and integrated management of the whole system ties into
   enhancement in both infrastructure systems and the operation of the whole
   system . it is expected that the sustainability of the basin improves if a
   water market schema exists and the gained money would be used to enhance the
   efficiency of existing irrigation networks . 2021 , the author ( s ) , under
   exclusive license to springer nature b . v .
DE big karun basin; integrated water resources management; sustainability;
   system dynamics approach
ID iran; assessment method; decision making; integrated approach; irrigation
   system; maximum sustainable yield; qualitative analysis; sustainability;
   water management; water resource; watershed

---

UT 39
AR Norris G, 2021, IEEE SYST ENG DES SYMP SIEDS, DOI
   10.1109/SIEDS52267.2021.9483721
TI Analyzing Homeless Service Systems in Local Government Using a Systems
   Engineering Framework
AU Norris G; Qureshi A; Russo K; Gomez MS
TC 1
SO IEEE SYST ENG DES SYMP SIEDS
PY 2021
AB this paper investigates efficiency improvement opportunities within homeless
   service systems in the united states through modeling and simulation .
   homeless service systems in the united states continue to evolve but are
   challenged by facility capacity and operational constraints . in this paper
   , a maryland county homeless service system is selected as the case study
   for analysis . data is collected through personnel interviews , housing and
   urban development ( hud ) data , and summarized annual reports from the
   client . using a regression analysis model , key variables in flow_rates to
   stable housing solutions are determined in order to construct a system
   dynamics model of the homeless service system . this model is run for a
   period of 2 years , using the simulation software vensim to identify
   bottlenecks as potential areas of improvement within the system . model
   success is defined by hud system performance measures , such as the length
   of time persons remain homeless and the rates at which persons placed in
   stable housing solutions return to homelessness . the model is further
   evaluated with the findings from a directed literature search of related
   case studies , semi_structured interviews with industry personnel , and a
   comparison to national best practices . the model will be generalized to
   simulate the hud system performance measures of other homeless service
   systems in the united states . additionally , the model will inform
   recommendations of identified improvements , such as altering ratios of case
   managers to facility occupants , modifying the intake assessment process ,
   and optimizing facility programs for improved client flow . these
   recommendations will be applied to create a prototype dashboard for the
   client . this dashboard will be used as a forecasting tool to aid in
   decision_making affecting the operation of local homeless service systems .
   2021 ieee .
DE homelessness; policy; simulation
ID computer software; decision making; head-up displays; housing; personnel;
   systems engineering; urban growth; efficiency improvement; engineering
   frameworks; model and simulation; operational constraints; regression
   analysis models; semi structured interviews; system dynamics model; system
   performance measures; facilities

---

UT 40
AR Zuo Z, 2023, J DALI JIAOTONG UNIV, V44, P1, DOI
   10.13291/j.cnki.djdxac.2023.06.001
TI Research on Supply-Demand Response Relationship of Public Transportation
   Travel Based on System Dynamics; [基于系统动力学城市公交出行供求响应关系研究]
AU Zuo Z; Dong J/4
TC 0
SO J DALI JIAOTONG UNIV
PY 2023
AB in order to reveal the changes of the supply_demand structure of public and
   private transportation travel in the stage of urban development , the
   allocation of supply_demand resources for urban public transportation travel
   are studied . based on traffic supply_demand theory , taking the demand
   situation of urban private and public transportation as the research object
   and taking dalian as an example , the system dynamics model of transit
   supply and demand response relationship and quantitative equations are
   established . using vensim software to simulate data , the dynamic changes
   of travel demand and road supply in dalian after the construction of metro
   are obtained , which verifies that public transportation can play an
   important role in regulation . meanwhile the ideal travel structure
   relationship between cars and public transportation travel demand is
   obtained , the dynamic evolution relationship of the travel structure
   sharing ratio at different stages is analyzed . some suggestions on the
   public transportation development are proposed . 2023 editorial office of
   journal of dalian jiaotong university . all rights reserved .
DE public transportation priority; supply-demand response relationship; system
   dynamic; urban transportation; vensim

---

UT 41
AR Hijazi I, 2022, ISPRS ANN PHOTOGRAMM REMOTE SENS SPAT SCI, V10, P97, DOI
   10.5194/isprs-annals-X-4-W2-2022-97-2022
TI Urban Growth Simulation Using Urban Dynamics and Citygml: A Use Case from
   the City of Munich
AU Hijazi I; Donaubauer A; Hamm A; Falkenstein A; Kolbe TH
TC 6
SO ISPRS ANN PHOTOGRAMM REMOTE SENS SPAT SCI
PY 2022
AB urban dynamics modeling using system dynamic ( sd ) approaches aims to
   provide an understanding of the major internal forces within an urban area ,
   such as population development . sd models provide valuable information for
   decision and policy making . urban systems are strongly related to the urban
   space , which is well described by geospatial data . therefore , the
   connection of sd and geospatial data is advantageous , both for feeding
   spatial information into sd models and for further spatial analyzes and for
   visualizing the results of sd in geographic context . this paper describes a
   new approach to combine an sd model with a semantic 3d city model . our
   approach shows that a bidirectional data exchange between semantic city
   models and sd models improves the predictions generated by the sd models .
   furthermore , we show that automatic modification of the semantic city model
   by the output of the sd model allows for 3d visualization and further
   analysis of future scenarios . since semantic 3d city models and sd models
   have complex data structures , and since the models have evolved in very
   different domains , integrating the models is a complex task . in order to
   facilitate the integration process , we developed a conceptual model , which
   describes the data structures of the semantic city model and of the sd model
   as well as the bidirectional relations between the models using the concept
   of model weaving . the approach was tested using the sd tool vensim and a
   citygml data set from the city of munich for an urban densification use case
   . 2022 i . hijazi et al .
DE citygml; semantic 3d city models; spatial system dynamics; system dynamics;
   urban dynamics
ID 3d modeling; data integration; data structures; electronic data interchange;
   system theory; three dimensional computer graphics; urban growth; city
   model; citygml; geo-spatial data; growth simulation; model dynamics;
   semantic 3d city model; spatial system dynamics; system dynamics; system
   dynamics modeling; urban dynamics; semantics

---

UT 42
AR Jia S, 2021, CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC, V23, P1027, DOI
   10.1007/s10098-020-02013-8
TI Effect of combined strategy on mitigating air pollution in China
AU Jia S
TC 9
SO CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC
PY 2021
AB abstract : air pollution has worsened as a result of increased traffic
   congestion in cities . using air pollution caused by motor vehicle emissions
   ( mainly by carbon monoxide , hydrocarbon , nitrogen oxide , and particulate
   matter ) as an example , in this study , we applied an integrated algorithm
   comprising system dynamics , entropy weight method , and gray system theory
   to establish a weighted logic function . a vehicle pollutant control model (
   including the transport , health , and environmental subsystems ) was
   established by vensim software . the medium_and long_term key variable
   analysis showed that the integrated algorithm , fully reflecting the
   advantages of system dynamics and gray system theory , more accurately
   described air pollution caused by vehicle emissions . our research results
   also revealed that the combined strategy of penalties and air pollution
   charging fee had a threefold effect : reduced congestion and emissions ,
   improved health impact index , and reduced number of illegal trips .
   specifically , the degree of traffic congestion , number of illegal trips ,
   and the degree of air pollution decreased by approximately 82.40 % , 69.35 %
   , and 68.91 % , respectively , whereas the health impact index increased by
   about 279.03 % . this finding provides guidance for improving policy and
   optimizing management and control modes . graphic abstract : [ figure not
   available : see fulltext . ] 2021 , the author ( s ) , under exclusive
   license to springer_verlag gmbh , de part of springer nature .
DE air pollution; emission reduction; integrated algorithm; system dynamics;
   threefold effect
ID air pollution; carbon monoxide; crime; health; nitrogen oxides; system
   theory; traffic congestion; vehicles; air pollution in chinas; entropy
   weight method; gray system theory; integrated algorithm; key variable
   analysis; management and controls; motor vehicle emissions; particulate
   matter; pollution control

---

UT 43
AR Wang F, 2022, J ENV MANAG, V318, DOI 10.1016/j.jenvman.2022.115623
TI Scenarios and sustainability of the economy–nitrogen-resource–environment
   system using a system dynamic model on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau
AU Wang F; Liu S/1; Liu H/4; Liu Y/13; Yu L; Wang Q/6; Dong Y/2; Tran L-SP; Su
   J; Zhao W/1
TC 15
SO J ENV MANAG
PY 2022
AB nitrogen ( n ) plays a vital role in the development of crop production and
   animal husbandry in agricultural and pastoral areas . however , the
   irrational utilization of n resources and subsequent environmental issues
   with rapid economic development has attracted wide public attention .
   coordinating the economyn_resourceenvironment ( enre ) system is of great
   importance for regional sustainable development . in this study , the
   dynamics of the enre system of a typical agricultural and pastoral area on
   the qinghai_tibet plateau ( qtp ) were simulated using the vensim software
   from 1998 to 2018 . four typical scenarios ( current development scenario ,
   economic development scenario , environment protection scenario and resource
   optimization scenario ) are established to assess the sustainability level
   and the coupling coordination degrees ( ccds ) of the three subsystems , i .
   e . , the economy , n_resource and environment subsystems from 2019 to 2030
   . our study indicates that the n flow_based system dynamics ( sd ) model
   connects the different subsystems of the enre system together well and
   allows different scenario simulations . from 2019 to 2030 , the enre system
   is at a weak sustainability level during the simulation period , and the
   three subsystems are at slightly unbalanced stages of development in terms
   of ccd level . the sustainability and ccd levels of the four examined
   scenarios are as follows : resource optimization scenario > economic
   development scenario > environment protection scenario > current development
   scenario , with average values of 0.45 , 0.37 . 0.42 , 0.36 . 0.41 , 0.35.
   and 0.39 , 0.34 , respectively . under the resource optimization scenario ,
   reducing n inputs to food production and consumption and reducing the
   planting area of cash crops can effectively improve the n use efficiency of
   the food chain in the n_resource subsystem ( 15.34 % from 2019 to 2030 on
   average ) . our results provide a reference for promoting sustainable
   development and formulating policies in agricultural and pastoral regions .
   2022 elsevier ltd
DE coupling coordination degree; economynitrogen-resourceenvironment system;
   scenario analysis; sustainability level; system dynamics
ID animal husbandry; animals; china; conservation of natural resources;
   economic development; nitrogen; tibet; qinghai-xizang plateau; crops;
   cultivation; economic and social effects; economics; environmental
   protection; nitrogen; resource allocation; system theory; nitrogen;
   coordination degree; coupling coordination degree; development scenarios;
   economic development; economynitrogen-resourceenvironment system;
   environment systems; resources environments; scenarios analysis;
   sustainability level; system dynamics; animal husbandry; crop production;
   dynamic analysis; scenario analysis; sustainability; agricultural land;
   article; calibration; cash crop; conceptual model; economic development;
   environmental protection; food chain; food industry; food intake; land use;
   natural resource; prediction; recycling; simulation; software; sustainable
   development; tibet; validation process; animal; animal husbandry; china;
   economic development; tibet; sustainable development

---

UT 44
AR Ma M/1, 2023, J BUILD ENG, V75, DOI 10.1016/j.jobe.2023.107050
TI A system dynamics model for assessing impacts of policies on supply and
   demand of recycled aggregate
AU Ma M/1; Tam VW; Le KN; Osei-Kyei R
TC 12
SO J BUILD ENG
PY 2023
AB it has become urgent for virgin aggregate to be replaced with recycled
   aggregate , because acquiring virgin aggregate involves considerable amount
   of energy and carbon dioxide emissions . in recent decades , governments
   worldwide have formulated policies to develop the market for recycled
   aggregate , while introduction of these policies could cause uncertainties
   in its supply and demand , potentially hindering its market acceptance .
   this study develops a system dynamics model to assess impacts of five
   policies ( i . e . , enhanced supervision on illegal dumping , landfill
   charge , subsidies for recycling activities , development of recycling
   centers , and restriction on mining ) on the supply and demand of recycled
   aggregate . the model is described through vensim ple software , and
   chongqing , china is selected as a case study . single policies , including
   enhanced supervision , development of recycling centers and landfill charge
   are observed to have limited impacts on supply and demand of recycled
   aggregate . when the subsidy equals to 50 yuan / ton ( or us $ 7.41/ton ) ,
   the subsidy policy could suppress the increase in illegal dumping percentage
   and increase the supply of recycled aggregate . restriction on mining could
   contribute to the growth of demand . however , single policies are found to
   have limitations and combination of policies should be considered . impacts
   of three different combination policies are discussed in this study .
   findings of this study could contribute to practice of c and d waste
   management and present possible stimulus to use recycled aggregate . 2023
   the authors
DE market development; policy instrument; recycled aggregate; supply and
   demand; system dynamics model; waste recycling
ID aggregates; carbon dioxide; commerce; crime; global warming; land fill;
   mining; public policy; system theory; carbon dioxide emissions; energy;
   illegal dumping; market acceptance; market development; policy instruments;
   recycled aggregates; system dynamics modeling; uncertainty; wastes
   recycling; recycling

---

UT 45
AR Peng S/1, 2023, GAODIANYA JISHU, V49, P3478, DOI
   10.13336/j.1003-6520.hve.20230451
TI System Dynamics of the Evolutionary Development of Coupled Wind-hydrogen-
   coal System for Wind-coal Enriched Areas; [面向风煤富集区域的风−氢−煤耦合系统演化发展系统动力学]
AU Peng S/1; Yang S/2; Yuan T
TC 9
SO GAODIANYA JISHU
PY 2023
AB under the goal of ' ' carbon neutrality ' ' , alleviating the problem of new
   energy consumption and getting out of the environmental pollution dilemma
   are the main challenges faced by wind_coal enriched areas . this paper uses
   hydrogen energy as a coal intermediary to deeply integrate the rich wind and
   coal resources in wind_coal_rich regions in the industrial chain to form a
   wind_hydrogen_coal coupling system . based on the system dynamics , the
   internal interaction and feedback mechanism of the wind_hydrogen_coal
   coupling system are clarified , a system dynamics model of the evolution and
   development of the wind_hydrogen_coal coupling system is established , and
   simulation is carried out by the vensim software , moreover , the emission
   reduction effect and economic benefits of the wind_coal coupled development
   are emphatically analyzed . the results show that the wind_hydrogen_coal
   coupling system with green hydrogen as the fulcrum is economically and
   technically feasible , and the hydrogen storage can reduce carbon emissions
   by nearly 1.36 million tons with an economic benefit of 10 billion . the
   system can realize the development of economy growth and carbon emission
   decoupling by taking advantage of the renewable , low_cost wind power and
   the rich coal_based resources in the region , and help the wind_coal
   enriched areas achieve the goal of ' ' carbon peak ' ' by 2030 as scheduled
   . 2023 science press . all rights reserved .
DE carbon peak; carbon reduction; new energy consumption; system dynamics;
   wind-coal enriched areas; wind-hydrogen-coal coupling system
ID carbon; coal; computer software; costs; economic and social effects;
   economics; emission control; system theory; wind power; carbon peaks; carbon
   reduction; coupling systems; energy consumption; new energies; new energy
   consumption; system dynamics; wind hydrogens; wind-coal enriched area; wind-
   hydrogen-coal coupling system; energy utilization

---

UT 46
AR Song J/3, 2021, J MOD, V41, P112, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1008-0821.2021.05.013
TI Research on Dynamic Model of Competitor Research System of Strategic
   Emerging Enterprises in Big Data Environment; [大数据环境下战略性新兴企业竞争对手研究体系动力学模型研究]
AU Song J/3; Wang K; Shen Y/3; Guo X; Che Y
TC 1
SO J MOD
PY 2021
AB [ purpose / significance ] to explore the impact of the big data environment
   and the characteristics of strategic emerging industries on the company ' s
   competitive intelligence work and to provide reference for related companies
   to carry out competitor research in the future . [ method / process ] this
   article analyzed the research process and system of strategic emerging
   companies ' competitors in the big data environment used vensim ple software
   to construct the dynamic model of the strategic emerging company ' s
   competitors research system in the big data environment and conducts
   simulations . [ results / conclusions ] the simulation model and results
   simulated the competitor research process of strategic emerging companies in
   a big data environment and can provide a theoretical basis for strategic
   emerging companies to formulate effective competitor analysis strategies .
   2021 editorial board of journal of modern information . all rights reserved
   .
DE big data environment; competitor research system; simulation; strategic
   emerging enterprises; system dynamics modeling

---

UT 47
AR Shahsavari-Pour N, 2023, APPL SCI, V13, DOI 10.3390/app13031662
TI A System Dynamics Approach to Optimize Milk Production in an Industrial
   Ranch
AU Shahsavari-Pour N; Rahimi-Ashjerdi S; Heydari A; Fekih A
TC 5
SO APPL SCI
PY 2023
AB the milk production process on an industrial ranch consists of various and
   regular activities , with each requiring a proper management approach .
   different variables also affect the milk production process , and the
   maximum milk production is achieved by identifying critical variables . this
   work was motivated by the fereidan ahrar ranch management in isfahan , iran
   , which seeks to identify and optimize important variables to increase milk
   production . this unit also considers livestock omission due to disease and
   losses as one of the important issues . this kind of omission is followed by
   the increased medical costs of the ranch . this paper investigated a system
   dynamics approach and vensim software to simulate the milk production
   process considering the combination of demographic livestock and medical
   costs . system sensitivity was analyzed using the design of experiment ( doe
   ) technique and some scenarios were proposed to maximize milk production by
   identifying and tuning important variables affecting milk production . the
   simulation results of the designed model showed five important variables
   affecting milk production . these variables include the production cycle
   rate , voluntary omission rate , change rates of female calves per year that
   are entered into the life cycle of the ranch , pregnant heifers that become
   dairy herds after calving , and finally , the effect of the medical costs .
   2023 by the authors .
DE design of experiments; milk production; optimization; simulation; system
   dynamics

---

UT 48
AR Van Breda IM, 2023, LECT NOTES PROD ENG, VPart F1162, P537, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-15602-1_39
TI A Gamified Learning Approach Using Systems Modelling for Understanding the
   Effects of Asset Management Decision-Making
AU Van Breda IM; Jooste JL; Hummel V
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES PROD ENG
PY 2023
AB engineering asset management is a broad and multidisciplinary field with a
   variety of interconnected facets . asset management ( am ) encompasses a
   larger spectrum of risk , finance , and maintenance factors that make
   managing assets a complex and integrated multidisciplinary process . an
   industrial and educational challenge is to provide holistic training and
   insight in a comprehensible way for developing learner understanding and
   knowledge about the larger system ' s effect and practical implications of
   decision_making across the multidisciplinary facets of am . in this paper ,
   it is argued that gamification may present a suitable alternative for
   addressing this challenge . arguments are presented in support of
   gamification , based on the success of existing games within industrial
   environments and the respective state of the art . the paper presents the
   design and development of a simulation_based game of am using an
   architecture for bidirectional learning for serious game development . the
   game model is developed using system dynamics ( sd ) . the paper further
   explores the applicability of sd methods to model an am game . two software
   modeling tools ( vensim and anylogic ) are used to explore the benefits and
   limitations of sd methods to simulate the dynamics being considered . the
   strength of the sd method resides in its ability to enhance and simplify
   learning in complex systems . the paper concludes with an outlook of
   progress with the development of an am simulation_based game . 2023 , the
   author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer nature switzerland ag .
DE asset management; gamification; serious gaming; system dynamics; system
   modeling
ID asset management; learning systems; serious games; software design; system
   theory; assets management; dynamic method; engineering asset managements;
   gamification; learning approach; management decision making; management is;
   serious gaming; system dynamics; system models; decision making

---

UT 49
AR Choudhary P, 2022, IEEE ENG MANAG REV, V50, P20, DOI
   10.1109/EMR.2022.3180003
TI System Dynamics Based Analysis of Oil and Gas Supply Chain Disruptions
   During COVID-19
AU Choudhary P; Jain NK
TC 5
SO IEEE ENG MANAG REV
PY 2022
AB covid_19 has shocked global humanity and forced the world for continued
   lockdown and sudden economic turmoil . the oil and gas ( o and g ) sectors
   have experienced a nearly catastrophic besides undergoing supply_demand
   stalemate and free fall of crude price . such an unbalance has impacted the
   supply chain of the o and g industry , having diverse ' hotspots . ' besides
   the growth of green energy , the oil sector contributes significantly to the
   energy security for the majority of the countries . hence , the o and g
   sector needs to consider resilience strategies against such hotspots
   critically . this article has identified such critical hotspots and analyzed
   their moderation by developing a systems thinking for education and research
   software model with system dynamics ( sd ) approach . the sd model is
   simulated with the data input of crude price , forecast demand , and
   strategy for the upcoming fiscal years . the indian o and g sector is chosen
   as a case study . however , globally , the uniformity of the o and g supply
   chain could be effectively applied . the results indicate a drastic decline
   in production , revenue , sustainability , and net profits , though the
   critical resilience strategies are suggested . despite a comprehensive
   exhibit of difficulties , the oil industry is expected to stay innovative ,
   resilient , and compelling and eventually balances the slump as economic
   situations improve . 1973_2011 ieee .
DE covid-19; hotspots; oil and gas ( o and g ); resilience strategies; system
   dynamics ( sd ); systems thinking for education and research ( stella )
   software
ID energy policy; supply chains; system theory; covid-19; free fall; gas supply
   chain; hotspots; oil and gas; resilience strategy; stella software; supply
   chain disruptions; supply-demand; system dynamics; energy security

---

UT 50
AR Chen X/4, 2025, BUILD, V15, DOI 10.3390/buildings15070996
TI System Dynamics Simulation of Intervention Strategies for Unsafe Behaviors
   Among Prefabricated Building Construction Workers
AU Chen X/4; Gao Y/4; Chen R; Huang B; Ma L/1
TC 2
SO BUILD
PY 2025
AB prefabricated building construction is a crucial approach to achieving ' '
   green ' ' building goals , yet it differs significantly from traditional
   cast_in_place construction methods . due to complex cross_operations , high
   mechanization requirements , insufficient worker experience , and inadequate
   safety measures , prefabricated construction faces greater safety management
   challenges than traditional methods . this study identifies 17 key
   indicators influencing unsafe behaviors among prefabricated building
   construction workers across four dimensions : physical environment ,
   individual factors , team factors , and safety management . a combined
   weighting method , integrating the entropy weight method and the coefficient
   of variation method , was employed to determine the weight of each factor .
   based on the weight analysis results , a system dynamics intervention model
   for unsafe behaviors of prefabricated building construction workers was
   developed and simulated using the vensim platform . the results indicate
   that , among single intervention measures , improving individual
   comprehensive skills has the most significant effect , reducing unsafe
   behaviors by 37.78 % , though this still falls short of the desired target .
   in contrast , combined interventions yield superior outcomes , with
   reductions of 68.87 % for individual factor interventions , 59.93 % for
   safety management interventions , 46.32 % for team factor interventions ,
   and 20.71 % for physical environment interventions . these findings
   highlight the significant advantages of combined interventions . based on
   the study results and the characteristics of prefabricated construction ,
   this paper proposes specific intervention strategies , emphasizing the
   importance of training and institutional development to systematically
   enhance workers ' safety behaviors . 2025 by the authors .
DE entropy weighting method; intervention measures; prefabricated building;
   system dynamics; unsafe behavior
ID artificial intelligence; partitions ( building ); project management; safety
   factor; building construction; construction workers; entropy weighting
   method; individual factors; intervention measures; intervention strategy;
   physical environments; safety management; system dynamics; unsafe behaviors;
   system theory

---

UT 51
AR Quintana Quispe FR, 2025, PROC INT ASTRONAUT CONGR IAC, P437, DOI
   10.52202/083099-0042
TI Projection Of Space Industry Growth In Developing Countries: A System
   Dynamics Model Applied To The Case Of Peru
AU Quintana Quispe FR; Roman-Gonzalez A
TC 0
SO PROC INT ASTRONAUT CONGR IAC
PY 2025
AB this research presents the design and application of a system dynamics model
   aimed at projecting the potential growth of the space industry in developing
   countries , using peru as a case study . the purpose of the work is to
   explore , from a prospective perspective , the critical interactions among
   public and private investment , specialized talent formation and retention ,
   scientific and technological infrastructure , international cooperation ,
   and the demand for space services . the model , built in vensim and
   simulated over a twenty_year horizon with quarterly resolution ,
   incorporates reinforcing and balancing feedback loops as well as structural
   delays associated with human capital development and capacity expansion .
   simulation results indicate that isolated interventions have limited effects
   , while an integrated strategy that combines investment in research and
   development , talent formation , and institutional adoption produces
   superior growth trajectories . this scenario accelerates the creation of
   firms and expands the user base , although constrained by the early
   saturation of infrastructure . consequently , talent emerges as the main
   leverage point of the ecosystem , while installed capacity acts as a
   critical limit that must be expanded in parallel with demand . the proposed
   framework is parsimonious , reproducible , and scalable , and provides a
   useful tool for guiding evidence_based policies in emerging economies .
   copyright 2025 by the international astronautical federation ( iaf ) . all
   rights reserved .
DE emerging economies ( peru ); policy evaluation; space economy; system
   dynamics
ID developing countries; economics; international cooperation; investments;
   design and application; emerging economies; emerging economy ( peru );
   industry growth; policy evaluation; potential growth; space economy; space
   industry; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; system theory

---

UT 52
AR Al-Kofahi ZG, 2022, INT J CONSTR MANAG, V22, P1355, DOI
   10.1080/15623599.2020.1711494
TI System dynamics modeling approach to quantify change orders impact on labor
   productivity 1: principles and model development comparative study
AU Al-Kofahi ZG; Mahdavian A; Oloufa A
TC 46
SO INT J CONSTR MANAG
PY 2022
AB in construction projects , change orders are commonly issued by the owner
   and may cause interruption to the contractor ' s work , resulting in loss of
   labor productivity , delay , and cost overruns , which may lead to claims .
   because of the complexity in linking the because of the productivity loss to
   the change order , the relationship is not well understood . the contractor
   must prove with a credible calculation that the productivity loss was a
   result of the change order issued by the owner to be able to receive
   compensation . compared to all available productivity loss quantification
   methods , the measured mile approach is considered the most acceptable and
   popular in litigation . this study is a discourse on the understanding , use
   , and potential application of system dynamics within quantifying change
   orders ' impact on labor productivity . the model boundary , including
   endogenous and exogenous variables , are identified . after determining the
   parameters used in modeling , the cld is constructed to understand the
   system structure better . a system dynamics model is developed using vensim
   software , verified , validated , and utilized to quantitatively measure the
   influence of the change in the project scope on labor productivity . to
   examine the applicability of the proposed model , it has been implemented to
   a real highway construction case study , and the impacts of various
   variables on labor productivity loss have been studied using the data for
   two completed highway construction projects from fdot . the study can be
   applied to construction projects that faced change orders , and as a result
   of these changes , the contractor ' s performance was affected . the
   proposed model can be used to determine the primary sources that result in
   labor productivity loss on a specific type of task . 2020 informa uk limited
   , trading as taylor and francis group .
DE change orders; construction projects; labor productivity; model development;
   system dynamic

---

UT 53
AR Guo Z/1, 2024, J TECHNOL TRANSF, V49, P660, DOI 10.1007/s10961-022-09989-z
TI Identifying the implementation effect of technology transfer policy using
   system dynamics: a case study in Liaoning, China
AU Guo Z/1; Shen J; Li L
TC 11
SO J TECHNOL TRANSF
PY 2024
AB given that technology transfer provides an important boost for promoting
   national economic development , technology transfer policy ( ttp ) has
   attracted more and more attention from academia and industry . the
   government issued many policies . however , the implementation effect of ttp
   still needs to be clarified . this study is carried out from the progressive
   level of ' ' text content_influence path_implementation effect . ' ' it aims
   to adopt a systematic analysis method to analyze policy tools and policy
   implementation stages , then builds a conceptual framework of the influence
   path of ttp . then the relationship between variables in the qualitative
   model was clarified , and the system dynamics ( sd ) model was used to build
   a quantitative model with four feedback loops . finally , taking liaoning ,
   china as an example , the system simulation and sensitivity analysis of the
   main parameters are implemented in vensim ple . different policy tools have
   different roles in the ttp impact stages of research , transfer , and
   industrialization . based on the data of 20131019 , the sd model constructed
   in this paper can be used to predict the implementation effect of ttp during
   20202015 . simulation and sensitivity analysis results provide practical
   enlightenment for government departments to improve the implementation
   effect of the existing ttp . this study also provides other researchers with
   a systematic understanding for improving the implementation effect of ttp
   with a ' ' text content_influence path_implementation effect ' ' conduction
   chain and provides new insights for further research on ttp . the author ( s
   ) , under exclusive license to springer science+business media , llc , part
   of springer nature 2022 .
DE implementation effect; l24; l26; l38; o31; o32; o38; policy simulation;
   sensitivity analysis; system dynamics; technology transfer policy
ID economic and social effects; system theory; technology transfer; case-
   studies; economic development; implementation effects; liaoning; policy
   simulation; policy tools; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling;
   technology transfer policy; text content; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 54
AR Gao Y, 2022, IEEE INT CONF UNIVERS VILLAGE UV, DOI
   10.1109/UV56588.2022.10185473
TI Smart City Development Index
AU Gao Y; Li Z/6
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF UNIVERS VILLAGE UV
PY 2022
AB smart city is a new stage of development after industrial city , and a
   product of human science and society . task 1 : based on the development of
   smart city , it selects 26 indicators of 7 main factors and draws the
   hierarchical structure chart by holding the scientific selection principle .
   when determining the weight of factors at each layer , it uses the
   consistent matrix method to compare the pair and pair factors , judges the
   consistency ratio of the obtained matrix , and finally determines the weight
   of each indicator . the smart city development index is the value of the
   second_level index multiplied by their respective weights and then summed ,
   and the development level of the city is divided with 0.5 as the standard .
   task 2 : firstly , compared with china ' s gdp , it is found that hangzhou '
   s growth rate is always higher than that of china , while harbin ' s gdp is
   lower than hangzhou ' s and its development is slower . according to the
   development index proposed in the first question , the scores of hangzhou
   and harbin are calculated and the trend chart is drawn . it is found that
   before 2017 , the development of harbin was higher than that of hangzhou ,
   but after that , the growth rate of hangzhou was faster and hangzhou
   surpassed harbin . after 2017 , the scores of hangzhou both exceeded 50 ,
   that is , both were above the average development level . task 4 : based on
   the system dynamics theory , the smart city system dynamic model is
   constructed based on the data of hangzhou city . the model includes seven
   parts : smart economy , intelligent humanity , intelligent energy management
   , intelligent medical treatment , intelligent urban infrastructure ,
   intelligent environmental protection , and urban planning and crowd
   management . vensim was used to simulate the model , and the results showed
   that the future construction level of hangzhou would be stable but rising ,
   and all subsystems would play an important role in urban development , among
   which the smart economy was the most obvious . finally , according to the
   conclusions of the research , some suggestions and plans are provided for
   hangzhou and harbin from the aspects of green development , science and
   technology , government leadership and so on . 2022 ieee .
DE hierarchical analysis; smart city; uv system
ID environmental management; environmental technology; growth rate; urban
   growth; consistent matrix; hangzhou; hierarchical analysis; hierarchical
   structures; human science; human society; industrial city; selection
   principles; structure chart; uv systems; smart city

---

UT 55
AR Wang L/4, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P662, DOI 10.1145/3659211.3659325
TI Research on supply chain risk based on OWA operator and system dynamics
AU Wang L/4; Guang X; Zhu W/1
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB after the concept of supply chain management was put forward in the 1980s ,
   it had a great impact on many industries such as agriculture , timber and
   oil . due to the rapid development of modern logistics , more and more
   logistics enterprises are faced with a large number of order data , and as
   the logistics system becomes more and more complex , they are faced with
   more and more risks . artificial risk identification can no longer meet the
   problems faced by current logistics enterprises . therefore , the awareness
   of identifying logistics risk through computer simulation has gradually
   appeared in people ' s vision . in this dissertationr , the characteristics
   of general supply chain and agricultural supply chain are compared by
   expounding relevant theories of supply chain and agricultural supply chain ,
   and the risk types , model methods and risk influencing factors used in this
   paper are introduced in detail . the risk assessment decision based on owa
   operator and the risk assessment method based on system dynamics were used
   for quantitative research . the sequence of risk events and the fluctuation
   of risk changes were obtained , and the risk assessment decision based on
   owa operator was simulated with c # programming language , and the risk
   assessment based on system dynamics was simulated with vensim . 2023 acm .
DE agricultural supply chain risk; owa operator; system dynamics; vensim
ID c++ ( programming language ); agricultural supply chain risk; agricultural
   supply chains; decision-based; logistics enterprise; owa operators; risk-
   based; risks assessments; supply chain risks; system dynamics; vensim;
   system theory

---

UT 56
AR Zhang Y/3, 2022, CICTP INTELL GREEN CONNECT TRANSP - PROC COTA INT CONF
   TRANSP PROF, P1193, DOI 10.1061/9780784484265.112
TI Analysis of Urban Distribution Capacity System Based on Vensim
AU Zhang Y/3; Zhang M/1; Wei Y/1; Zhou B; Wang S/2; Ji Y
TC 0
SO CICTP INTELL GREEN CONNECT TRANSP - PROC COTA INT CONF TRANSP PROF
PY 2022
AB with the rapid growth of urban distribution , there are many problems that
   can culminate , including traffic congestion . based on system dynamics
   theory , this paper constructs a dynamics model of urban distribution
   capacity system using systemic thinking , in which the model contains a
   social subsystem , vehicle subsystem , and environment subsystem . a
   because_effect loop diagram is drawn and clarified by vensim software to
   sort out the relationships and logical loops within the subsystems . its
   purpose analyzes the factors affecting the change of distribution vehicle
   capacity and correlates it between the elements within the total system of
   capacity . for urban distribution in china , it is necessary to use the
   concept of sustainable development to establish the concept of green
   distribution into practice and implement it into the actual distribution
   work , so as to bring about the long_term development of the distribution
   economy . asce .
ID multimodal transportation; systems thinking; traffic congestion; urban
   growth; cause-effect; distribution capacity; dynamics models; dynamics
   theory; loop diagrams; rapid growth; system dynamics; systemic thinking;
   urban distribution; vensim softwares; sustainable development

---

UT 57
AR Mo J, 2025, J RAILW SCI ENG, V22, P1291, DOI
   10.19713/j.cnki.43-1423/u.T20240816
TI Impact of cumulative fatigue on turnover intention of railway construction
   technical personnel in high-altitude areas
AU Mo J; Zhan X
TC 0
SO J RAILW SCI ENG
PY 2025
AB to ensure the stability of railway engineers and technicians in
   high_altitude environments , the mechanism of accumulated fatigue on
   turnover tendency was explored . based on the theory of social cognition and
   the theory of individual_environment interaction , occupational well_being
   and emotional exhaustion were introduced as mediating and moderating
   variables of the relationship between accumulated fatigue and turnover
   propensity , and a moderated mediation model was constructed . firstly ,
   using the method of collecting data in stages , a questionnaire survey was
   conducted on 428 front_line technicians in the high_altitude construction
   area of the lanzhou_hezuo section of the xining_chengdu railway on a mature
   scale . secondly , on the basis of reliability and validity tests and
   correlation analysis , spss 26.0 was used to construct the regression
   equation for hypothesis testing and calculate the path coefficient . finally
   , the causal diagram and flow diagram of turnover propensity were
   constructed . the path coefficient and constant were used as system dynamics
   ( sd ) simulation parameters . the dynamic change process of accumulated
   fatigue and turnover tendency was simulated by vensim under the intervention
   of occupational well_being and emotional exhaustion . the results show that
   accumulation fatigue has a significant positive impact on turnover
   propensity . occupational well_being plays a mediating role in the influence
   of accumulated fatigue on turnover propensity . affective failure
   significantly moderated the two stages of the mediation process , and those
   with higher scores of affective failure significantly moderated its indirect
   effect . at the same time , the simulation results show that with the
   increase in the level of accumulated fatigue , the level of occupational
   well_being first decreases and then gradually stabilizes , and the level of
   turnover tendency increases first and then tends to stabilize under the
   intervention of occupational well_being and emotional exhaustion . the
   research results enrich the application of psychology in engineering
   practice . those can provide new ideas for the study of the turnover
   tendency of railway engineering and technical personnel in high_altitude
   areas , and have practical value for improving the management level of
   railway engineering projects in high_altitude areas . 2025 , central south
   university press . all rights reserved .
DE cumulative fatigue; high-altitude railroad engineering; occupational well-
   being; system dynamics; turnover intention
ID artificial intelligence; fatigue testing; industrial hygiene; railroad
   transportation; railroads; cumulative fatigue; high-altitude railroad
   engineering; occupational well-being; path coefficients; railway
   construction; railway engineering; system dynamics; technical personnel;
   turnover intentions; well-being; system theory

---

UT 58
AR Guo H/3, 2025, ENV SUSTAIN IND, V28, DOI 10.1016/j.indic.2025.100991
TI Early warning and prediction of water resources carrying capacity based on a
   System Dynamics Modeling Approach in the Shule River Basin, Northwest China
AU Guo H/3; Sun D/1; Wu L; Cui Y/1; Wang X/4; Ma Y/4; Shu H
TC 1
SO ENV SUSTAIN IND
PY 2025
AB water scarcity and ecological fragility have become prominent constraints on
   sustainable development in arid inland river basins . evaluating and
   forecasting the water resources carrying capacity ( wrcc ) is critical for
   achieving a balance between socioeconomic development and ecological
   conservation . this study constructs a comprehensive early warning framework
   for wrcc in the shule river basin , northwest china , integrating water
   resources , ecology , economy , and society into a multidimensional
   indicator system . a combined weighting method based on entropy weight and
   critic was employed to objectively determine indicator weights . the topsis
   model was used to assess wrcc levels from 2000 to 2022 . to provide dynamic
   predictions , a system dynamics ( sd ) model was developed in vensim ,
   simulating wrcc evolution under four scenarios : status quo , economic
   priority , environmental protection , and integrated coordination . control
   charts were used to establish early warning thresholds and classify wrcc
   levels . the results indicate that wrcc showed a you_shaped trend from 2000
   to 2022 , only decreasing in 2009 and then returning to a high load state by
   2022 . obstacle factor analysis identified key constraints in sewage
   treatment capacity , ecological water use , and economic water_use
   efficiency . forecasts show that the integrated and coordinated scenario
   produces the most favorable outcome , with wrcc reaching 0.627 b y 2035 ,
   demonstrating a balance between economic growth and ecological protection .
   the proposed early warning and simulation framework offers a practical and
   adaptable approach for wrcc assessment and management in arid regions . the
   results provide a scientific basis for regional water resource planning and
   policy formulation under the pressures of climate change and rapid
   development . 2025 the authors .
DE bearing capacity early warning; combination weight; early warning interval;
   system dynamics

---

UT 59
AR Ridwan A, 2024, AIP CONF PROC, V2891, DOI 10.1063/5.0201504
TI A system dynamics simulation approach of paving blocks production control: A
   case study of PT XYZ
AU Ridwan A; Trenggonowati DL; Azhar A; Remansyah I
TC 0
SO AIP CONF PROC
PY 2024
AB paving block is a composition of building materials made of a mixture of
   portland cement or other hydraulic adhesives , water and aggregates with or
   without other additives that do not reduce the quality of the concrete .
   developers or contractors have been using paving blocks as an alternative to
   cover or harden the soil surface . while the colorful ones have an
   additional function , namely as the esthetic value of an area . since the
   covid_19 pandemic hit the world , demand for paving blocks has decreased
   drastically in line with the cessation of development activities in
   indonesia . take a case study pt xyz , pt xyz is an pt that produces paving
   blocks located in lebak_banten . pt xyz is also one of the companies
   affected by the covid_19 pandemic . there are many unsold paving block
   stocks while production results are piling up . stock accumulation is the
   main problem in this research , so we suggest using the forecasting method
   where we will estimate demand in the next month based on the best
   forecasting method . after processing the data , we decided to use the
   simple exponential smoothing method ( alpha = 0.1 ) with the smallest mean
   absolute percentage error of 7.08 and forecast the next month at 1701 meters
   . after obtaining the january demand from the forecasting results , we will
   plan the order level using the smallest cost ratio between the period order
   quantity ( poq ) and economic order quality ( eoq ) methods . after that ,
   we got the best method , namely the eoq method of rp . 217,626,982.36. by
   ordering using eoq as many as 58 times , and purchasing in 1 order as many
   as 354 meters . after we determine the inventory , then we will simulate it
   into system modeling using powersim . where we will make the actual system ,
   proposed system 1 ( addition of eoq to the order ) , proposed system 2 (
   added eoq to the order and reduced 3 employees ) , proposed system 3 ( added
   eoq method to order , added 3 employees , and expanded the land to 4800
   meters ) . in our simulation , we get the best proposal the third proposal
   with an average profit per month is rp . 150,720,625.43 . 2024 author ( s )
   .

---

UT 60
AR Mauricio GAO, 2021, PROC LACCEI INT MULTI-CONF ENG EDUC TECHNOL, V2021-July,
   DOI 10.18687/LACCEI2021.1.1.260
TI Design of a system dynamics model to simulate the student population in
   Industrial Engineering programs.  Case study: Santo Tomas University.
   Bogota, Colombia; [Diseño de un modelo de dinámica de sistemas para simular
   la población estudiantil en programas de Ingeniería Industrial.  Caso de
   estudio: Universidad Santo Tomás.  Bogotá -Colombia]
AU Mauricio GAO; Elisa NR; Carolina GCA; Pompeyo LVW; Fernanda MMM
TC 0
SO PROC LACCEI INT MULTI-CONF ENG EDUC TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB the following research proposal has the main objective of designing a system
   dynamics model to simulate the student population in industrial engineering
   programs , simulating the student population toward the year 2025 . the
   proposed system dynamics model begins with the collection of statistics on
   the student population proposing a convenient sample which is the faculty of
   industrial engineering of the santo tomas university in the central
   headquarters ( bogota dc ) having variables such as the number of students
   enrolled , number of graduate students and the cases of dropouts between the
   years 2015 and 2020 . based on the population archetype , the causal diagram
   and the flow and variables diagram are proposed in order to carry out the
   corresponding simulation in the vensim software . through logical and
   mathematical equations , it is possible to find key data such as the dropout
   rate , the graduation rate and the entry rate to the system , which allowed
   the model to be executed with a start in 2020 until the final projection at
   the end of the year . year 2025 , in addition , the analysis of various
   scenarios generated by the software is carried out , which helps to measure
   the incidence of the variables within the model . it should be noted that
   this model is intended to be an aid in planning issues for the different
   engineering programs offered by universities . 2021 latin american and
   caribbean consortium of engineering institutions . all rights reserved .
DE causal diagram; flow diagram; simulation; system; systems dynamics

---

UT 61
AR Ali MF, 2022, AGRIC SYST, V202, DOI 10.1016/j.agsy.2022.103491
TI Using a participatory system dynamics modelling approach to inform the
   management of Malaysian rubber production
AU Ali MF; Sulong SH; Julius K; Smith C; Aziz AA
TC 9
SO AGRIC SYST
PY 2022
AB context : increasing rubber price volatility has adversely affected
   smallholders malaysia ' s primary rubber producers ' livelihood . this , in
   turn , has caused them to abandon rubber farming and led to the decline of
   malaysian rubber production over the last few decades . in this paper , a
   rubber production model was developed using a participatory system dynamics
   modeling approach , involving multiple key rubber industry stakeholders .
   objective : the study ' s objectives include : 1 ) to use the developed
   rubber production model to quantitatively assess the impact of interactions
   between key components of the rubber production system at the farm ,
   national , and global levels on rubber production . and 2 ) to test the
   effectiveness of existing and proposed plausible policy and management
   scenarios to improve rubber production . methods : we conducted structural ,
   behavioral patterns , and statistical tests to evaluate and validate the
   performance of the developed model . we simulated key variables including
   smallholder and national productions , and farm_gate , national and global
   prices for a 30_year period . the model is set_up with time unit of years
   and time step of 0.25 years , using the stella architect software . our
   analysis showed that the simulated outputs agreed well with the observed
   behavior of the system . a sensitivity analysis indicated the model is
   reliable and robust to uncertainties in the major parameters . five policy
   scenarios : ( 1 ) business as usual . ( 2 ) farm_level focused . ( 3 )
   national_level focused . ( 4 ) global_level focused . and ( 5 ) balanced
   were simulated to assess their impact on smallholder and national production
   , smallholder net revenue , and global , national and farm_gate rubber
   prices . results and conclusions : the results showed that the farm_level
   focused and balanced scenarios would significantly improve and double
   smallholder and malaysian rubber production . based on the scenarios
   analyzes , malaysian rubber production can be improved by ( 1 ) tightening
   rubber export restrictions at the global level . ( 2 ) increasing domestic
   rubber consumption and reducing rubber imports at the national level . ( 3 )
   increasing rubber production incentive . ( 4 ) improving collaboration
   between agencies and increasing resources available to extension and
   enforcement agents , and rubber production incentive campaigns . and ( 5 )
   finding additional income , through intercropping at the farm level for
   example . significance : the model is flexible , and other rubber producing
   countries with similar features and environmental and socioeconomic
   conditions can adapt the system dynamics simulation model to understand and
   evaluate the impact of policies that can improve the livelihood of
   smallholders . 2022 elsevier ltd
DE agricultural production causal loop diagrams; stakeholder participation;
   system dynamics modeling; systems thinking
ID rubber

---

UT 62
AR Gholami A, 2025, INT J KNOWL PROCESS STUD, V5, P89, DOI
   10.22034/kps.2024.476400.1199
TI Presenting the Management Accounting Model in the Digital Era with a Data-
   Oriented Approach in Vensim System
AU Gholami A; Khanmohamadi MH; Vakilifard H; Ranjbar M
TC 1
SO INT J KNOWL PROCESS STUD
PY 2025
AB the research aims to provide a management accounting model in the digital
   age with a data_oriented approach in vensim system . it was applied research
   and qualitative with the approach of grounded theory . the methodological
   approach was followed by using different methods of data collection , such
   as the method of library study and review of sources and specialized texts ,
   as well as semi_structured interviews . based on targeted sampling , 20
   managers and shareholders of the stock exchange and financial management
   experts were interviewed in 2023 . the conducted interviews were coded in
   atlas . ti software . in order to confirm the results obtained based on
   three classifications , the data were evaluated and qualitatively analyzed .
   based on the system dynamics method , mathematical modeling of the codes
   obtained from the qualitative analysis has been done . the analysis is based
   on simulated data and improved model in vensim software . the findings of
   the research were identified separately in five categories : causal ,
   background , intervention , strategy and consequences . a model was
   identified in 6 categories , 16 core codes based on 109 coders . causal
   conditions ( advancement of science and technology , changes in business
   conditions and management conditions ) , strategies ( education ,
   infrastructure , targeting of financial reporting and policy making ) ,
   consequences ( optimization of decision making , business prosperity and
   economic productivity ) , background conditions ( economic and political
   environment and accounting situation ) . and intervening conditions (
   negligence and neglect , cultural and social conditions , access to
   resources and environmental conditions ) are designed . in the digital era ,
   access to large and high_quality data has enabled more accurate analyzes .
   authors .
DE data-oriented; digital era; management accounting; vensim system

---

UT 63
AR Jiang J, 2021, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V647, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/647/1/012045
TI Research on life cycle cost control model of prefabricated building based on
   system dynamics
AU Jiang J; Sun S/1
TC 3
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2021
AB this paper takes bim as the platform and system dynamics as the research
   method , establishes the life cycle cost control model of prefabricated
   buildings , draws causality diagram and flow inventory diagram by vensim
   software , obtains the main influencing factors of assembly building cost
   control , and then gives the cost control measures . in this paper , bim ,
   prefabricated building and system dynamics are combined to study the cost
   control of prefabricated building from a new perspective , and reasonable
   suggestions are given to provide new ideas for promoting the development of
   prefabricated building in china . content from this work may be used under
   the terms of the creative commons attribution 3.0 license .
ID cost effectiveness; costs; energy resources; life cycle; prefabricated
   construction; system theory; building costs; causality diagrams; cost
   controls; life cycle costs; research methods; system dynamics; vensim
   softwares; architectural design

---

UT 64
AR Huang F, 2023, IEEE INT CONF TRANSP SAF ICTIS, P1784, DOI
   10.1109/ICTIS60134.2023.10243750
TI Navigation Risk Assessment of LNG Carrier in the Shanghai section of the
   Yangtze River
AU Huang F; Chen N; Xiong B
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF TRANSP SAF ICTIS
PY 2023
AB to ensure the navigation safety of lng carrier in the shanghai section of
   the yangtze river , the main risk factors affecting navigation were analyzed
   from the particularity of lng carrier and personnel , equipment , management
   , and environment . the system dynamics method was used to establish the
   navigation risk management model of the lng carrier in the shanghai section
   of the yangtze river , and the interaction relationship between various
   factors in the system was simulated with the help of vensim software , and
   effective management strategies were proposed for the key factors in each
   subsystem of the system . based on the results , fog , wind conditions ,
   tides and currents , traffic volume , accompanying tugboats , pilot behavior
   , vts monitoring , safety investment , and certification rate are key risk
   factors for lng carrier in the shanghai section of the yangtze river .
   strategies such as safeguard measures , strengthening vts monitoring ,
   paying attention to bad weather , reasonably arranging accompanying tugboats
   , formulating emergency plans for lng carrier , and improving pilot boarding
   and disembarkation procedures can effectively reduce the risk of lng carrier
   navigation in the shanghai section of the yangtze river . 2023 ieee .
DE lng carrier; navigational risk factors; risk assessment; system dynamics
   model
ID human resource management; navigation; risk management; rivers; safety
   engineering; system theory; tugboats; dynamic method; equipment management;
   lng carriers; navigation safety; navigational risk factor; risk factors;
   risks assessments; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; yangtze river;
   risk assessment

---

UT 65
AR Emami M, 2025, MED J ISLAM REPUB IRAN, V39, DOI 10.47176/mjiri.39.95
TI A Study Protocol for the Macro-analysis of Iran's Health System with System
   Dynamics Approach
AU Emami M; Haghdoost A; Yazdi-Feyzabadi V; Morasae EK; Mehrolhassani MH
TC 0
SO MED J ISLAM REPUB IRAN
PY 2025
AB background : the health system ( hs ) is characterized by its complexity and
   the interconnectivity of its various components , which can lead to
   unpredictable outcomes when faced with changes in the environment .
   understanding these interactions is crucial for effective management and
   improvement of the system . to navigate this complexity , this study
   emphasizes the importance of adopting a real_world perspective and utilizing
   system modeling techniques . these approaches allow for a thorough analysis
   of the current state of the hs and enable the testing of different policy
   alternatives to identify potential improvements . ultimately , the aim of
   the research is to pinpoint the key components and drivers within the hs .
   by modeling the dynamics of these elements , the study aims to provide
   insights that can inform better decision_making and enhance the overall
   effectiveness of health care delivery . methods : we designed a mixed
   methods study in 4 phases , consisting of sequential quantitative and
   qualitative analyzes . in the first phase , to create a comprehensive and
   holistic view , we will identify key variables and indicators in the hs
   within the framework of the balanced scorecard framework ( bsc ) , which
   includes population and population health . service delivery . financing .
   growth and development . and governance and leadership , through a review of
   documents and a scoping review . in the second and third phases of the study
   , using a foresight and systemic approach , expert opinions will be
   purposefully gathered through cross_impact analysis ( cia ) and scenario
   writing to identify key drivers and levers of iran ' s hs and obtain
   compatible future scenarios . finally , in the quantitative phase of the
   study , based on the outputs of the previous phases , a dynamic model of the
   hs will be designed in the vensim software , and the current situation along
   with other possible scenarios for the system will be examined for a period
   of 10 years . conclusion : it is anticipated that the results of this study
   could offer a methodological foundation for formulating the health component
   of the islamic republic of iran ' s economic , social , and cultural
   development plan , intended for use by the ministry of health , treatment ,
   and medical education . copyright iran university of medical sciences . this
   work has been published under cc by_nc_sa 4.0 license .
DE complexity analyzes; system dynamics analysis; systems analyzes; systems
   approach; systems thinking

---

UT 66
AR Zhang H/3, 2021, KNOWL MANAG RES PR, V19, P370, DOI
   10.1080/14778238.2020.1767521
TI Dynamic simulation research on the effect of resource heterogeneity on
   knowledge transfer in R&D alliances
AU Zhang H/3; Zhou M; Rao H; Zhou D/1
TC 17
SO KNOWL MANAG RES PR
PY 2021
AB this paper investigates the effect of resource heterogeneity on knowledge
   transfer in r and d alliances based on system dynamics method . based on
   literature review , we identify the factors that affect knowledge transfer
   in r and d alliances , and analyze the effect of the organizational and
   network resource heterogeneity on knowledge transfer in r and d alliances .
   on this basis , we use system dynamics method to analyze the causality of
   the effect of the organizational and network resource heterogeneities on
   knowledge transfer , establish the model of system flow chart , and use
   vensim ple software to perform simulation and sensitivity analyzes of the
   model . the results show that there is an inverted you_shaped relationship
   between the organizational resource heterogeneity and knowledge transfer and
   that network resource heterogeneity has a positive effect on knowledge
   transfer in r and d alliances . our research provides valuable insights into
   the exploitation of resource heterogeneity in r and d alliances to
   facilitate effective knowledge transfer . operational research society 2019
   .
DE knowledge transfer; network resource heterogeneity; organizational resource
   heterogeneity; r and d alliance; system dynamics

---

UT 67
AR Xiaoqing W, 2022, DATA ANAL KNOWL DISCOV, V6, P138, DOI
   10.11925/infotech.2096-3467.2021.0967
TI Simulating Dynamics Prediction with Collaborative Allocation System for
   Blockchain Resources: Case Study of Guangdong-HongKong-Macao Greater Bay
   Area
AU Xiaoqing W; Dong C/1
TC 1
SO DATA ANAL KNOWL DISCOV
PY 2022
AB [ objective ] this paper analyzes the interaction mechanism among key
   resource allocations in each blockchain , aiming to construct better
   regional economic blockchains and promote the coordinated economic
   development . [ methods ] based on the analysis of resource allocation
   elements in the blockchain and system dynamics theories and methods , we
   used the vensim system to simulate and analyze the related blockchain
   industries . [ results ] ( 1 ) sensitivity analysis showed : industry chain
   = capital chain > talent chain > innovation chain . ( ii ) in terms of
   industry chain , the year of 2030 is a key node . ( iii ) for capital chain
   , the years from 2021 to 2025 is the key time period . ( iv ) in the talent
   chain , the years from 2025 to 2035 is the key time period . ( v ) for
   innovation chain , the whole time is the key node . [ limitations ] more
   research is needed to improve the selection of influencing factors for the '
   ' five chains ' ' and examine their internal mechanism thoroughly . [
   conclusions ] the proposed method provides some guidance for predicting
   results of resource collaborative allocation . 2022 , chinese academy of
   sciences . all rights reserved .
DE collaborative resource allocation; correlation sensitivity; greater bay
   area; guangdong-hongkong-macao; system dynamics; vensim simulation
ID blockchain; regional planning; sensitivity analysis; system theory; bay
   areas; collaborative resource allocation; collaborative resources;
   correlation sensitivity; great bay area; guangdong-hongkong-macao; hong-
   kong; resources allocation; system dynamics; vensim simulation; resource
   allocation

---

UT 68
AR Wang Y/10, 2021, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V1303, P31, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-33-4572-0_5
TI Simulation and Prediction of 3E System in Shandong Province Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Wang Y/10; Liu X/3; Chang W; Ying M
TC 0
SO ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT
PY 2021
AB after more than a decade of rapid growth in the industrial economy , the
   energy and environmental systems are increasingly hindering the long_term
   stable development of the economic system , which forces local governments
   to optimize policy design and promote more coordinated development of the
   economy_energy_environment system . based on the theory of system dynamics ,
   this paper constructs the system dynamics model of shandong province ' s
   economy_energy_environment system , and discusses the optimal path for the
   coordinated development of shandong province ' s 3e system by means of
   vensim software simulation . 2021 , the editor ( s ) ( if applicable ) and
   the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer nature singapore pte
   ltd .
DE 3e system development; shandong province; simulation prediction; system
   dynamics
ID advanced analytics; big data; computer software; embedded systems; smart
   city; system theory; economic system; environment systems; environmental
   systems; local government; shandong province; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; vensim softwares; economic and social effects

---

UT 69
AR Jia Y, 2023, J IRRIG DRAIN, V42, P137, DOI 10.13522/j.cnki.ggps.2022461
TI Using System Dynamics to Improve Agricultural Water Use Efficiency in
   Qingtongxia Irrigation District; [基于系统动力学的青铜峡灌区农业用水效率调控研究]
AU Jia Y; Liu Z; Tang L
TC 0
SO J IRRIG DRAIN
PY 2023
AB objectiveqingtongxia irrigation district is one of the irrigation districts
   in northwestern china which rely on yellow river water for irrigation .
   using the water footprint concept , this paper proposes a system dynamic
   model to help improve agricultural water use efficiency in this district
   .methodblue and green water footprints of major crops in the district were
   calculated from their evapotranspiration and transpiration . a system
   dynamics model for agricultural water use efficiency was then established ,
   and the model was solved using the vensim software . resultirrigation water
   is the primary water source for agriculture in the district , forming a
   production water use pattern in which blue water is the main source and
   green water is a supplementary source . the blue and green water footprints
   vary oppositely in order to meet the demand of crops for water . on the
   premise to ensure constant blue water use for the crops , we selected the
   green water use coefficient and irrigation water use coefficient as
   parameters in the modeling . the model results show that increasing green
   water utilization coefficient from 0.7 to 0.8 can increase wheat production
   by 2.7105 t , rice production by 2105 t , and corn production by 5.5105 t .
   we also found that increasing the irrigation water utilization efficiency by
   10 can increase wheat production by 4.7105 t , rice production by 3.5105 t ,
   and corn production by 7.7105 t . collectively , increasing green water
   utilization coefficient and irrigation water utilization coefficient
   simultaneously can increase wheat production by 7.5105 t , rice production
   by 5.5105 t , and maize production by 1.32107 t .conclusionagricultural
   production in qingtongxia irrigation area should consider increasing
   utilization of green water and improving agricultural water use efficiency
   by improving engineering and non_engineering facilities to increase crop
   yields . 2023 journal of irrigation and drainage . all rights reserved .
DE agricultural water efficiency; qingtongxia irrigation district; system
   dynamics; water footprint; water use efficiency

---

UT 70
AR Hidayat T, 2022, ECON, V10, DOI 10.3390/economies10010006
TI Early Warning Early Action for the Banking Solvency Risk in the COVID-19
   Pandemic Era: A Case Study of Indonesia
AU Hidayat T; Masyita D; Nidar SR; Ahmad F; Syarif MAN
TC 4
SO ECON
PY 2022
AB the covid_19 pandemic has affected people ' s lives and increased the
   banking solvency risk . this research aimed to build an early warning and
   early action simulation model to mitigate the solvency risk using the system
   dynamics methodology and the powersim studio 10 software . the addition of
   an early action simulation updates the existing early warning model .
   through this model , the effect of policy design and options on potential
   solvency risks is known before implementation . the trials conducted at bank
   bri ( bbri ) and bank mandiri ( bmri ) showed that the model had the ability
   to provide an early warning of the potential increase in bank solvency risk
   when the loan restructuring policy is revoked . it also simulates the
   effectiveness of management ' s policy options to mitigate these risks .
   this research used publicly accessible banking data and analysis . bank
   management could also take advantage of this model through a
   self_stimulation facility developed in this study to accommodate their needs
   using the internal data . 2021 by the authors . licensee mdpi , basel ,
   switzerland .
DE banking sector; corporate insolvency; covid-19 outbreak; early warning early
   action; loan restructuring policy; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 71
AR Lagarda-Leyva EA, 2022, STUD SYST DECIS CONTROL, V435, P391, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-00856-6_18
TI System Dynamics and Graphical Interface for the Supply Process: A Case Study
   in a Regional Food Packing Company in Mexico
AU Lagarda-Leyva EA
TC 0
SO STUD SYST DECIS CONTROL
PY 2022
AB small businesses in mexico require practical data_driven solutions for
   decision_making . the following case study was conducted in a regional food
   packing and marketing company in southern sonora , mexico . the purpose of
   this organization was the sale and distribution of products belonging to the
   basic food basket . on the other hand , the object under study focuses on
   the supplied link of the supply chain , in which , after observing and
   performing an organizational analysis through the application of various
   tools , it was detected the existence of different problems in the inventory
   management of the organization , mainly due to the absence of inventory
   policies , lack of indicators and variation in demand , the objective was to
   develop a graphical interface to evaluate the performance of the supplied
   link of dry and cold products in different scenarios using system dynamics .
   to address this problem , it was decided to carry out an investigation into
   different sources of information regarding the implementation of system
   dynamics and inventory management . therefore , it was determined that the
   methodology to be followed would be system dynamics , which consists of the
   development of a simulation model of the supply process , in which , to
   complement it , the decision was made to incorporate sectors corresponding
   to the eoq model . finally , the graphical interface with the user was
   developed , in which the interested party can make modifications in the
   critical variables to observe the behavior of scenarios that would be
   generated in the face of different policies and thus support decision_making
   . the main conclusions are about the contributions on the use and
   application of system dynamics in situations where inventory policies must
   be considered to maintain the sufficiency of regional products in stock and
   satisfy consumer demand . 2022 , the author ( s ) , under exclusive license
   to springer nature switzerland ag .
DE computational algorithms; graphical interface; stella architect; supply
   chain; system dynamics

---

UT 72
AR Liu J/1, 2020, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V27, P37237, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-019-07107-5
TI An environmental assessment model of construction and demolition waste based
   on system dynamics: a case study in Guangzhou
AU Liu J/1; Liu Y/11; Wang X/10
TC 225
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2020
AB at present , china is in the rapid development stage of urbanization , and
   construction activities are becoming more frequent . this is accompanied by
   a large amount of construction and demolition waste ( c and dw ) , which
   raises many problems with its governance , such as occupying valuable land
   resources , causing air pollution , and consuming raw materials . in this
   study , taking guangzhou as an example , the system dynamics principle was
   used to establish an environmental assessment model of c and dw , and vensim
   software was used to simulate and analyze the environmental , economic , and
   social impacts of various disposal methods of c and dw . the results showed
   that ( 1 ) among all waste disposal methods , landfill disposal had the
   highest greenhouse gas emissions . it was estimated that the greenhouse gas
   emissions from landfill disposal will account for 75 % of the total
   emissions in 2030 , while the greenhouse gas emissions from recycling
   disposal will only account for 0.5 % . ( 2 ) the simulation results showed
   that , according to the current data , the land area occupied by waste
   landfills and illegal dumping in 2030 will be about 4.88 million m2 , and
   the economic loss caused by land loss and global warming will account for
   9.1 % of guangzhou ' s gdp in 2030 , which is equivalent to the national
   economy of a regional city with a less developed economy . ( 3 ) enhanced
   supervision could significantly reduce the amount of illegal dumping , but
   its effect on landfill disposal and recycling would be very limited .
   according to the results of the simulation analysis , some suggestions were
   put forward to improve the environmental , economic , and social impact of c
   and dw disposal in guangzhou . 2019 , springer_verlag gmbh germany , part of
   springer nature .
DE construction and demolition waste; environmental assessment; greenhouse gas
   emissions; system dynamics
ID china; cities; construction materials; refuse disposal; waste disposal
   facilities; waste management; china; guangdong; guangzhou; demolition;
   global warming; gross domestic product; landfill; recycling; waste disposal;
   building material; china; city; waste disposal; waste disposal facility;
   waste management

---

UT 73
AR Akinmoladun A, 2026, ENERGY, V11, DOI 10.1016/j.nxener.2026.100529
TI Comparative assessment of potential for plus-energy buildings: A case study
   of cities in North Dakota, United States
AU Akinmoladun A; Ajao A; Oni BA; Tomomewo O
TC 0
SO ENERGY
PY 2026
AB plus_energy buildings ( pebs ) are gaining importance in the pursuit of
   climate neutrality . the proportion of solar energy as a renewable energy
   source is also increasing . this article assesses the practicality of pebs
   and appropriate installation angles to ensure optimal performance of the
   photovoltaic ( pv ) panels in the cold climate of north dakota , united
   states . in the evaluated scenarios , with appropriate sizing of the pv and
   a reduction in energy consumption profile , the contribution ratios are
   above 1.0 , and a peb could be achieved in the study locations . the result
   shows that the annual amount of electrical demand covered by pv power output
   varies from 42 % to 67 % according to the seasonal variations of pv_load
   correlation . additionally , there was an annual energy autonomy of 40 % ,
   satisfactory load_matching indices , and approximately a 40 % decrease in
   global warming potentials . due to north dakota ' s lower levels of solar
   radiation , the building ' s energy balance is negative throughout the
   winter . this work highlights the significance of the system dynamics ( sd )
   approach in establishing the energy interaction between the building , grid
   , and pv modeling using local climatic conditions in vensim software . the
   study contributes to the literature by examining the adequacy of solar
   energy in cold climates and appropriate scenarios for building to achieve
   peb using an sd approach . finally , we present future research priorities
   to promote the adoption of pebs . 2026 the author ( s )
DE grid interaction; load matching; plus-energy district; plus-energy building

---

UT 74
AR Lei T/1, 2025, J SAF ENV, V25, P1880, DOI
   10.13637/j.issn.1009-6094.2024.1614
TI Identification of influencing factors on the emergency response capabilities
   of rescue organizations in natural disaster situations: an actor-network
   theory perspective; [面向自然灾害情境的救援组织应急能力影响因素识别方法-基于行动者网络理论视角]
AU Lei T/1; Hui X
TC 1
SO J SAF ENV
PY 2025
AB the primary objective of this paper is to identify the key factors
   influencing the enhancement of emergency capabilities in rescue
   organizations across various stages of earthquake response . additionally ,
   it aims to propose targeted strategies to improve the effectiveness of
   responses to multi_agent natural disasters . drawing on actor_network theory
   , the system dynamics method is employed in this study . initially , the
   system boundaries are defined , linking four key stages of emergency
   response_emergency response , personnel search and rescue , mass
   resettlement , and rehabilitation_to the formation , maintenance ,
   development , and reconstruction processes of the actor network . this
   framework allows for an analysis of the causal feedback relationships within
   rescue organizations in the context of natural disasters . secondly , a
   system dynamics model reflecting the emergency capabilities of rescue
   organizations is established . the corresponding parameters are set using
   the m6 . 2 earthquake in jishishan , gansu province as a case study .
   finally , vensim ple software is utilized to identify the key factors
   influencing the emergency capabilities of four types of actors : government
   departments , professional rescue teams , industry support units , and
   auxiliary rescue forces . the analysis aims to uncover effective strategies
   for enhancing their emergency response efficiency . the results indicate
   that the ' ' emergency capability of rescue organizations , ' ' viewed as a
   stock , exhibits a positive trend over time . however , there remains
   significant room for improvement in areas such as disaster assessment and
   personnel search and rescue operations . in the context of extreme climate
   events and overlapping natural disasters , infrastructure recovery is
   essential for enhancing the emergency capabilities of rescue organizations .
   within various stages of the rescue process , different actors require
   distinct capability indicators tailored to their specific roles . as the
   central actor in the rescue network , the earthquake relief headquarters
   must focus on the emergency capability indicators across multiple stages to
   ensure the stability of the network . overall , the potential for improving
   the emergency capabilities of rescue organizations diminishes across the
   areas of rehabilitation , emergency response , personnel search and rescue ,
   and mass resettlement . 2025 science china press . all rights reserved .
DE actor network theory; emergency capability; public safety; rescue
   organizations; system dynamics

---

UT 75
AR Wang W/1, 2021, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/2877467
TI Dynamic Modeling and Simulation of How Information Sharing Influences Supply
   Chain Performance
AU Wang W/1; Chi R
TC 3
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2021
AB with the growing intensity of cooperation , the partners in the
   manufacturing supply chain ( sc ) raise stricter requirements for
   information sharing ( is ) within the sc , which has been an effective
   capability to improve the performance of manufacturing sc . to reveal the
   influence of is on sc performance , this paper firstly carries out a
   theoretical analysis on the influencing factors of is , sc integration and
   sc performance , and builds a theoretical model of the is ' s impacting on
   sc performance . next , valid index data were obtained by investigating
   typical manufacturing enterprises in yangtze river delta region of china .
   then , according to the dynamics system flow of is influence on sc
   performance , the proposed theoretical model would be modeled from system
   dynamics and simulated by vensim ple software . the results show that is
   among manufacturing sc nodes enhances the sc performance via sc integration
   . when sc integration is suitable for is , sc performance will be improved
   as long as the is amount is greater than zero . however , excessive is would
   reduce the quality and weaken the amount of is . overall , the degree of is
   and sc integration are the key to better sc performance . this implies that
   how to improve is among sc partners is a very important thing in
   manufacturing sc management . and , it also enlightens that enterprise
   managers should pay attention to establish a high_level trust relationship
   with sc partners , achieve high_quality is with a wider range , and then
   promote the sc system more integrated to improve its operational performance
   . 2021 weibin wang and renyong chi .

---

UT 76
AR Wang N, 2025, WORLD ELECTR VEH J, V16, DOI 10.3390/wevj16030151
TI The Efficacy of the New Energy Vehicle Mandate Policy on Passenger Vehicle
   Market in China
AU Wang N; Li X/11; Yang X/1
TC 6
SO WORLD ELECTR VEH J
PY 2025
AB this paper aims to assess the impact of the new energy vehicle ( nev )
   mandate policy on the passenger vehicle market in china , with a focus on
   its effectiveness in promoting nev adoption . in response to global climate
   goals and energy security concerns , china has implemented various nev
   policies , including the phase_out of direct subsidies and the introduction
   of the nev mandate policy ( dual_credits policy ) . this policy , which
   combines nev credits and corporate average fuel consumption ( cafc ) credits
   , aims not only to promote nev adoption but also to support industrial
   policy objectives by helping the auto industry leapfrog traditional internal
   combustion engines and become globally competitive . in this study , a
   system dynamics ( sd ) model was developed using vensim software ( 10.2.2 )
   to simulate interactions between automakers , government policies , and
   consumer behaviors . the results show that the nev mandate policy
   significantly boosts nev sales , with projections indicating that nev sales
   will reach 15 million units by 2030 , accounting for 55 % of the passenger
   vehicle market . additionally , the study finds that tightening nev credits
   standards and increasing the nev credit proportion requirements can further
   enhance market growth , with stricter measures post_2023 being crucial to
   achieving a 50 % market share . in contrast , under a scenario where the
   dual_credits policy ends in 2024 , the nev market share would still grow but
   would fall short of the 50 % target by 2030 . the findings suggest that
   stronger policy measures will be essential to maintain long_term market
   momentum . 2025 by the authors .
DE automobile market; dual-credits policy; new energy vehicle mandate policy;
   policy impact; policy trend; system dynamics model
ID automotive industry; energy policy; energy security; automobile market;
   credit policy; dual credit policy; market share; new energy vehicle mandate
   policy; new energy vehicles; passengers vehicles; policy impact; policy
   trend; system dynamics modeling; system theory

---

UT 77
AR Mejia JAA, 2021, CONGR INT INNOV TENDENCIAS ING CONIITI - CONF PROC, DOI
   10.1109/CONIITI53815.2021.9619623
TI System Dynamics Model for the Sustainability of Educational Resources in
   Information and Communications Technologies
AU Mejia JAA; Nonsoque GML; Fernandez MB
TC 0
SO CONGR INT INNOV TENDENCIAS ING CONIITI - CONF PROC
PY 2021
AB in higher education institutions in colombia , requests for needs in the
   management of technology resources present flaws in the application of
   techniques . that project resources over time for decision_making in terms
   of functionality , operation , and inventory . therefore , this research is
   applied at the catholic university of colombia , which has the existence of
   technology of the information and communication ( for its acronym in english
   , ict ) resources infrastructure as tools to support education . in which
   there is the problem of not having a formal process of technological
   requirements . which generates incorrect requests by the coordinators of the
   ict resource divisions according to their criteria , without any
   standardized process that responds to immediate needs . for this reason ,
   the objective is to create a system dynamics model that simulates the
   population sustainability of ict educational resources , facing the needs of
   the student ' s population , based on the concepts of the forrester world as
   support for technological management . the research was developed under a
   correlational approach of the factors that affect the response and
   quasi_experimental variables , on the natural situation where the variables
   of importance can be controlled , and determine the characteristics on the
   effect obtained in the simulation techniques . through the literature review
   , records , physical and virtual documents of the university , a statistical
   study of the historical behavior is made . with the use of the ithink10.0.3
   software for academic purposes and the vensim application as a graphic tool
   , to obtain conclusions . results that present as a contribution to the
   literature in the field of heis , the use of techniques such as system
   dynamics , which helps decision_making and investment projection that is
   made in the development plans of endowment and resource management ict
   educational . 2021 ieee .
DE dynamic; education; hei; simulation; systems; technology; tic; university
ID application programs; education computing; engineering education;
   investments; sustainable development; system theory; colombia; decisions
   makings; educational resource; hei; information and communication
   technologies; simulation; system; system dynamics modeling; technology; tic;
   decision making

---

UT 78
AR Nooshiravani Y, 2022, HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION, V6, DOI
   10.18502/htaa.v6i3.12431
TI Measurement of the Satisfaction Level of the Country’s Pharmaceutical
   Industry with Suppliers of Raw Materials in This Industry Using System
   Dynamics
AU Nooshiravani Y; Bazai QA; Aligholi M
TC 0
SO HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION
PY 2022
AB background : the success of the supply chain can be summed up in the
   satisfaction level of business partners and customers , according to several
   diverse needs of each of the business partners in the studied supply chain ,
   including the country ' s pharmaceutical industry and suppliers of raw
   materials . methods : this study has attempted to investigate satisfaction
   according to the views under possible scenarios to improve satisfaction .
   the model presented in this regard to realize the main objective of this
   study is based on the principles of system dynamics , and vensim dss has
   been used for its design . results : according to the study results , it can
   be acknowledged that the satisfaction of each of the business partners with
   the supply chain is different from each other , and the best scenarios to
   improve the satisfaction include an improvement of 3 % in inventory
   management and a reduction by 5 % in rework and parallel work during the
   studied period . conclusions : under this scenario , the satisfaction of
   business partners in this regard will improve during the studied period , or
   in other words , the satisfaction of the parties will move optimally . 2021
   tehran university of medical sciences .
DE satisfaction; supply chain; system dynamics

---

UT 79
AR Ning J, 2024, ENERGY, V288, DOI 10.1016/j.energy.2023.129758
TI Analysis of the dynamic evolution process of the digital transformation of
   renewable energy enterprises based on the cooperative and evolutionary game
   model
AU Ning J; Xiong L
TC 71
SO ENERGY
PY 2024
AB based on the cooperative_evolutionary game model , this paper studies the
   dynamic evolution process of the digital transformation strategy selection
   of renewable energy power plants and renewable energy selling enterprises
   under government supervision . renewable energy power plants , renewable
   energy selling enterprises , and the government are taken as the game
   players . the shapley value based on the cooperation game distributes the
   cooperation benefits brought about by the digital transformation of
   enterprises and analyzes the dynamic evolution process of the strategy of
   the three_party game players based on evolutionary game theory . then ,
   based on the system dynamics model , anylogic and vensim software are used
   to simulate the cooperative evolutionary game model , and a sensitivity
   analysis of the key factors affecting the system stability is carried out .
   the results show that the ' ' digital transformation ' ' of renewable_energy
   power plants and renewable_energy selling enterprises will bring about
   cooperation benefits and promote their joint promotion of digital
   transformation . government incentives can accelerate the digital
   transformation of renewable energy companies . the increase in economic ,
   environmental , and social benefits brought about by the digital
   transformation of renewable energy enterprises promotes the speed of the
   digital transformation of renewable energy power plants and renewable energy
   selling enterprises . 2023 elsevier ltd
DE cooperative game; digital transformation; evolutionary game; renewable
   energy enterprises; system dynamics model
ID game theory; sensitivity analysis; system stability; system theory;
   cooperative game; digital transformation; dynamic evolution; evolution
   process; evolutionary game models; evolutionary games; renewable energies;
   renewable energy enterprise; renewable energy power; system dynamics
   modeling; alternative energy; digitization; energy market; game theory;
   incentive; power plant; sensitivity analysis; software; sales

---

UT 80
AR Castillo-Paz AA, 2024, PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL
   MANAG ARTIF INTELL ERA PROC, DOI 10.23919/PICMET64035.2024.10653023
TI A Case Study in Engineering Change Administration Operations in Serially
   Produced Vehicles: A System Dynamics Approach to Painted Body Current
   Product Operations
AU Castillo-Paz AA; Elizondo-Noriega A; Ramirez A; Emmett GL; Rouen J; Topp A;
   Linan R; Perez AS; Ceciliano-Meza JL; Pifial-Moctezurna JF
TC 2
SO PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL MANAG ARTIF INTELL ERA
   PROC
PY 2024
AB this research explores the dynamics of engineering change analysis ( eca )
   in painted body current product operations within the automotive industry ,
   employing a system dynamics model to evaluate the impact of engineering
   changes on error rates during car assembly . our study focuses on a luxury
   car production facility in mexico , analyzing how changes in body_in_white
   and painted body components affect downstream integration with other vehicle
   parts . utilizing vensim modeling , we simulate various engineering change
   scenarios to predict complications and assess process efficiency and error
   rates . key concepts such as quality coordination cost ( qcc ) , complexity
   index , and incorrect physical implementation ( inphyimp ) are introduced to
   provide frameworks for understanding the challenges and enhancing
   decision_making in eca operations . the findings underscore the critical
   role of properly coordinated engineering changes in minimizing production
   errors and ensuring seamless integration of new technologies into existing
   manufacturing processes . the model not only addresses immediate operational
   needs but also offers insights into improving strategic decision_making in
   eca operations by integrating advanced simulation techniques and considering
   the human factors involved in engineering changes . 2024 picmet .
ID automobile bodies; cost engineering; current; automotives; car assembly;
   case-studies; change analysis; engineering changes; error rate; product
   operations; system dynamics approach; system dynamics modeling; automotive
   industry

---

UT 81
AR Nozari H, 2021, WATER PR TECHNOL, V16, P196, DOI 10.2166/wpt.2020.109
TI System dynamics simulation of crop yield under different irrigation water
   quality and quantity
AU Nozari H; Azadi S
TC 2
SO WATER PR TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB agricultural products are one of the major sources of food for people in
   many countries . so , increasing crop yield is a major challenge for
   governments as increasing the population . on the other hand , agricultural
   improvement needs to take into consideration the type of land and water
   available . the decrease of water availability and soil salinity are two
   major limiting factors in sustainable agriculture in the arid and semiarid
   regions . in this study , the combined effect of salinity and water stress
   on crop yield was simulated by developing a computer model based on a system
   dynamics approach . model calibration and validation were performed using
   data collected from the abshar irrigation network located on the
   hydrological zayandehrud river . for each individual run of the model , two
   statistics were calculated : root mean square error and standard error . the
   averages of these indices were estimated as 2,777 kgha_1 and 0.07 for sugar
   beet yield , 0.026 and 0.09 for soil moisture and finally 0.54 dsm_1 and
   0.08 for salinity of the root zone , respectively . the result showed a good
   agreement between the simulation model and the actual data . therefore , the
   model can be calibrated and used to estimate the crop yield with reasonable
   accuracy . iwa publishing 2021 .
DE modeling; saline water; sugar beet; system dynamics approach; vensim
   software
ID agricultural robots; arid regions; crops; error statistics; irrigation; mean
   square error; soil moisture; sugar beets; system theory; water quality; arid
   and semi-arid regions; irrigation networks; irrigation water quality; model
   calibration and validation; root mean square errors; sustainable
   agriculture; system dynamics approach; system dynamics simulation; yield
   stress

---

UT 82
AR Zheng Y/4, 2021, PROCESS, V9, DOI 10.3390/pr9081398
TI Risk propagation of concentralized distribution logistics plan change in
   cruise construction
AU Zheng Y/4; Ke J; Wang H/5
TC 9
SO PROCESS
PY 2021
AB compared with the ordinary merchant ship building , the concentralized
   distribution in cruise building is more complex . plan change is a common
   phenomenon in cruise building , and it is easy to lead to mismatch between
   production and logistics , resulting in risks such as production schedule
   delay and inventory backlog . in order to reduce the adverse effects of plan
   change on the shipyard , it is necessary to conduct an in_depth study on the
   risks of a centralized distribution logistics plan . based on the analysis
   of the composition of the centralized distribution logistics planning system
   , risk factors in different plan links are identified in this paper . a
   system dynamic model is constructed to simulate the propagation of five
   basic types of planning risk , including procure_ment plan , warehousing
   plan , pallet concentralization plan , distribution plan and production plan
   . in the case study of hvac ( heating , ventilation and air conditioning )
   materials , the values of risk factors are estimated though consulting
   experts with questionnaire . the weight of each risk factor in each
   subsystem is calculated by a method combined with analytic hierarchy process
   and coeffi_cient of variation method . through the simulation experiments
   carried out in vensim , it is found that both inventory backlog risk and
   cruise construction schedule delay risk increase with the in_creasement of
   estimated values of risk factors , which is an effective proof of the
   rationality of the model , and that the most sensitive risk factor for both
   the two kinds of risk is production planning risk . 2021 by the authors .
   licensee mdpi , basel , switzerland .
DE concentralized distribution logistics; plan change; risk propagation; system
   dynamics

---

UT 83
AR Loo PS, 2026, LANCET REG HEAL -, V57, DOI 10.1016/j.lana.2026.101449
TI Hypertension management in São Paulo: insights from a computational
   simulation approach
AU Loo PS; Silveira M; Baxter YC; Avezum Á; Drager LF; Bortolotto LA; Boch J;
   Muñoz DC
TC 1
SO LANCET REG HEAL -
PY 2026
AB background : hypertension poses significant global health challenges ,
   especially in urban settings where systemic complexity exacerbates its
   burden . this study aimed to assess whether integrated intervention
   strategies , tested using a system dynamics model ( the simulator ) , can
   improve hypertension control and reduce cardiovascular disease ( cvd )
   events in sao paulo , brazil . methodsthe simulator was constructed in
   stella architect to project the intervention impacts on hypertension
   outcomes . it quantifies a causal loop diagram using sao paulo_specific data
   on hypertension prevalence , cascade of care , and cvd events over 20112045
   . validation comprised sensitivity and global sensitivity analyzes to assess
   uncertainty . findingsthe base scenario reflecting interventions introduced
   in 20182019 , showed improvements in screening and diagnosis compared to a
   no_intervention scenario . integrated interventions of patient engagement
   and health system improvements increased controlled cases by 41 % ( 95 % ui
   : 33 % to 47 % ) and reduced cvd events rates by 19 % ( ui : 29 % to 6 % )
   at 15 years . these interventions heightened diagnostic and treatment demand
   , highlighting the need for expanded healthcare capacity . expanding this
   capacity further increased controlled cases by 44 % ( ui : 37 % to 53 % )
   and reduced cvd events rates by 20 % ( ui : 31 % to 8 % ) . the most
   comprehensive scenario , incorporating prevention measures , achieved a 44 %
   increase in controlled cases ( ui : 36 % to 53 % ) and a 22 % reduction in
   cvd events rates ( ui : 32 % to 10 % ) , showing long_term impacts of
   prevention . interpretationa combined strategy that engages patients ,
   expands service capacity , and delays disease onset offers the greatest
   gains . it highlights the need to balance individual , systemic , and
   preventive approaches to reduce hypertension burdens in complex systems for
   health . future steps include institutionalizing the simulator within sao
   paulo ' s municipal strategies , and adapting it to other latin american
   cities , fostering region_wide , evidence_based planning . fundingthis study
   was funded by the novartis foundation . 2026 the author ( s ) . published by
   elsevier ltd . this is an open access article under the cc by_nc_nd license
   . http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by_nc_nd/4.0/
DE cardiovascular diseases; hypertension; policy testing; simulation; sao paulo

---

UT 84
AR Keyvanfar M, 2025, WATER SOIL MANAG MODEL, V5, P251, DOI
   10.22098/mmws.2024.15960.1505
TI Assessment of the water resources carrying capacity of Anzali wetland using
   a combined AHP-entropy weighting method and forward cloud model
AU Keyvanfar M; Janatrostami S; Ashrafzadeh A
TC 1
SO WATER SOIL MANAG MODEL
PY 2025
AB introduction for the sustainable development of the socio_economic economy ,
   water resources are not only an important limiting factor but also play an
   irreplaceable role as a ' ' carrier ' ' . ' ' carrying capacity ' ' is a
   term derived from ecology that refers to the limitation of the maximum
   number of individuals under specific environmental conditions . water
   resources carrying capacity ( wrcc ) is the support capacity of water
   resources for the livelihood of the region ' s population and socio_economic
   development . due to the differences in water resource systems ,
   socio_economic conditions , and ecological environmental settings in various
   regions and natural conditions , the assessment of wrcc does not follow a
   consistent pattern across different geographical areas , making the
   evaluation of wrcc a complex issue . the aim of assessing and analyzing wrcc
   is to determine the relationship between limited water resources and
   population , the environment , and economic development . wetlands play a
   pivotal role in sustainable development as a vital resource . with an
   increasing population and economic growth , the pressure on water resources
   is rising . the water resource carrying capacity is defined as the ability
   of a water system to support human activities . in this study , considering
   the significance of anzali wetland , which is being destroyed alongside the
   advancement of urbanization processes as part of the natural ecosystems ,
   the water resources carrying capacity of anzali wetland is being evaluated .
   materials and methods to evaluate the water resources carrying capacity ,
   the water resource system of the region was modeled using the system
   dynamics method and vensim software . based on the modeling results , eight
   evaluation indicators were population , water resources , re defined for
   each subsystem nd , with a total of 8 indices ned ahp_entropy method . in
   lts with the actual situation of er resources and consumption d
   environmental conditions of vided into four levels based on research . these
   levels are : i zy model and determining the membership degrees of the
   indices at each evaluation level and for each year , the water resources
   carrying capacity index of anzali wetland was calculated for different
   evaluation levels over a 10_year period . indicators from the water
   resources subsystem identified as the main obstacle factors in this regard .
   these constraints pose challenges to improving the wetland ' s capacity ,
   and the increase or decrease of these resources , especially under
   environmental and economic conditions , significantly influences the wetland
   ' s status conclusion the results showed that the wrcc of the wetland had a
   decreasing trend during the study period and had reached a supercritical
   state . the most important factors affecting the reduction in carrying
   capacity were identified as the shortage of surface and groundwater
   resources and the poor quality of water entering anzali wetland . the
   overall findings of the investigations indicate that anzali wetland has been
   in critical and super_critical conditions in recent years , highlighting the
   necessity for planning to improve its situation . considering the obstacle
   factors identified in this study , efforts can be directed toward planning
   and managing the wetland to move toward a more desirable state . author ( s
   ) .
DE anzali wetland; cloud model; combination weights; system dynamics; water
   resources

---

UT 85
AR Hosseinzadeh A, 2021, IRAN J MANAG STUD, V14, P291, DOI
   10.22059/IJMS.2020.295013.673905
TI Providing a system dynamics model to evaluate time, cost,and customer
   satisfaction in omni-channel distribution: A case study
AU Hosseinzadeh A; Esmaili H; Soltani R
TC 5
SO IRAN J MANAG STUD
PY 2021
AB the shopping experience in omni_channel distributions is influenced by the
   physical environment of the buyer , delivery time , and the cost of
   production to distribution of the goods which have a significant impact on
   customer loyalty and customer satisfaction . this study presents a system
   dynamics approach to identify the variables affecting the three aspects of
   customer satisfaction , cost , and delivery time , as well as the
   relationships among these variables in omni_channel distribution . by
   reviewing previous studies and expert opinions identifying important
   variables , followed by generating different scenarios in the vensim
   software , the optimal values of the important variables are estimated . it
   is observed that by approaching the values of the fourth scenario_increase
   in the amount of market competitiveness indices , customer referral rate ,
   marketing costs , technology etc . and decrease in the maintenance costs_the
   highest customer satisfaction and the lowest cost and delivery time can be
   achieved . 2021 iranian journal of management studies .
DE cost and delivery time; customer satisfaction; omni-channel distribution;
   system dynamics

---

UT 86
AR Bjelic IB, 2024, E-PRIME - ADV ELEC ENG ELEC ENERGY, V9, DOI
   10.1016/j.prime.2024.100713
TI Simulation-based optimization concept for integrated assessment models: Case
   study MEDEAS-world
AU Bjelic IB; Capellán-Pérez I; Rajakovic N
TC 2
SO E-PRIME - ADV ELEC ENG ELEC ENERGY
PY 2024
AB simulation based optimization concept has been so far presented at local and
   national energy systems planning levels . this method represents a
   systematic way of dealing with uncertainties and combinatorial complexity
   when using modeling tools of very large size with significant number of
   possible policy inputs , and could be useful to analyze policy
   recommendations in broader models integrating more dimensions than energy .
   for the first time , the concept is successfully demonstrated using a
   working integrated assessment model ( iam ) , although some attempts have
   been mentioned in literature previously . iams aim to link main features of
   society , economy and energy with the biosphere and atmosphere into one
   modeling framework . the concept has been demonstrated for the iam
   medeas_world using system dynamics platform vensim ( version 9.3.4 . ) for
   both simulation and optimization . for an optimization problem formulation ,
   12 decision variables are selected from numerous input model parameters ,
   the gross domestic product per capita has been selected for a goal function
   from simulation result as quantifiable policy objective , while for the
   constraint co2 emissions is selected as subject to binding targets . it is
   possible to compile the simulation code so that optimization running time is
   around 10 times shorter . preliminary results show that it is possible to
   implement richer optimization problems without significant increases in the
   running time using personal computers . the main contribution of this work
   is to prove the concept of simulation_based optimization by a demonstration
   within a working iam . this opens the way to promising future work to inform
   about optimal combinations of available policies within different storylines
   , as well as providing additional general understanding of the iam which
   could allow to improve the model . the original vensim code has been
   provided in the appendix . 2024
DE coupling; iam; optimization; simulation; vensim

---

UT 87
AR [Anonymous], 2023, ADV ANIM VET SCI, V11, P1209, DOI
   10.17582/journal.aavs/2023/11.7.1209.1217
TI Sustainable Feed Supply for Bali Cattle Breeding Center in Pulukan, Bali,
   Indonesia: A System Dynamics Modelling
TC 1
SO ADV ANIM VET SCI
PY 2023
AB this study aimed to simulate and determine the dynamics of feed supply under
   three scenarios at the bali cattle breeding center in pulukan , bali ,
   indonesia . the system dynamics approach were employed to develop the model
   , and pulukan data from 2019 to 2021 was used to validate the model . the
   data were analyzed using powersim academic version 10. the dynamic modeling
   consisted of three sub_models , i . e . , cattle population , forage
   production , and concentrate supplementation . the model predicted that the
   level of feed supply would increase as forage production was increased the
   cattle population was reduced and although concentrate supplementation was
   decreased . the simulations of three scenarios revealed that a combination
   of scenarios across the cattle_forage_concentrate nexus appears to be the
   most efficient in meeting answer to meet the standards for recommended
   nutrient intake . in conclusion , larger forage production rate and cattle
   distribution rate scenario returned the higher feedstock , which could
   supply 100 % of the needs for protein and energy , and 96.5 % for dry matter
   by 2029 . 2023 by the authors . licensee researcherslinks ltd , england , uk
   . this article is an open access article distributed under the terms and
   conditions of the creative commons attribution ( cc by ) license (
   https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ ) .
DE bali cattle; feed supply; forage production; sustainability agriculture
   policy; system dynamics

---

UT 88
AR Lu G-Y, 2022, J TRANSP ENG, V20, P150, DOI
   10.19961/j.cnki.1672-4747.2021.07.031
TI A Prediction and System Dynamics Simulation Study of Freight Demand of Sino-
   Europe International Railway; [中欧国际铁路货运需求预测及系统动力学仿真研究]
AU Lu G-Y; Tang Y-Y; Chen S/2
TC 3
SO J TRANSP ENG
PY 2022
AB the development of sino_europe international railway freight demand is
   affected by many factors . to clarify the influencing factors and their
   quantitative impact on the development of freight demand , the gray entropy
   method was used in this study to effectively screen the key factors strongly
   related to the demand for international railway freight between china and
   europe . we also analyzed the multiple feedback relationship among
   macro_economy_trade , freight supply and demand , and competition
   constraints between different transportation modes . a dynamic model of the
   sino_europe international railway freight system was constructed , and the
   vensim software was employed to simulate and study the differences in the
   impact of system variables on the fluctuation of freight demand . the
   simulation results show that the model predicts that the sino_europe
   international railway freight demand will exceed 70 million tons from 2023
   to 2025.the factor of ' ' competition of other modes of transportation ' '
   has the greatest influence on this value . improving the competitiveness of
   the sino_europe international railway freight is the key to ensure its
   demand . at present , it is not appropriate to quickly cancel the
   preferential tariff policies . the carrying capacity of china ' s border
   ports should be further improved . excessive investment on railway can also
   lead to imbalance in the development of a comprehensive sino_europe
   international transportation system and limit the growth of its total
   freight demand . in a future study , the impact of specific factors such as
   international freight rate , transportation timeliness , and overseas
   channel capacity can be further analyzed . 2022 southwest jiaotong
   university . all rights reserved .
DE demand forecast; international railway freight transportation; railway
   transportation; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 89
AR Liu J/1, 2022, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V29, P12614, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-15816-z
TI Risk sharing for PPP project in construction waste recycling industry in
   China
AU Liu J/1; Hua Z; Pang Y; Wang X/10
TC 22
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB with the deepening urbanization , urban renewal , and reconstruction
   movement in china , a large amount of construction waste has been generated
   . in order to ease the financial pressure on the government to deal with
   construction waste , introducing the ppp model in the construction waste
   recycling industry has become popular . based on the theory of system
   dynamics , this paper studies the risks of using the ppp model in
   construction waste recycling industry . first , a causal loop diagram was
   depicted according to the interaction of the main risk factors . then ,
   using the system dynamics software vensim , a dynamic model of the risks of
   the ppp project was constructed . the results show the following : ( 1 ) the
   ppp project in the construction waste recycling industry is profitable . ( 2
   ) for the ppp project in the construction waste recycling industry , the
   tendering risk will break out in 6~7 years , the greatest impact on
   tendering risk is the cooperation environment risk , where cooperation
   environment risk entropy is increased by 50 % and tendering risk entropy is
   increased by 53.66 % . ( 3 ) construction risks will break out in 7~8 years
   . the construction cost , construction delay , and design defects have the
   greatest impact on construction risks , where entropy is increased by 50 %
   and construction risk entropy is increased by 19.30 % , 19.25 % , and 19.08
   % , respectively . ( 4 ) the operational risk has not broken out in 10 years
   and is expected to break out in 10 to 20 years . raw material power supply ,
   production technology level , and operations management efficiency have the
   greatest impact on operational risk , where entropy is increased by 50 % and
   operational risk entropy is increased by 21.52 % , 20.84 % , and 20.76 % ,
   respectively . these results can provide suggestions and references for the
   risk management of ppp projects in china ' s construction waste recycling
   industry . 2021 , the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to
   springer_verlag gmbh germany , part of springer nature .
DE construction waste recycling; ppp ( public-private partnership ); risk;
   system dynamics
ID china; crustal recycling; government; industrial waste; reconstruction;
   recycling; spatiotemporal analysis

---

UT 90
AR Sait YCB, 2023, ECOL ENG ENV TECH, V24, P225, DOI 10.12912/27197050/174094
TI Analysis of the Phytoremediation Dynamic System of Lead in Mangrove Plants
   at the Wonorejo River Estuary, Surabaya, Indonesia
AU Sait YCB; Titah HS; Pratikno H
TC 1
SO ECOL ENG ENV TECH
PY 2023
AB lead ( pb ) is a non_essential heavy metal found as an inorganic pollutant
   in the water , sediment , and mangrove plant tissue in wonorejo river
   estuary . several studies showed that its concentration exceeds the quality
   standard stipulated in the indonesian government regulation number 22 of
   2021 and the epa sediment quality . moreover , the phytoremediation of pb
   through mangroves avicennia alba , rhizophora stylosa , sonneratia
   caseolaris , and avicennia marina at wonorejo river estuary was investigated
   . it was discovered that the environmental factors such as temperature , ph
   , and salinity as well as bioconcentration factor ( bcf ) and translocation
   factor ( tf ) values are different for each species . the dynamics of the pb
   phytoremediation system were also modeled using vensim ple x64 software to
   determine the effect of environmental factors such as temperature , ph ,
   salinity , bod and cod , as well as pb concentration on the ability of
   mangroves to accumulate and translocate pb . the results showed that a
   behavioral mechanism pattern was formed based on the relationship between
   the environmental factors , pb concentration , and the phytoremediation
   ability of the mangroves with time . this pattern affected the root and leaf
   bcf values of each mangrove . furthermore , the validation test showed that
   the model is structurally valid and has mape values for the pb
   phytoremediation model with s . caseolaris and r . stylosa having < 30 %
   while avicennia marina and a . alba had < 50 % . therefore , the model was
   categorized as fairly good with a valid forecast . the system dynamics
   predicted that the highest concentrations of pb in water , roots , and stems
   in 2041 were in r . stylose at 1,329,110 mg / l , 2,054,110 mg / kg , and
   3,393,950 mg / kg , respectively . the highest accumulation value in plant
   tissue was dominated by mangrove species of r . stylose . in conclusion ,
   the environmental parameter values at habitat of r . stylose were in good
   condition for the growth of the mangroves compared with other species of
   mangrove . 2023 , polskie towarzystwo inzynierii ekologicznej ( ptie ) . all
   rights reserved .
DE dynamic system; environmental factors; lead accumulation; vensim ple;
   wonorejo river mangroves

---

UT 91
AR Abraham M, 2022, AQUA WATER INFRASTRUCT ECOSYST SOC, V71, P975, DOI
   10.2166/aqua.2022.038
TI Simulation of chain of tanks to augment water supply: a case study from
   Tamil Nadu
AU Abraham M; Venugopal K; Arunkumar R; Pramada SK
TC 2
SO AQUA WATER INFRASTRUCT ECOSYST SOC
PY 2022
AB the application of system dynamics techniques is gaining significance and is
   much needed for an effective management of the depleting water resources in
   a dynamically complex region and considers it as the feedback from the
   system . the present study deals with the application of a system dynamic
   approach to simulate a chain of four tanks in the guduvanchery watershed ,
   tamil nadu , india . standard datadriven models can not be effectively used
   due to a lack of quality data for ungauged basins . vensim was used for the
   system dynamic simulation to assess water availability for the sustainable
   management of water resources . inflow into the four tanks , net losses in
   each tank , and crop water requirement were given as inputs into vensim .
   along with different models , an extensive field survey was carried out to
   quantify each input component . based on system dynamics simulation , only
   28 % of the total available water is used for irrigation and the rest is
   wasted due to evaporation , transition loss , and spill from the tanks . it
   was found that there was approximately 5.46 mcm of surface water available
   in the watershed , and it will be able to supply the domestic demand of the
   watershed of 0.672 mcm in addition to the irrigation requirement . 2022 the
   authors .
DE chain of tanks; hydrological modeling; nrcs model; runoff; simulation;
   vensim
ID india; tamil nadu; irrigation; surface waters; system theory; tanks (
   containers ); water management; water supply; case-studies; chain of tank;
   hydrological models; nrcs model; simulation; system dynamics simulation;
   system dynamics technique; tamil nadu; vensim; waters resources;
   hydrological modeling; runoff; simulation; spatiotemporal analysis; water
   resource; water supply; watershed; watersheds

---

UT 92
AR de Wit JA, 2026, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V40, DOI 10.1007/s11269-025-04393-2
TI Subsurface Irrigation in Regional Water Management: a System Dynamics
   Approach to Support Decision Making
AU de Wit JA; van Dam JC; Heijmans THH; van Huijgevoort MHJ; Ritsema CJ;
   Bartholomeus RP
TC 0
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2026
AB controlled drainage with subirrigation ( cdsi ) using surface water
   contributes to freshwater availability by recharging , retaining and
   discharging water . however , cdsi systems affect regional hydrological
   fluxes , which requires adequate regional planning and management . this
   study aims to ( i ) investigate to what extent regional upscaling of cdsi
   can be supported in relation to surface water availability , using a system
   dynamics model ( sdm ) and ( ii ) identify how an sdm can support decision
   making of water management authorities . an sdm was developed to simulate
   changes in hydrological fluxes and water levels resulting from cdsi
   upscaling from the local to the regional scale . an sdm was used as it is
   able to capture key non_linear feedbacks within the water system , such as
   those between ( i ) surface water and groundwater , ( ii ) groundwater and
   unsaturated zone , ( iii ) regional water supply and weir management . the
   model provides insight into changes in hydrological fluxes due to cdsi
   upscaling , without long computational times and the complexities of
   spatially distributed models . simulations show non_linear propagation of
   hydrological fluxes , where three phases can be identified for different
   degrees of upscaling : ( i ) sufficient surface water availability , ( ii )
   surface water availability decreases due to subirrigation , and ( iii )
   insufficient water availability due to overexploitation . these phases are
   related to regional and local water management strategies controlled by
   water management authorities and farmers , and to geohydrological
   characteristics . in conclusion , the sdm can support early_stage strategic
   planning on the feasibility of cdsi upscaling and facilitate discussions
   between stakeholders by efficiently visualizing and quantifying associated
   hydrological effects . the author ( s ) 2026 .
DE controlled-drainage; local scale; regional scale; subirrigation; system
   dynamics modeling; vensim; water management
ID drainage; economic and social effects; hydrology; recharging ( underground
   waters ); regional planning; spatial distribution; surface waters; system
   theory; controlled-drainage; decisions makings; local scale; nonlinear;
   regional scale; system dynamics modeling; upscaling; vensim; water
   availability; waters managements; decision support system; drainage;
   irrigation; modeling; upscaling; water availability; water flux; water
   management; decision making; subirrigation; water management

---

UT 93
AR Nie S, 2024, J CLEAN PROD, V452, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.142174
TI Deciphering stakeholder strategies in electric vehicle battery recycling:
   Insights from a tripartite evolutionary game and system dynamics
AU Nie S; Cai G; Huang Y/2; He J/1
TC 19
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2024
AB given that the global fleet of electric vehicles is expanding rapidly ,
   leading to a surge in demand for power batteries , the significance of
   battery recycling has come sharply into focus . in this paper , we develop a
   tripartite evolutionary game model coupled with a system dynamics simulation
   approach to analyze the behavioral mechanisms of stakeholders in electric
   vehicle battery recycling and to identify the key factors influencing their
   strategic transformations . the model involves three key stakeholders :
   local governments , battery cathode manufacturers , and battery pack
   manufacturers . through profit analysis and the formulation of a replicator
   dynamics system , coupled with the application of vensim for system dynamics
   modeling , we analyze the effects of ten crucial exogenous variables on
   stakeholder strategies . our research highlights the crucial role of
   government actions , such as subsidies and penalties , in directing
   corporate strategies . notably , excessively high subsidies ( over 2.1
   million chinese yuan ) lead to dependency among cathode manufacturers .
   market factors , including increased battery sales and the preference for
   low_carbon procurement by electric vehicle manufacturers , are shown to
   significantly motivate cathode manufacturers to adopt recycling strategies
   and encourage pack manufacturers to develop recyclable designs .
   additionally , the introduction of eu battery regulations and the
   integration of cathode manufacturers into carbon trading schemes have been
   identified as positive catalysts for strategic shifts , especially for
   cathode manufacturers , while exerting minimal influence on pack
   manufacturers . this paper elucidates the intricate interaction of the
   behavioral patterns and key motivators affecting stakeholder strategies in
   electric vehicle battery recycling . 2024 elsevier ltd
DE battery carbon footprint; electric vehicle battery recycling; eu battery
   regulation; evolutionary game analysis; subsidy policy; system dynamics
ID battery pack; cathodes; charging ( batteries ); electric vehicles;
   electronic waste; fleet operations; recycling; battery carbon; battery
   carbon footprint; battery recycling; electric vehicle batteries; electric
   vehicle battery recycling; eu battery regulation; evolutionary game analyze;
   evolutionary games; game analysis; subsidy policy; system dynamics; carbon
   footprint

---

UT 94
AR Lu J, 2024, BOAO POWER SYST INT FORUM - POWER SYST ENERGY TECHNOL INNOV
   FORUM NPSIF, P847, DOI 10.1109/NPSIF64134.2024.10883422
TI Optimization Model and Optimal Strategy Simulation Study of Electricity Cost
   for Industrial and Commercial Users under New Electricity Price Policy
AU Lu J
TC 0
SO BOAO POWER SYST INT FORUM - POWER SYST ENERGY TECHNOL INNOV FORUM NPSIF
PY 2024
AB based on the ' ' document no . 526 ' ' new electricity price policy issued
   by the national development and reform commission , an electricity cost
   estimation model for industrial and commercial users is constructed to
   analyze the optimal choice between single_system and two_part electricity
   pricing . by conducting critical value analysis and sensitivity testing ,
   the cost_benefit boundaries under different electricity usage conditions are
   determined . taking an actual industrial and commercial user as an example ,
   a simulation model is built using system dynamics theory and vensim software
   to verify the effectiveness of flexible electricity usage strategies in
   reducing enterprise electricity costs , providing strategic guidance for
   enterprises on rational electricity planning and cost saving under the new
   policy environment . 2024 ieee .
DE boundary conditions; electricity price and cost; modeling analysis; third
   regulatory cycle
ID commercial users; condition; electricity costs; electricity prices;
   electricity usage; industrial users; modeling analyzes; optimization models;
   price policy; third regulatory cycle

---

UT 95
AR Hu X-W, 2021, JIAOTONG YUNSHU XITONG GONGCHENG YU XINXI J TRANSP SYST ENG
   TECHNOL, V21, P244, DOI 10.16097/j.cnki.1009-6744.2021.06.028
TI Urban Transportation Emission Reduction Governance Strategies Under Peak
   Carbon Dioxide Emissions; [碳达峰下城市交通运输减排治理策略研究]
AU Hu X-W; Bao J-S; An S; Tang P-C
TC 18
SO JIAOTONG YUNSHU XITONG GONGCHENG YU XINXI J TRANSP SYST ENG TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB with the continuous acceleration of the process of urbanization and
   motorization in china , the carbon and pollution emission problem of the
   transportation industry has become more and more serious , which has become
   one of the main sources of carbon emissions . effective management of urban
   traffic emissions through policy measures is the key to achieving
   sustainable urban development and the peak carbon dioxide emissions before
   2030 . based on the analysis of the urban transportation system structure
   and the causal relationship of various elements , this paper divided the
   urban transportation energy consumption and emission system into seven
   subsystems : population , economy , private cars , public transportation ,
   logistics and freight transportation , transportation infrastructure ,
   energy consumption , and emissions , and used system dynamics method to
   establish an urban transportation emission reduction governance policy
   decision model , taking harbin as an example to conduct policy simulation .
   first , we established the causal diagram and stock_flow diagram , and
   performed equation setting , parameter estimation , and validity test on the
   model , then we used vensim software to simulate the effects of different
   policies , finally , we discussed how to adopt different policies to achieve
   the target of urban transportation peak carbon dioxide emissions , so as to
   provide decision_making basis and strategic plan for urban transportation
   emission reduction governance . copyright 2021 by science press .
DE emission reduction governance; peak carbon dioxide emissions; strategy
   simulation; system dynamics; urban traffic
ID carbon dioxide; decision making; energy utilization; freight transportation;
   global warming; public policy; software testing; system theory; urban
   growth; urban transportation; carbon dioxide emissions; carbon emissions;
   emission reduction; emission reduction governance; energy emissions; peak
   carbon dioxide emission; pollution emissions; strategy simulation;
   transportation industry; urban traffic; emission control

---

UT 96
AR Zhu X/1, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P761, DOI 10.1145/3656766.3656893
TI Evolutionary game research of safety production supervision of chemical
   enterprises
AU Zhu X/1; Zhang M/5; Liu T
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB the safety supervision of chemical parks involves multiple entities ,
   including regulatory authorities and various enterprises . under the same
   regulatory conditions , the interests of each entity are different , which
   poses challenges to the determination of regulatory policies . a penalty
   coefficient is introduced to analyze the dynamic evolutionary process .
   based on system dynamics , an analytical model of game evolution processes
   under static and dynamic penalty strategies is established , and dynamic
   simulation analysis is conducted using vensim . the results show that the
   use of dynamic penalty strategies in supervision can effectively control the
   risks caused by the volatility of strategy selection . the government can
   reasonably match dynamic and static penalty strategies in supervision , in
   order to help regulatory authorities propose solutions and ensure the
   internal safety of chemical parks . 2023 acm .
DE chemical park; evolutionary game theory; punishment strategy; safety
   supervision; system dynamics
ID system theory; chemical park; evolutionary game theory; evolutionary games;
   game research; penalty strategy; punishment strategy; regulatory
   authorities; safety production; safety supervision; system dynamics; game
   theory

---

UT 97
AR Zheng Z, 2025, KANG T'IEH, V60, P205, DOI
   10.13228/j.boyuan.issn0449-749x.20240682
TI System dynamic laws and regulation methods of "one ladle from BF to BOF"
   mode at iron and steel interface
AU Zheng Z; Yang Z; Yang Y/4; Wang Y/14; Gao X/1
TC 1
SO KANG T'IEH
PY 2025
AB : the ' ' one ladle from bf to bof mode ' ' , as an innovative interface
   technology adopted by long_process steel enterprises , demonstrates
   significant advantages in optimizing operations , particularly in enhancing
   ladle turnover rates and reducing temperature drops during iron transport
   processes . to fully leverage the technical advantages of this mode and
   facilitate the transformation of steel enterprises toward high_efficiency
   and low_carbon operation control , the system dynamics operation law of the
   ' ' one ladle from bf to bof ' ' mode was investigated based on
   metallurgical process engineering and system dynamics theory . through
   systematic analysis , dynamic control methods for timely adjustment of iron
   ladle operations , both online and offline , were elucidated . by analyzing
   thrust and tension sources at the iron_steel interface using metallurgical
   process engineering , the fundamental operating characteristics of ferrous
   material flow were identified . system dynamics methodology was employed to
   establish causal relationships between main state variables and decision
   variables at the interface , constructing a comprehensive system dynamics
   model for ferrous material flow operation . this model clarified dynamic
   level equations of the interface system and formulates calculation formulas
   for input and output rate equations . under the ' ' one ladle from bf to bof
   ' ' paradigm , a model for the iron and steel packet turnover process was
   established . quantitative analysis of dynamic characteristics was conducted
   using actual production data from an interface comprising 3 large blast
   furnaces and 2 steel plants . the results demonstrate that the system
   dynamics model effectively captures the influence of production rhythm
   changes in blast furnaces and steel plants on system operation status
   through input and output rate variations of ferrous material flow .
   furthermore , the number of iron ladles accurately reflects the system ' s
   operational patterns in practical production scenarios . utilizing vensim
   dynamic system simulation software , a dynamic ladle adjustment strategy
   based on material flow rate matching was proposed , enabling real_time
   regulation of ladle quantities according to rate differences between iron
   and steel sides . theoretical support for optimizing the operation mechanism
   of iron_steel interfaces is provided by this research , and decision_making
   guidance for production operation optimization in steel enterprises is
   offered . 2025 , chinese society of metals . all rights reserved .
DE one ladle from bf to bof mode; control methods; iron and steel interface;
   material flow; metallurgical process engineering; operating laws; system
   dynamics
ID behavioral research; computer software; control theory; decision making;
   decision theory; dynamics; interface states; interfaces ( materials ); iron
   analysis; iron and steel plants; iron research; ladle metallurgy; process
   control; process engineering; steelmaking; system theory; one ladle from bf
   to bof mode; control methods; iron and steel; iron and steel interface;
   material flow; metallurgical process engineering; operating law; steel
   enterprise; steel interfaces; system dynamics

---

UT 98
AR Haiyirete X, 2024, SYST, V12, DOI 10.3390/systems12080315
TI Research on Safety Decision-Making Behavior in Megaprojects
AU Haiyirete X; Gan X; Wang J/2
TC 3
SO SYST
PY 2024
AB this research takes the construction companies and supervision units of
   megaprojects as the research objects and studies safety issues in
   construction decision_making for megaprojects . using evolutionary game
   theory , we construct an evolutionary game model of safety decision_making
   behavior for construction companies and supervision units based on the
   bounded rationality assumption . the interaction and dynamic patterns of
   safety behaviors between the two construction entities are analyzed .
   additionally , system dynamics vensim ple 10.2.1 software is employed to
   simulate and analyze the behavior of single entities as well as the impact
   of exogenous variables on the safety decision_making choices of both units .
   the research results indicate that positive choices in safety behavior
   decision_making contribute to enhancing the stability of megaproject
   construction . exogenous variables significantly influence the safety
   behavior decisions of both the construction companies and the supervision
   units in megaprojects . an increase in cooperation benefits between the two
   parties fosters their active collaboration in completing mega engineering
   projects . this research promotes cooperation between construction companies
   and supervision units during a construction process and provides a reference
   for the safe and orderly implementation and development of megaprojects .
   2024 by the authors .
DE construction safety decision making; evolutionary game; megaprojects;
   systems dynamics

---

UT 99
AR Wang C/2, 2026, J SYST SCI, V14, P92, DOI 10.12012/JSSI-2025-0009
TI Towards a More Resilient and Cost-efficient Fresh Agri-food Supply Chain: A
   Collaborative Optimization via System Dynamics Methodology
AU Wang C/2; Liu Y/7; Li Y/10; Yuan L; Liu L/5
TC 0
SO J SYST SCI
PY 2026
AB in recent years , extreme weather events and pest / disease issues have made
   the resilience of the agri_food supply chain a focus of social concern .
   enterprises typically adopt two primary strategies to enhance the supply
   chain ' s resilience , namely maintaining high inventory levels and
   improving logistics timeliness . the former , particularly through the
   implementation of the safety stock strategy , appears more feasible in the
   short term but incurs significant costs , especially for agri_food .
   therefore , striking a balance between resilience and cost efficiency is
   essential . this paper proposes a system dynamics model to collaboratively
   optimize resilience and holding costs in a three_level agri_food supply
   chain . using demand fulfillment rate as a resilience indicator , six
   simulation scenarios with varying inventory and transportation time
   configurations are designed . the dynamic impacts of these factors on both
   costs and resilience are analyzed . optimization is performed using the
   powell hill climbing algorithm in vensim dss to adjust the safety stock
   strategy . results show that : reducing distributors ' transport time
   enhances resilience more , but at higher costs . increasing the inventory
   levels of retailers and distributors is more effective in improving
   resilience , though also accompanied by increased costs . collaborative
   optimization among supply chain members can maximize both resilience and
   cost efficiency . 2026 science china press . all rights reserved .
DE collaborative optimization; fresh agri-food; holding costs; supply chain
   resilience; system dynamics

---

UT 100
AR Jin S, 2025, NANKAI BUS REV INT, DOI 10.1108/NBRI-07-2024-0070
TI Forward knowledge transfer from Chinese parent corporations to African
   affiliates from the perspective of transfer context: a system dynamics
   approach
AU Jin S; Zhang Y/12; Wang C
TC 0
SO NANKAI BUS REV INT
PY 2025
AB purpose the purpose of this study is to analyze and explore in depth the
   impact of transfer context factors on forward knowledge transfer from
   chinese parent corporations to african affiliates , aiming to enhance the
   efficacy of chinese parent corporations ' forward knowledge transfer to
   african affiliates from a transfer context perspective , and encourage the
   outstanding advancement of chinaafrica collaboration . design / methodology
   / approach this study established a forward knowledge transfer model for
   chinese parent corporations to african affiliates from a transfer context
   perspective . furthermore , a causal loop graph and system stock_flow chart
   based on the model were drawn using the system dynamics approach .
   subsequently , the constructed sd model was subjected to simulation analyzes
   and sensitivity tests using the vensim v7.3.5 application . findings the
   results of this study indicate that the transfer contexts have a bearing on
   chinese parent corporations ' forward knowledge transfer to african
   affiliates . at the macro level , cultural and institutional distances , and
   at the micro level , geographical and organizational distances are
   unfavorable to chinese parent corporations ' forward knowledge transfer to
   african affiliates . however , relationship strength and knowledge
   similarity are advantageous at the micro level . originality / value first ,
   the knowledge transfer contexts are classified into macro and micro
   dimensions , and the impacts of these dimensions on the relatively
   under_researched forward knowledge transfer from chinese parent corporations
   to african affiliates are explored . second , based on the sd approach , a
   complex , nonlinear and dynamically evolving forward knowledge transfer
   model is constructed , through which the circular feedback relationships
   among variables and the time_lag effects of knowledge transfer behaviors are
   clearly revealed . third , profound insights into the significance of
   context factors in knowledge transfer cooperation are provided for chinese
   and african enterprise managers , helping them devise strategies to enhance
   knowledge transfer effectiveness . 2025 emerald publishing limited
DE african affiliate; chinese parent corporation; knowledge transfer; system
   dynamics; transfer context

---

UT 101
AR [Anonymous], 2025, J GLOB INNOV AGRIC SCI, V13, P509, DOI
   10.22194/JGIAS/25.1563
TI A System Dynamics Approach to Corn Production in indonesia: Causal Loop
   Diagram
TC 1
SO J GLOB INNOV AGRIC SCI
PY 2025
AB this study investigates the challenges facing corn production in indonesia ,
   using a system dynamics approach to address its role in national food
   security . the research focuses on declining domestic corn production ,
   increasing reliance on imports , and limited market availability , all of
   which pose significant risks to food security . the study ' s primary
   objective is to analyze strategies for improving corn production ,
   emphasizing harvested area expansion , productivity enhancements , and their
   combined effects . time series data from 1980 to 2019 were sourced from the
   central bureau of statistics ( bps ) , the ministry of agriculture , the
   ministry of trade , and the food and agriculture organization ( fao ) . a
   quantitative descriptive approach was employed , utilizing system dynamics
   modeling_comprising input_output analysis and causal loop diagrams_to
   simulate key factors influencing corn production . model verification was
   conducted using the mean absolute percentage error ( mape ) method , and
   simulations were performed with powersim software to project future outcomes
   . the results indicate that without strategic interventions ( scenario 1 ) ,
   corn production is projected to decline to 31,863,838 tons by 2040 , with
   productivity at 4.8 tons / ha , well below the potential 8 tons / ha .
   scenario 2 , which focuses on expanding harvested area by 3.5 % per year
   while limiting land conversion , shows considerable potential if supported
   by sound management and policies . scenario 3 aims to increase productivity
   to 5.87 tons / ha through advanced agricultural practices , with projected
   production reaching 44,761,157 tons by 2040 . the combined strategy of area
   expansion and productivity improvement ( scenario 4 ) could result in corn
   availability of 15,063,006 tons by 2040 . the study concludes that with
   proper government support , including the formation of farmer institutions ,
   technical and financial assistance , and stronger partnerships between
   farmers and industry , indonesia can significantly boost its corn production
   and enhance national food security . 2025 society for innovative agriculture
   , university of agriculture . all rights reserved .
DE agricultural productivity; causal loop diagram; corn production; national
   food security; system dynamics

---

UT 102
AR Li S/3, 2025, PROC ACM IEEE JT CONF DIGIT LIBR, DOI 10.1145/3677389.3703184
TI Research on the Motivation of User Participation in Value Co-creation of
   Library Smart Services
AU Li S/3; Yuan J; Mao X
TC 0
SO PROC ACM IEEE JT CONF DIGIT LIBR
PY 2025
AB to comprehensively explore the driving forces behind users participation in
   value co_creation of smart library services , this study draws on theories
   of value co_creation , behavioral dynamics , and system dynamics . user
   participation motivations are analyzed from the aspects of primary
   motivation , internal motivation and external motivation , and the system
   dynamics model is constructed . then the software vensimple is adopted to
   conduct simulation analysis , and identify key motivations and the
   underlying mechanisms of user participation in the value co_creation of
   library smart services . 2024 copyright held by the owner / author ( s ) .
DE library smart service; system dynamics; user motivation; user participation;
   value co-creation
ID behavioral dynamics; behavioral systems; driving forces; library services;
   library smart service; smart services; system dynamics; user motivation;
   user participation; value co creations; system theory

---

UT 103
AR Guo Q, 2024, J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY, V16, DOI 10.1063/5.0202427
TI Influence of the development of solar photovoltaic industry on the
   relationship between supply and demand of key minerals in China
AU Guo Q; Wu K
TC 5
SO J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY
PY 2024
AB the importance of mineral resources can not be ignored in the country ' s
   economic and social development and is of vital significance in securing
   china ' s continued economic and social prosperity . against the backdrop of
   the country ' s active promotion of the clean energy industry , the booming
   development of the photovoltaic industry has triggered a growing demand for
   its key raw materials , especially important metallic minerals . based on
   the system dynamics theory , the article uses vensim to construct a
   photovoltaic cell_key metal mineral simulation model to analyze the
   development of china ' s photovoltaic industry in depth and focuses on its
   far_reaching impact on the supply and demand relationship of key minerals .
   the results of the study show that ( 1 ) china ' s photovoltaic cells show
   strong growth . ( 2 ) recycling and technology substitution can
   significantly reduce the risk of copper and aluminum supply and demand
   imbalance . and ( 3 ) technology substitution is more effective than
   recycling in reducing the supply and demand imbalance of copper and aluminum
   . based on the above_mentioned findings , the article puts forward
   corresponding policy recommendations . 2024 author ( s ) .
ID aluminum; copper; economics; mineral resources; photoelectrochemical cells;
   solar power generation; clean energy; dynamics theory; economic and social
   development; energy industry; growing demand; metallic mineral; photovoltaic
   industry; solar photovoltaics; system dynamics; technology substitution;
   minerals

---

UT 104
AR Huiping Z, 2021, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/2493380
TI Research on the Differential Mechanisms of Knowledge Cross-Border Searching
   on Firms' Dual Innovation in the Digital Context: Based on Simulation of
   System Dynamics Model
AU Huiping Z; Yuxin Y
TC 4
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2021
AB acquiring and combining heterogeneous knowledge resources across
   organizational boundaries are an important path for the success of
   enterprises ' innovation . from the perspective of the relation attributes
   between knowledge elements , this paper divides knowledge cross_border
   searching into two types : domain knowledge searching and architectural
   knowledge coupling searching . then , we construct a system dynamics model
   and use vensim ple software to carry out simulation analysis to explore the
   differential mechanisms of knowledge cross_border searching influence firms
   ' dual innovation in the context of digital transformation . the analysis
   results show that domain knowledge searching positively affects firms '
   iterative innovation , while there is an inverted you_shaped relationship
   between architectural knowledge searching and firms ' disruptive innovation
   , indicating that different types of knowledge cross_border searching have
   differential effects on firms ' dual innovation . the simulation results
   also address that digital resources can promote enterprises ' dual
   innovation in the process of knowledge cross_border searching . the research
   results reveal that the internal laws of knowledge cross_border searching
   affect enterprises ' dual innovation in the context of digital
   transformation and provide a theoretical reference for enterprises to
   effectively use digital technology to adopt knowledge searching activities .
   2021 zhou huiping and yang yuxin .

---

UT 105
AR Bai L-B, 2021, ZONGGUO GONGLU XUEBAO, V34, P203, DOI
   10.19721/j.cnki.1001-7372.2021.09.017
TI Prevention Strategy of Highway Project Portfolio Construction Schedule Risk;
   [公路工程项目组合施工进度风险防范策略]
AU Bai L-B; Zhang L-Y; Sun Y-C; Yang Q; Qin X-L
TC 4
SO ZONGGUO GONGLU XUEBAO
PY 2021
AB to reduce the risk in the aspect of highway project portfolio construction ,
   this paper put forward strategies for highway project portfolio construction
   schedule risks considering the interactive relationships between risks .
   firstly , a three_level indicator system of highway project portfolio
   construction schedule risks was established through literature review and
   supplement by experts . secondly , the interactions between risk indicators
   were analyzed by using analytic network process . the wights of risk
   indicators were determined with super decision software . finally , the
   assessment model for highway project portfolio construction risks was
   established using system dynamics . after verification of the effectiveness
   of the model , the risk level of construction risk was simulated using
   vensim software . on this basis , to reduce the schedule risk of highway
   project portfolio construction , this paper comprehensively considered the
   impact of the risks and the degree of risk interactions to improve the
   traditional ' ' probability_loss ' ' risk matrix . and the effectiveness of
   different strategies was stimulated , then a prevention strategy set was put
   forward . results show that the interactions between risks can cause rise in
   schedule risks of highway project portfolio construction throughout
   construction phase , and it is necessary to control risks . after adopting
   single risk prevention strategies , the overall construction schedule risk
   is lower . however , the degree of the decline of the risk is not
   significant , only ranging from 0.13 % to 10.12 % . after adopting combined
   risk prevention strategies , the decline of construction schedule risk has
   significantly increased , ranging from 10.45 % to 17.42 % . the results
   clarify the interactions between highway project portfolio construction
   schedule risks , verify the effectiveness of the risk prevention strategies
   , and provide a basis for solving schedule risk prevention problems of the
   highway project portfolio construction . 2021 , editorial department of
   china journal of highway and transport . all right reserved .
DE construction schedule; prevention strategy; project portfolio; risk
   interaction; road engineering; system dynamics
ID system theory; verification; construction risks; construction schedules;
   forward strategy; highway projects; prevention strategies; project
   portfolio; risk indicators; risk interaction; risk prevention; road
   engineering; risk assessment

---

UT 106
AR Xie R, 2023, MANAG DECIS, V61, P2050, DOI 10.1108/MD-06-2022-0767
TI Online knowledge sharing in blockchains: towards increasing participation
AU Xie R; Zhang W/2
TC 12
SO MANAG DECIS
PY 2023
AB purpose : this paper aims to propose a system dynamics model of blockchain
   online community knowledge sharing , with the following goals : to reveal
   the internal mechanism of blockchain technology on community knowledge
   sharing . to show the impact of blockchain technology on knowledge sharing .
   and to promote knowledge sharing and the self_development of blockchain
   online communities . design / methodology / approach : based on the core
   characteristic factors of blockchain technology , including incentive
   mechanism , trust mechanism , information protection mechanism , etc . , a
   knowledge sharing analysis framework is established . through the use of the
   vensim ple ( personal learning version ) software , according to the steps
   of ' ' putting forward a dynamic hypothesis ' ' , ' ' establishing a system
   dynamic equations ' ' , and then ' ' model testing ' ' and ' ' simulation '
   ' , the article analyzes in depth the process and extent of the impact of
   the above features on online community knowledge sharing . findings : the
   results show that the blockchain incentive mechanism , trust mechanism and
   information protection mechanism all contribute to promoting an increase in
   the number of community knowledge sharing users , as well as in the total
   amount of knowledge shared . the results also show that the token reward in
   the incentive mechanism has in fact a higher degree of influence than the
   trust and information protection mechanisms . originality / value : at
   present , no research on the internal mechanism of knowledge sharing in
   blockchain online communities has been carried out . this article plays a
   complementary role in research in this field , and offers significant
   guidance for promoting online community knowledge management and online
   community development . 2023 , emerald publishing limited .
DE blockchain; incentive mechanism; information protection mechanism; knowledge
   sharing; system dynamics model; trust mechanism

---

UT 107
AR [Anonymous], 2022, HELIYON, V8, DOI 10.1016/j.heliyon.2022.e09993
TI Analysis of informal waste management using system dynamic modelling
TC 42
SO HELIYON
PY 2022
AB the informal sector is the backbone for sustainable waste management in a
   high population density country such as india . moreover , the operations of
   the value chain of informal waste management provide direct or indirect
   benefits for the environment and human resource development . unfortunately
   this sector has always been regarded as a fraudulent activity that sustains
   without paying taxes , creates unjust competition , and weakens unions and
   the regulatory structure of the government . these perceptions often lead
   india to pursue a policy that intentionally or inadvertently amounts to
   retributive measures . however , the alarming increase in the rate of waste
   generation has coerced the governments of several countries to incorporate
   the indispensable informal sector in their policy initiatives . accordingly
   , this paper presents a pioneering system dynamics based model ( using
   stella architect software ) to analyze the impact of the recent policies and
   decision strategies on the effectiveness of the informal waste management
   sector . the paper explores the case of delhi , india to illustrate the
   model and provides valuable insights into the urban waste management process
   . the results of the model demonstrate that significant economic and
   environmental benefits can be realized by leveraging the natural strengths
   of the informal sector . further , it is shown that efficient implementation
   of policies related to informal waste management can reduce the recyclable
   waste in the landfills dumped by municipal corporations or otherwise to zero
   . also , waste recycling capacity can be increased from 39 percent to 100
   percent by strengthening irc ( informal recycling coefficient , introduced
   in this paper ) in a span of 30 years . this increase will have positive
   impact on land usage , environment degradation and operation cost used in
   the formal waste collection . 2022 the authors
DE circular economy; informal waste management; public policy; recycling; solid
   waste management; system dynamics

---

UT 108
AR Wang B, 2021, WATER, V13, DOI 10.3390/w13243534
TI Analysis and prediction of sustainable utilization of water resources in
   chengde city based on system dynamics model
AU Wang B; Tian Y/1; Li X/1; Li C/2
TC 7
SO WATER
PY 2021
AB in addition to the social economy and the rapid development of industry and
   agriculture , water demand is increasing and poses challenges in the
   over_exploitation of water resources . this research establishes a model to
   assess the sustainable exploitation of water resources based on system
   dynamics theory and stella software , which solves the imbalanced allocation
   of industrial water , agricultural water and domestic water . the model is
   composed of two parts : the water quantity system ( including economy ,
   population , water availability and water demand ) and the water quality
   system ( composed of the aquatic environment ) , which is suitable for
   chengde city with a water resource shortage . the proposed model is
   established by data of chengde city from 2007 to 2016 and is verified by
   2017 data . furthermore , in order to compare the water quality and water
   utilization of chengde city under different development scenarios up to 2025
   , the sensitivity analysis of each variable ( e . g . , population ) is
   carried out in this model , and thereby the water resource utilization
   scenarios are acquired . specifically , four scenarios are designed and
   denoted : scenario 1 : keeping the status quo unchanged , scenario 2 :
   slowing down economic development and devoting more energy to environmental
   protection , scenario 3 : only focusing more on economic development and
   scenario 4 : aiming at steady and rapid economic growth and an eco_friendly
   environment . the results shows that scenarios 2 and 3 facilitate
   high_effective water resource utilization compared with the current
   development , scenario 1. scenario 4 fosters the balance of water resources
   supply demand in the future and preserves the water quality . this study
   provides an inspiring method for realizing the sustainable utilization and
   optimizing allocation of water resources in chengde city . 2021 by the
   authors . licensee mdpi , basel , switzerland .
DE chengde city; sustainable utilization; system dynamics; water quantity and
   quality; water resources
ID chengde; china; hebei; agriculture; economic and social effects;
   environmental protection; industrial research; quality control; runoff;
   sensitivity analysis; sustainable development; system theory; chengde city;
   development scenarios; economic development; exploitation of water
   resources; sustainable utilization; water demand; water quantities; water
   resource utilization; water-water; waters resources; economic development;
   economic growth; exploitation; sensitivity analysis; water availability;
   water demand; water quality; water resource; water quality

---

UT 109
AR Liu J/1, 2020, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V27, P37260, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-019-06739-x
TI System dynamic analysis of construction waste recycling industry chain in
   China
AU Liu J/1; Teng Y; Wang D; Gong E
TC 58
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2020
AB with the acceleration of china ' s urbanization process , construction
   activities have led to a substantial increase in construction waste .
   however , as china ' s construction waste recycling rate is low , it is
   difficult to convert construction waste into valuable products for the
   sustainable development of waste resources . the biggest reason for this is
   the construction waste industrial chain , which is imperfect and has many
   problems . in this study , a simulation model is established using system
   dynamics software vensim ple . the analog simulation shows that ( 1 ) china
   generates a large amount of construction waste every year . if construction
   waste source reduction measures are implemented , it will inhibit 50 % of
   the waste generated . upstream enterprises in the industry chain should
   actively develop waste reduction technology and improve waste reduction
   management . ( 2 ) marginal effect exists in the single waste reduction
   measure , but the government should implement more portfolio reduction
   measures to enhance the reduction effect , which is often three times that
   of the single policy . ( 3 ) the middle stream recycling enterprises in the
   industry chain can not solely rely on government subsidies to reduce the
   cost of waste recycling . it is necessary to create synergistic linkages
   with more responsible entities upstream and downstream of the industry chain
   , thus creating a new model in construction waste management . ( 4 )
   government policies tend to drive the purchasing power of building material
   market . the government should actively exert its subjective initiative ,
   supervise and provide policies to help the downstream enterprises that
   supply recycled building materials in the industry chain , and change the
   rigid understanding of contractors and owners about recycled building
   materials . the research conclusions can provide theoretical guidance for
   industry chain_related enterprises and government management departments in
   policy formulation , so that construction waste is sustainably developed .
   2019 , springer_verlag gmbh germany , part of springer nature .
DE collaborative management; construction and demolition waste ( c and dw );
   industry chain; sustainable development; system dynamics
ID china; construction industry; construction materials; industrial waste;
   recycling; waste management; china; construction material; emission control;
   industrial waste; policy approach; recycling; sustainable development;
   urbanization; waste management; building industry; building material; china;
   industrial waste; recycling; waste management

---

UT 110
AR Liu K, 2024, J ASIAN ARCH BUILD ENG, V23, P712, DOI
   10.1080/13467581.2023.2223696
TI Efficiency of risk management for tunnel security of megaprojects
   construction in China based on system dynamics
AU Liu K; Liu Y/10; Kou Y; Yang X; Hu G
TC 7
SO J ASIAN ARCH BUILD ENG
PY 2024
AB there have been repeated security incidents in megaproject tunnels ,
   construction security issues are particularly serious , and the management
   of security risks is receiving increasing attention . this study was
   conducted to improve the efficiency of tunnel security risk management , the
   security risk management process was adopted as an entry point , based on
   the observe_orient_decision_action ( ooda ) model , the influencing factors
   index system for the efficiency of security risk management in megaproject
   tunnels from four dimensions : observe , orient , decision and action . the
   ahp_ewm method is applied to assign index weights to model the system
   dynamics of security risk management efficiency . the vensim software was
   used to simulate and analyze the effect of different indices on the
   efficiency of security risk management under different conditions , which
   provides a reference for improving the efficiency of security risk
   management . the results of the study show that building a comprehensive and
   uninterrupted risk information awareness network , real_time adaptation of
   risk control strategies based on the complexity of risks , and shortening
   risk management delays can effectively increase the efficiency of dynamic
   security risk management . this provides a theoretical and practical
   reference for effectively improving the efficiency of risk management for
   tunnel security in megaproject construction . 2023 the author ( s ) .
   published by informa uk limited , trading as taylor and francis group on
   behalf of the architectural institute of japan , architectural institute of
   korea and architectural society of china .
DE ahp-ewm; management efficiency; megaprojects; system dynamics; tunnel
   security risk
ID decision making; efficiency; hierarchical systems; information management;
   system theory; tunnels; ahp-ewm; management efficiency; mega projects;
   megaprojects; risks management; security incident; security risk
   managements; security risks; system dynamics; tunnel security risk; risk
   management

---

UT 111
AR Hrischev R, 2024, AIP CONF PROC, V2980, DOI 10.1063/5.0184204
TI Dynamical Modeling with Vensim PLE of the Process of Data Collection in the
   ERP Systems
AU Hrischev R
TC 0
SO AIP CONF PROC
PY 2024
AB system dynamics is an effective approach to the investigation of processes
   in complex systems in various scientific and applied systems . typical
   example of such is the enterprise resources planning ( erp ) systems , which
   are already a major factor in effective and sustainable management in
   business and public sector . the new technologies iot , big data , cloud
   computing has led to a structural change in data collection processes . this
   article presents a study of the process of data collection in modern control
   systems with the specialized tool of system dynamic modeling vensim ple . a
   model of the data collection process and the results of the model simulation
   are presented . 2024 american institute of physics inc . . all rights
   reserved .

---

UT 112
AR Fu X, 2024, BUILD, V14, DOI 10.3390/buildings14051488
TI Risk Analysis and Simulation of Large Bridge Construction Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Fu X; Yang M; Liu H/2; Wang L/1; Li Q
TC 6
SO BUILD
PY 2024
AB to reduce risk incidents in large bridge construction , it is necessary to
   study the interaction mechanisms and dynamic changes among various risk
   factors during the construction of large bridges . first , the evolution
   mechanism of construction risks for large bridges is analyzed , and a risk
   factor structure system is established . then , based on system dynamics
   theory , a causal loop diagram and flowstock diagram are constructed , and
   system dynamics equations for each variable in the flow diagram are
   established to build a system dynamics model . finally , taking a large
   bridge construction project as an example , the variable equations are
   assigned actual values , and the construction risk level is simulated and
   analyzed . the results show that , continuous investment in safety funds can
   effectively reduce the overall risk level of the system , changes in the
   management risk subsystem have a significant impact on the overall risk
   level of large bridge construction , and increasing the safety investment
   ratio in both the personnel risk subsystem and the management risk subsystem
   can effectively reduce the total risk level of the system . 2024 by the
   authors .
DE bridge engineering; construction; safety investment; system dynamics; vensim
ID bridges; human resource management; investments; risk assessment; safety
   engineering; system theory; bridge constructions; bridge engineering;
   construction risks; large bridges; overall risk level; risk factors; risk
   levels; safety investments; system dynamics; vensim; risk analysis

---

UT 113
AR Maleki R, 2023, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V40, P573, DOI 10.1002/sres.2848
TI Application of community-based system dynamics for the management of rural
   households' vulnerability to the drying of Urmia Lake
AU Maleki R; Nooripoor M; Sharifi Z; Petrescu DC
TC 2
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2023
AB the drying of urmia lake , the largest inland lake in iran , is one of the
   greatest ecological disasters in iran , and it was repeatedly included on
   the agenda of national and international conventions . the aim of the
   current study was to apply the system dynamics methodology to analyze rural
   households ' vulnerability to the urmia lake drying . the result of the
   first phase ( strategy collection ) indicated that five strategies were
   proposed by stakeholders : ' to reduce the population of the region ' , ' to
   reduce the crop area and agricultural activities ' , ' to modify the
   cultivation pattern and growing crops with low water needs ' , ' to use new
   irrigation systems ' and ' to create alternative agricultural livelihoods
   with less dependence on damaged resources ' . the second phase used vensim
   software and indicated that the best strategy to reduce households '
   vulnerability to the drying of urmia lake was ' to create alternative
   agricultural livelihoods with less dependence on damaged resources ' .
   2022john wiley and sons ltd .
DE alternative livelihoods; causal loop diagrams; cultivation pattern;
   modeling; vensim
ID crops; drying; lakes; rural areas; system theory; current; alternative
   livelihoods; causal loop diagrams; community-based; cultivation pattern;
   inland lakes; international conventions; modeling; rural households; vensim;
   cultivation

---

UT 114
AR Song S/1, 2023, ENERGY PROC, V33, DOI 10.46855/energy-proceedings-10538
TI Research on Incentive Measures of CCUS Power Plant under Evolutionary Game
   Theory
AU Song S/1; Song S; Guo J/1
TC 0
SO ENERGY PROC
PY 2023
AB as the power and heating industry is the sector with the largest incremental
   co2 emissions globally , ccus retrofitting by power companies is important
   to achieve the national carbon dioxide emission reduction macro policy .
   with the aim of exploring the interaction and choice of strategy between
   government , public and coal plants and to further explore the influence of
   incentives on coal plant behavior so as to realize investment in ccus
   retrofitting by coal plants , in this paper , we take the government , the
   public , and coal plants as three stakeholders , constructs the game model ,
   construct the payoff matrix based on evolutionary game theory , calculate
   the replicator dynamics equations of each stakeholders , and the
   evolutionary stabilization strategy of the system is analyzed . in addition
   , this paper establishes the sd simulation model according to the concept of
   system dynamics , simulates the behavior evolution path of three
   stakeholders using vensim software , and conducts sensitivity analyzes on
   incentive policies and key parameters . the results show that : ( 1 ) there
   exists a stabilization strategy in the evolutionary game model , i . e . ,
   both the government and the public choose not to regulate and coal plants
   choose to invest in ccus . ( 2 ) for china ' s current domestic context in
   which only a carbon trading market exists , china has a significant
   advantage in the imposition of a carbon tax , which has a great motivator
   for coal plants to choose to invest in ccus . ( 3 ) in terms of energy
   policy , the government can motivate coal plants to invest early in ccus
   retrofits in order to implement carbon dioxide emission reduction
   technologies by increasing tariff subsidies for clean electricity . ( 4 ) by
   increasing penalties , the government can also motivate coal plants to
   invest in ccus retrofits to promote the deploy ccus . 2023 , scanditale ab .
   all rights reserved .
DE ccus; coal plants; evolutionary game; system dynamics

---

UT 115
AR Li Y/6, 2021, PROC - INT CONF POWER SYST TECHNOL CARBON NEUTRALITY TYPE
   POWER SYST POWERCON, P523, DOI 10.1109/POWERCON53785.2021.9697649
TI Research on the Influencing Factors and Their Mechanisation of Power Grid
   Reliability
AU Li Y/6; Zhang J/5; Chen W; Cai Q; Lin C/1; Xiang K
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF POWER SYST TECHNOL CARBON NEUTRALITY TYPE POWER SYST
   POWERCON
PY 2021
AB reliability is an important indicator for evaluating the level of power
   grids . this paper aims to study the factors that affect the reliability of
   the power grid . this paper proposes a simplified reliability evaluation
   index based on the capacity_to_load ratio . then , a power grid reliability
   model based on system dynamics is established , and a causal cycle diagram
   and a system stack flow chart are given . after that , this paper uses
   vensim to simulate a given model in different situations . finally , the
   relationship between reliability index and demand response resource
   penetration rate , reliability index and transmission and distribution price
   is given . at the end of this article , some suggestions are made to the
   government on dsm and price incentives . 2021 ieee .
DE dr resources; grid reliability; system dynamic; transmission and
   distribution price
ID electric power transmission networks; machinery; dr resource; evaluation
   index; grid reliability; mechanization; power grids; reliability evaluation;
   reliability index; system dynamics; transmission and distribution;
   transmission and distribution price; reliability

---

UT 116
AR Crookes DJ, 2024, AFR J ECON MANAG SCI, V27, P1, DOI
   10.4102/sajems.v27i1.5069
TI A dynamic, stochastic, Bayesian, provincial input–output model for the South
   African economy
AU Crookes DJ
TC 0
SO AFR J ECON MANAG SCI
PY 2024
AB background : the green economy has long been important in public discourses
   , as has been the forecasting of macroeconomic phenomena . aim : the purpose
   with this study was to construct a regional inputoutput model for the south
   african economy . setting : the model is a coupled inputoutput / system
   dynamics model . it is dynamic in the sense that sector growth follows the '
   limits to growth ' hypothesis . the model is used to explore the impact on
   the green economy , and also on poverty indices . method : it was
   constructed using vensim , a system dynamics modeling package . bayesian
   methods were utilized to estimate realistic values for the multipliers .
   type i multipliers for output , income , employment and gross value added (
   gva ) are estimated . the model was then ' tested ' by forecasting various
   resource sectors ' gva ( i . e . agriculture , mining , water , electricity
   ) . results : the model fits the historical data well , replicating
   provincial gva as well as national gva to an acceptable standard . the
   multipliers fell within appropriate ranges , and followed a priori
   expectations . conclusion : the model provides ' highly accurate ' forecasts
   of various macroeconomic parameters , including the resources sectors . the
   impact of different multipliers in the three resources sectors on various
   poverty indices in south africa was also assessed . contribution : the model
   has great potential for further use in the agricultural , energy and
   resource sectors , but also has wider application since it provides a means
   for generating an input output table for any specific year based on the
   forecasting of input output elements . 2024 . the author . licensee : aosis
   . this work is licensed under the creative commons attribution license .
DE forecast accuracy; input output; limits to growth; multipliers; poverty
   indicators; resources; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 117
AR Timbiano Feraud TE, 2025, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1331 LNNS, P303, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-87065-1_28
TI Carbon Footprint Estimation at the Salesian Continuous Training Center - San
   Bartolo Using System Dynamics
AU Timbiano Feraud TE; Mollocana Lara JG; Calderón Coba PJ; Álvarez Mendoza CI
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2025
AB the carbon footprint measures greenhouse gas emissions , which are harmful
   to the environment and contribute to climate change , and is a solution to
   evaluate the production of ghgs , thus implementing mitigation actions to
   counteract their environmental impacts . this study focused on evaluating
   ghg emissions mitigation strategies at the salesian center for continuing
   education in san bartolo . data , obtained through interviews and utility
   bills , covered electricity , water and fuel consumption , as well as paper
   , plastic and organic waste . a system dynamics model was applied to
   identify the major contributors to greenhouse gas emissions , using vensim
   ple software , and the carbon footprint was simulated for one year . the
   results revealed annual emissions of 88.28 tons of co2 equivalent , mainly
   from solid waste production ( 73.92 tons ) . a mitigation scenario was
   simulated representing the use of led lighting , flow control pumps , waste
   sorting containers , and the adoption of clean energy for transportation .
   the results suggest a potential reduction of 27.78 tons of co2 equivalent ,
   representing a significant decrease in greenhouse gasses . the author ( s )
   2025 .
DE carbon footprint; modeling; system dynamics
ID carbon emissions; effluents; greenhouse gas emissions; kyoto protocol; low
   emission; particulate emissions; solid wastes; waste utilization; continuing
   education; emissions mitigation; ghg emission; ghgs emissions; greenhouse
   gas emissions; mitigation strategy; modeling; system dynamics; training
   centers; utility bills; carbon footprint

---

UT 118
AR Guo J/2, 2021, ADV CIV ENG, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/6672038
TI Study of a System Dynamics Model of Wuhan Commodity Housing Price
AU Guo J/2; Wang J/7; Liu D; Qiao S; Wu H
TC 1
SO ADV CIV ENG
PY 2021
AB commodity housing is the most important product in the development of modern
   civil engineering , and it is also the frontier problem of modern
   engineering project management research . the progress of civil engineering
   in china can be seen to a great extent through the development of commercial
   housing . in order to solve the severe problem of rapid growth of commodity
   housing price in china , considering the advantages of system dynamics
   theory , a system dynamics model of commodity housing price is constructed .
   eight subsystems , namely , housing demand , housing supply , housing price
   , urban population , urban economy , housing land , housing tenancy , and
   macro_control , are studied . taking the relevant data of wuhan as an
   example , the vensim dss is used for simulations . in addition , a validity
   test and sensitivity test are used to verify the validity and feasibility of
   the model , respectively . based on the model , it is successfully predicted
   that the price of commercial housing in wuhan will reach 18,207.9 yuan / m2
   in 2030 , which provides a more systematic method of prediction for
   synthesis simulation of commercial housing markets . from the perspective of
   the developer loan interest rate , real estate tax rate , purchase
   restriction , and other policies , we show that the developer loan interest
   rate regulation policy has the strongest effect on guiding the change in
   commercial housing prices in wuhan . generally , this study provides insight
   into the responses that the national government could use to control housing
   prices . 2021 jingyi guo et al .

---

UT 119
AR Kukartseva OI, 2020, J PHYS CONF SER, V1679, DOI
   10.1088/1742-6596/1679/3/032064
TI Simulation and dynamic model of the control process of the lighting system
   of industrial premises of large areas
AU Kukartseva OI; Tynchenko VS; Antamoshkina OI; Markevich EA; Pilipenko AE;
   Leonteva AA
TC 0
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2020
AB the article presents a simulation_dynamic model of the control process of
   the lighting system of industrial premises of large areas . the model is
   based on the system dynamics method , which is widely used in many areas .
   the presented model of the lighting system includes three levels , two
   streams , and other variables that are used in the process of its operation
   . the input interface allows you to enter data into the model using the
   powersim studio program . this work consists of several elements : the model
   itself and three graphs that show the results of three experiments with
   different input data . the results are presented in a table with output data
   , which is reflected in the program in the output interface and indicates
   that with a large number of lamps and with the highest values of possible
   breakdowns , the number of lamps that will stop burning increases . the
   model is designed for operational management of the system and ensuring
   appropriate lighting of premises , as well as maintaining inventory and the
   desired quality of lighting of production premises of large areas .
   published under license by iop publishing ltd .
ID dynamic models; dynamics; lighting; lighting fixtures; control process;
   input datas; input interface; lighting systems; operational management;
   output data; output interface; system dynamics; process control

---

UT 120
AR Guo H/2, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-26325-1
TI Analysis and measurement of multi-factor coupling risk in underground coal
   mine gas explosion based on system dynamics
AU Guo H/2; Chen Y/6; Cheng L/1; Li S/4
TC 1
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB to investigate the evolutionary mechanism of coal mine gas explosion , and
   to improve the level of system safety . in this paper , a multi_factor
   coupled risk deduction model for coal mine gas explosion is constructed by
   using the system dynamics method . the two subsystems of ' human factors '
   and ' material factors ' are simulated by using vensim software . to obtain
   the evolutionary trend of system gas explosion risk and the risk change
   trend of index variables . the risk level of coal mine gas explosion is
   predicted by adjusting the parameters of the index variables , and the
   influence of various coupled factors on the development trend of the risk
   level is analyzed . through the application of the model , the results
   reveal that the model has certain applicability and feasibility . the risk
   values of system variables have a certain degree of hysteresis and
   cumulativeness in their impact on other variables and the system risk level
   , and the ' emergence ' and ' mutation ' phenomena of accident evolution .
   the author ( s ) 2025 .
DE cloud model; coupling risk; deduction model; evolutionary mechanism; gas
   explosion; system dynamics
ID article; coal mining; dynamics; explosion; explosion risk; gas; human;
   hysteresis; nonhuman; simulation; software

---

UT 121
AR Gallego-García S, 2021, APPL SCI, V11, P1, DOI 10.3390/app11010233
TI Predictive sales and operations planning based on a statistical treatment of
   demand to increase efficiency: A supply chain simulation case study
AU Gallego-García S; García-García M
TC 16
SO APPL SCI
PY 2021
AB forecasting is the basis for planning . good planning is based on a good
   prediction of what is going to happen to prepare a company , a department ,
   and their environments for certain future developments and their
   intermediate states . in this context , resources are allocated to these
   future states in the most efficient way , given a certain set of resource
   conditions . although market volatility demands the high adaptability of
   companies ' operations , dynamic planning is still not widespread . as a
   result , the alignment of planning processes with potential scenarios is not
   given , leading to a lack of solution preparation in the long term ,
   suboptimal decision_making in the medium term , and corrective measures in
   the short term , with higher costs and a lower service level . therefore ,
   the aim of this research is to propose a predictive approach that will help
   managers develop sales and operations planning ( s and op ) with higher
   accuracy and stability . for this purpose , a methodology combining demand
   scenarios , statistical analysis of the demand , forecasting techniques ,
   random number generation , and system dynamics was developed . the goal of
   this predictive s and op is to predict the supply chain system ' s behavior
   to generate plans that prevent potential inefficiencies , thereby avoiding
   corrective measures . in addition , to assess the methodology , the model is
   applied in the software vensim , for an automotive producer s supply chain ,
   to compare the predictive s and op model with a classical approach . the
   results show that the proposed predictive approach can increase a
   manufacturer ' s efficiency by increasing its adaptability through the
   identification of potential inefficiencies and can also be used to prepare
   solutions . 2020 by the authors . licensee mdpi , basel , switzerland .
DE manufacturing; predictive model; sales and operations planning; scenario
   management; supply chain management; system dynamics

---

UT 122
AR Şenaras AE, 2021, HANDB RES DECI SCI APPL TRANSP SECT, P147, DOI
   10.4018/978-1-7998-8040-0.ch006
TI System dynamics for modelling subway passenger flow in the transportation
   sector
AU Şenaras AE; Şenaras OM
TC 0
SO HANDB RES DECI SCI APPL TRANSP SECT
PY 2021
AB thank to developed sd model , decision makers can create appropriate policy
   . the importance of passenger numbers in compartments increased due to
   covid_19 , and managers did not want to increase passengers in compartments
   too much . in this study , a model will be developed in vensim package
   program . the model will be developed for analyzing passenger flows .
   different scenarios can be tested thanks to developed system dynamics model
   . subway passenger flow was analyzed via system dynamics . the sd model was
   developed in vensim ple package program . passenger flow was defined as rate
   , and stations are defined as stock . managers would change timing according
   to time , and effects of these changes can be observed via the model . 2021
   , igi global .

---

UT 123
AR Chen F, 2022, INT J TECHNOL POLIC MANAG, V22, P3, DOI
   10.1504/IJTPM.2022.122532
TI Using the system dynamics model on sustainable safety development of civil
   aviation
AU Chen F; Xu B; Fan D
TC 2
SO INT J TECHNOL POLIC MANAG
PY 2022
AB with the rapid expansion of flight services , civil aviation airports and
   air traffic controllers have long been operating at full load . the support
   capability can not meet the actual development needs , which is placing
   increasing the pressure on safety considerations . hence , in_depth studies
   on the dynamic relationships among support capability , safety and
   development and the timely adjustment of policies are imperative . a '
   growth and underinvestment ' model is used to construct a dynamic model of
   civil aviation sustainable safety development . through the use of vensim
   software as a modeling tool and tianjin as an example for simulation , the
   policy scenario for realizing the sustainable safety development of civil
   aviation in this region is designed . based on the simulation results ,
   policy suggestions for the sustainable safety development of this region are
   proposed . it is also proven that the model can be applied to other fields .
   copyright 2022 inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE air traffic control; causal analysis; china; civil aviation; model
   application; policy simulation; safety; support capability; sustainable
   development; system dynamics
ID air navigation; civil aviation; computer software; safety engineering;
   system theory; air traffic control; air traffics; causal analysis; china;
   model application; policy simulation; safety development; support
   capability; sustainable development; system dynamics modeling; air traffic
   control

---

UT 124
AR Daneshgar S, 2022, J ENERGY STORAGE, V46, DOI 10.1016/j.est.2021.103919
TI Investigating the hydropower plants production and profitability using
   system dynamics approach
AU Daneshgar S; Zahedi R
TC 45
SO J ENERGY STORAGE
PY 2022
AB world ' s electricity industry is looking for ways to improve production ,
   distribution , and electricity transmission in recent years . to achieve
   comprehensive economic and social development , it is necessary to move
   toward sustainable energies . among the types of renewable energy ,
   hydropower has received more attention due to its ability to convert
   directly into electricity , its possibility of storage and its endlessness .
   despite uncertainties in market prices , the amount of water entering dams ,
   the behavior of actors , access to information , and thus increasing risk ,
   planning , and decision_making for hydropower producers to make maximum
   profit in the electricity market has become more complex . in this situation
   , adopting a correct decision_making method for the optimal operation of
   power plants is always one of the main concerns . in this research , a
   dynamic production_profitability model has been developed to model the
   operation of a hydro reservoir system and the producer profitability process
   , which has been investigated using stella software in an object_oriented
   simulation environment with a system dynamics approach . the required
   information has been used as a monthly time series in 20102020 , and
   forecasts have been made for 24 months . this study was conducted to study
   the profitability of hydropower plants using the information of karun 1 dam
   in the catchment area of karun river . in this study , the uncertainty of
   water inlet flow status and electricity price for this producer has been
   predicted by the gomes model and entered into the model . water release
   methods and acceptable costs are considered separate scenarios . the results
   showed that the scenario of discharging 15 % of the dam has the most profit
   with 3047 $ /mw for 24th month . 2021 elsevier ltd
DE hydropower plants; monte carlo methods; production model; profitability
   model
ID catchments; computer software; decision making; electric industry;
   hydroelectric power plants; monte carlo methods; object oriented
   programming; power markets; profitability; reservoirs ( water ); system
   theory; electricity industry; hydropower plants; montecarlo methods; plant
   production; plant profitability; production and profitabilities; production
   models; profitability model; system dynamics approach; uncertainty;
   hydroelectric power

---

UT 125
AR Liu M/3, 2025, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V32, P621, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-03-2023-0304
TI Cost estimation model of prefabricated construction for general contractors
   based on system dynamics
AU Liu M/3; Luo M/1
TC 8
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2025
AB purpose : the poor capacity of prefabricated construction cost estimation is
   the essential reason for the low profitability of the general contractor .
   therefore , this study aims to focus on the cost estimation of prefabricated
   construction as the research object . this research aims to enhance the
   accuracy of total project cost estimation for general contractors ,
   ultimately leading to improved profitability . design / methodology /
   approach : this study used vensim ple software to establish a system
   dynamics model . in the modeling process , a systematic research review was
   used to identify cost_influencing factors . abc classification and the
   analytic hierarchy process were used to score and determine the weights of
   influencing factors . findings : the total cost error obtained by the model
   is less than 2 % compared with the actual value . it can be used to cost
   estimation and analysis . the analysis results indicate that there are 7 key
   factors , among which the prefabrication rate has the most significant
   impact . furthermore , the model can provide the extreme range cost . the
   minimum cost can reduce by 13 % from the value in the case . the factor ' s
   value can compose a cost control strategy for general contractors .
   practical implications : the cost of prefabricated buildings can be
   estimated well , and deciding the prefabrication rate is crucial . the cost
   can be declined by correct cost control strategies when bidding and
   subcontracting are in process . the strategies can follow the direction of
   the model . originality / value : a systemic , quantitative and qualitative
   analysis of cost estimation of prefabricated buildings for general
   contractors has been conducted . a mathematical model has been developed and
   validated to facilitate more effective cost_control measures . 2023 ,
   emerald publishing limited .
DE cost estimation; general contractor; prefabricated construction; system
   dynamics
ID contractors; cost benefit analysis; cost estimating; profitability; system
   theory; construction costs; control strategies; cost controls; cost
   estimation models; cost estimations; design/methodology/approach; general
   contractors; project cost estimation; research object; system dynamics; cost
   effectiveness

---

UT 126
AR Xiao L/1, 2022, SHENGTAI XUEBAO, V42, P5642, DOI 10.5846/STXB202107141894
TI Simulation on recreation carrying capacity of Sanjiangyuan National Park;
   [三江源国家公园游憩承载力模拟仿真研究]
AU Xiao L/1; Zhu D; Yu H/2
TC 2
SO SHENGTAI XUEBAO
PY 2022
AB recreation carrying capacity estimation and predication is an important tool
   for recreation planning and dynamic management of national park . this paper
   establishes a system dynamics model for sanjiangyuan national park
   recreation carrying capacity based on the system dynamics simulation
   software vensim_ple , which includes four subsystems , namely resource space
   , ecological environment , socio_economic , and social_psychological system
   . using 2015_2035 as the time interval , this paper sets four scenarios for
   simulation to estimate trend of each subsystem , providing a reference for
   the recreation planning and management of sanjiangyuan national park . the
   four scenarios include original scenario , the social , driven scenario ,
   the ecological protection priority scenario , and the coordinated
   development scenario . results show : ( 1 ) under the current original
   scenario , the recreation carrying capacity shows a trend of increasing
   initially and deceasing afterwards . however , it may face the risk of
   surpassing the recreation carrying capacity in 2031 . under the
   social_driven scenario of increasing investment in recreational facilities ,
   the recreation carrying capacity has improved , but the effect of
   improvement after 2031 will be weak . ( 2 ) under the ecological protection
   priority scenario , through the improvement of capacity of pollution
   prevention and control of tourist scale , the recreation carrying capacity
   has been improved , and the risk of overloading the recreation carrying
   capacity has been postponed from 2031 to 2033 . ( 3 ) under the coordinated
   development scenario , the ecological environment carrying capacity and the
   resource space carrying capacity increase slowly , with the highest value
   among the four scenarios , and the recreation carrying capacity reaches the
   maximum value . the risk of overloading the recreation carrying capacity
   extended from 2031 to after 2035 . the simulation and prediction of
   recreation carrying capacity of national park provides a scientific
   reference for reasonable and timely control , which is conducive to
   ecological protection and improvement of recreational quality in
   sanjiangyuan national park . 2022 science press . all rights reserved .
DE recreation carrying capacity; sanjiangyuan national park; simulation; system
   dynamics model
ID china; qinghai; sanjiangyuan; carrying capacity; environmental protection;
   national park; park management; recreational activity; simulation;
   spatiotemporal analysis

---

UT 127
AR Abdallah KS, 2022, INT J IND ENG THEORY APPL PR, V29, P562, DOI
   10.23055/ijietap.2022.29.4.8115
TI A SYSTEM DYNAMICS MODEL ASSESSING THE SUSTAINABILITY OF THE PERFORMANCE OF
   SUPPLY CHAINS WITH REVERSE FLOW
AU Abdallah KS; El-Beheiry MM
TC 5
SO INT J IND ENG THEORY APPL PR
PY 2022
AB sustainability in supply chains is more important than ever . in this paper
   , we consider a supply chain with a reverse flow where customers can return
   or replace products that flow backward to upstream members . the returned
   products re_enter the forward flow after different adjustments . we focus on
   measuring how the different operational parameters affect the sustainability
   of the supply chain and whether their interaction may affect the
   sustainability measures or not . the sustainability dimensions considered
   here are the social and environmental dimensions . a system dynamics model
   is developed for a supply chain with reverse flow . the proposed model
   measures the social dimension in terms of customer satisfaction and the
   environmental dimension in terms of the green image factor . we run the
   model for different parameters , and a factorial analysis is conducted on
   the results to show their main effect and their interaction effect on the
   measures under study . the results show how each of the main factors affects
   the sustainability of the supply chain . and how the interactions between
   the different factors can improve the already conflicting nature between the
   environmental and social performance measures . international journal of
   industrial engineering .
DE factorial analysis; reverse supply chain; sustainable supply chain; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID customer satisfaction; sustainable development; system theory; factorial
   analysis; operational parameters; performance; reverse flow; reverse supply
   chains; sustainability dimensions; sustainable supply chains; system
   dynamics; system dynamics modeling; vensim; supply chains

---

UT 128
AR [Anonymous], 2021, STUD THEORY APPL, V44, P115, DOI
   10.16353/j.cnki.1000-7490.2021.03.016
TI Dynamic Evolution Analysis of Government Short Video Network Public Opinion
   Based on SD Model; [基于系统动力学模型的政务短视频网络舆情动力演化分析]
TC 4
SO STUD THEORY APPL
PY 2021
AB [ purpose / significance ] with the advent of 5 g era , information
   dissemination of short videos has become an important tool to guide netizens
   ' public opinions . how to use short videos of government affairs to guide
   and control online public opinions has become a new challenge for the
   government . [ method / process ] short video network public opinion can be
   divided into public opinion events , internet users and government affairs
   short video three subsystems , by using vensim ple software , construction
   of government affairs short video network public opinion multi_agent
   simulation model , combined with the specific case ' ' bounce ' '
   hei_longjiang outbreak simulation subsystem in the interaction relationship
   between various influencing factors , to explore the dynamic mechanism of
   public opinion in its short video network transmission . [ result /
   conclusion ] the results show that the public opinion of short video network
   of government affairs is influenced by public opinion events , netizens ,
   subsystem of short video of government affairs and related factors .
   therefore , the government short video can effectively deal with and guide
   the risk exhibition of network public opinion by controlling the relevant
   factors of the three subsystems . 2021 information studies : theory and
   application . all rights reserved .
DE dissemination mechanism; evolution analysis; government short video; online
   public opinion; system dynamics

---

UT 129
AR Khan S/2, 2022, MATER TODAY PROC, V69, P413, DOI 10.1016/j.matpr.2022.09.069
TI Optimization of Industrial Operations to Control Air Pollution using System
   Dynamics
AU Khan S/2; Hassan Q
TC 3
SO MATER TODAY PROC
PY 2022
AB industrial sectors are the backbone of economic development . for a
   developing country like india , boosting industrial activities is very
   crucial for overall growth of the country . but at the same time , balancing
   the environmental impact of industrial operations is bit of a challenge .
   industrial sector is considered among the major sectors contributing to air
   pollution in urban areas . industrial operations lead to emission of
   different types of pollutants , mainly nox and so2 . these pollutants have
   serious repercussion on the environment . to address the issue , this paper
   focuses on identifying different variables which are connected to industrial
   operations and their inter_relationship with variables of air pollution
   representing a dynamic pattern of the whole system . further establishing a
   casual_loop model by connecting the feedback mechanisms through system
   dynamics ( sd ) modeling in vensim . this paper also suggests different
   policy interventions applied to whole system to optimize industrial
   operations . the future scope of this research is the conversion and
   simulation of this casual_loop model to stock_flow model and comparison of
   different policy intervention to obtain optimized results . 2022
DE air pollution; industrial emission; industrial sector; modeling; system
   dynamics
ID air pollution control; developing countries; economics; industrial
   emissions; system theory; casual loops; economic development; industrial
   activities; industrial operations; industrial sector; loop models; modeling;
   optimizations; policy intervention; system dynamics; air pollution

---

UT 130
AR Baqeri E, 2025, ENG, V26, DOI 10.1016/j.rineng.2025.105111
TI An hourly energy management strategy based on the development of a system
   dynamics model for microgrid systems
AU Baqeri E; Tahsiri A; Amraee T
TC 5
SO ENG
PY 2025
AB this study develops a system dynamics based ( sd_based ) energy management
   strategy for microgrids to achieve precise hourly power balance by
   coordinating renewable resources , diesel generators , and battery storage .
   addressing the volatility of renewable generation , the model exploits
   real_time adjustments in power generation and storage to match dynamic
   demand levels . simulations were run on three cases , including a practical
   case using data from an iranian microgrid , to study the cost_effectiveness
   and flexibility of the proposed strategy . the results demonstrate the
   capability of the model in following complicated power changes with
   sustained energy balance at reduced operating costs . for case iii , under
   fast changes in demand , the strategy reached a total cost of 233.33 m . you
   ( monetary unit ) . the use of a penalty_weighted strategy had the effect of
   reducing peak_hour error costs by 30 % , reflecting good cost management
   even during increased variability . utilizing the vensim software , the s .
   d . model responds by shifting to diesel generation in periods of shortage
   and harvesting renewable energy in surplus periods , reflecting an optimal
   system of real_time control . additionally , the simulations also indicate
   that greater energy change magnitudes , especially abrupt changes , increase
   overall costs , which justifies the application of strategic control for
   high_variability scenarios . in conclusion , this sd_based method offers a
   low_cost , dependable microgrid energy management solution that maximizes
   the utilization of renewables with a continuous energy supply . the success
   in handling various demand profiles indicates the potential for scalability
   in other microgrid setups , thereby enhancing sustainable and resilient
   decentralized energy systems via flexible , data_driven control strategies .
   2025 the authors
DE energy management strategy; microgrid; system dynamics; tracking reference
ID information management; power management ( telecommunication ); resource
   allocation; strategic planning; energy; energy management strategy; hourly
   energy management; management strategies; microgrid; microgrid systems;
   power balance; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; tracking
   reference; battery management systems

---

UT 131
AR Shi J/1, 2021, J PHYS CONF SER, V1986, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1986/1/012041
TI Recycling Mode and Remanufacturing Cost Analysis of Used Automobile Engine
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Shi J/1; Hu J; Jin Z; Ma Y/1; Ma M/2; Wang H/4; Ma Q
TC 1
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2021
AB from the three processes of recycling , remanufacturing and remanufacturing
   product sales , this paper analyzes the characteristics of the automobile
   engine cost . by using the theory of system dynamics method , it establishes
   system flow diagram of automobile engine recycling and remanufacturing cost
   under the methods of network recovery and 4s shop recovery , and constructs
   engine remanufacturing cost model . taking shandong heavy_duty automobile
   diesel engine remanufacturing as an example , the model is simulated and
   analyzed with vensim ple software , and the change trend of engine recovery
   cost and profit from 2015 to 2035 is analyzed and predicted . the sales
   revenue , cost and profit of remanufacturing under the two recovery methods
   are compared and analyzed . furthermore , the simulation results show that
   the different selections of engine recovery strategies have significant
   differences on the economic impact of engine remanufacturing , and the
   economic analysis can provide a reference for the development decision of
   engine remanufacturing . published under license by iop publishing ltd .
ID cost benefit analysis; costs; economic analysis; profitability; recycling;
   system theory; economic impacts; network recoveries; paper analysis;
   recovery costs; recovery methods; recovery strategies; recycling mode;
   system dynamics; automobile engines

---

UT 132
AR Arshad Q, 2023, ENV ENG MANAG J, V22, P639, DOI 10.30638/eemj.2023.050
TI CONSERVING WATER: COST AND PRODUCTIVITY ANALYSIS OF RESPONSIVE DRIP AND
   CONVENTIONAL IRRIGATION
AU Arshad Q; Gabriel HF; Ahmad S; Dahri ZH; Shahid M; Ullah U; Ullah A
TC 3
SO ENV ENG MANAG J
PY 2023
AB in this study , the aim is to examine the united nations_sustainable
   development goals ( un_sdgs ) and the impending climate change challenges in
   pakistan . the focus is on comparing different irrigation techniques in
   terms of their water savings , cost efficiency , and crop yields , in
   relation to the conventional flooding method ( cfm ) . specifically , the
   research considers the responsive drip irrigation system ( rdi ) ,
   subsurface drip irrigation ( sdi ) , and raised_bed irrigation method ( rsb
   ) . the data for this study relates to a 1_hectare tomato farm located in
   the potohar plateau of pakistan . joint interview sessions were conducted to
   gather integrated data , along with information from previous studies . to
   analyze the cost_effectiveness of the irrigation techniques , the study
   utilizes system dynamics ( sd ) and employs ' ' vensim ple ' ' software . a
   single sd model was created to meet the requirements for cost_effectiveness
   analysis ( cea ) , simulating the implicated techniques over a period of 25
   years . additionally , an optimization scenario was developed using
   geometric mean maximization , aiming to maximize monetary benefits while
   maintaining environmental benefits in equilibrium . the findings of this
   study indicate that the cost_effectiveness ratio ( cer ) for water_saving
   capacity is highest for rdi , which can save 0.135 million m3 of water over
   25 years . furthermore , rdi achieves a 78 % higher crop yield compared to
   the cfm . on the other hand , sdi demonstrates the highest cer for crop
   yield , offering 41.5 % more benefits to farmers when compared to the cfm .
   2023 gheorghe asachi technical university of iasi , romania . all rights
   reserved .
DE cost analysis; drip; irrigation; productivity; system dynamics; water
   conservation

---

UT 133
AR Kumari B, 2021, LECT NOTES MECH ENG, P555, DOI 10.1007/978-981-15-8025-3_54
TI System Dynamics Approach for Adoption of Artificial Intelligence in Finance
AU Kumari B; Kaur J; Swami S
TC 15
SO LECT NOTES MECH ENG
PY 2021
AB purpose_the purpose of this paper is to identify the challenges and enablers
   evolved in context to adoption of artificial intelligence specifically in
   finance sector and to analyze the effect of this disruptive technology on
   the financial performance and market capitalisation of the organization .
   design / methodology / approach_the study is exploratory and empirical in
   nature . factors of adoption were determined on the basis of literature .
   the researchers have constructed a causal loop diagram with the help of
   vensim software to show the feedback loops of various factors . this paper
   also examines the determining factors that form the basis of adoption of
   artificial intelligence which directly contributes to increase in financial
   performance and market capitalisation of the organization . a system
   dynamics model is constructed for this purpose using stella software .
   findings_the results suggest that apart from various risks and challenges
   involved in adoption of artificial intelligence , it is imperative for all
   financial institutes or companies involved in financial tasks to adopt
   artificial intelligence to achieve competency in global competition . the
   simulation of sd model clearly indicates that adoption of artificial
   intelligence in finance will help in further increase of financial
   performance and market capitalisation of organization . originality /
   value_this paper contributes to the integration of emerging stage of
   technology , artificial intelligence and finance sector through systems
   dynamics model which provides holistic view to the problem . there are some
   literatures available related with integration of artificial intelligence
   and finance , but they lack the bird's_eye view on the scenario using sd
   model . presently , there are few such endeavors available in the literature
   . 2021 , springer nature singapore pte ltd .
DE artificial intelligence; causal loop diagram; dynamic modeling; finance; jp
   morgan chase; systems dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; commerce; system theory; causal loop diagrams;
   disruptive technology; dynamics models; financial performance; in contexts;
   jp morgan chase; market capitalization; system dynamics; system dynamics
   approach; system dynamics modeling; finance

---

UT 134
AR Yu S, 2021, WATER ENV J, V35, P322, DOI 10.1111/wej.12629
TI Investment decision model of wastewater treatment public–private partnership
   projects based on value for money
AU Yu S; Dai T; Yu Y/1; Zhang J
TC 10
SO WATER ENV J
PY 2021
AB most existing studies analyze the early decision_making processes of
   publicprivate partnership ( ppp ) projects from the perspective of the
   government or investors , as such decisions involve lengthy negotiations and
   are likely to lead to unfair results . hence , there is a need for fair and
   reasonable investment decision_making methods . this study investigates the
   investment return system of ppp wastewater treatment projects . the net
   present value of investment income is considered the investment decision
   indicator of social capital , while value for money ( vfm ) is the indicator
   of government decision_making . considering both yield and vfm , the system
   dynamics method and vensim software are used to establish the investment
   decision model . a case study validates the proposed model and predicts a
   reasonable range of unit prices and concession periods for wastewater
   treatment through governmententerprise cooperation , to improve the
   transparency and initial decision fairness of ppp sewage treatment projects
   . 2020 ciwem
DE investment decision; public-private partnership ( ppp ); system dynamics (
   sd ); value for money ( vfm ); wastewater treatment
ID indicator indicator; decision making; investments; reclamation; sewage
   treatment; concession periods; enterprise cooperations; government
   decisions; investment decision making; investment decisions; investment
   returns; net present value; private partnerships; decision making;
   investment incentive; project management; public-private partnership; sewage
   treatment; software; valuation; wastewater treatment; article; decision
   making; government; human; investment; money; public-private partnership;
   sewage treatment; social capital; software; waste water management;
   wastewater treatment

---

UT 135
AR Bafkar A, 2022, J AGRI SC TECH, V24, P707
TI Determination of Optimal Irrigation Water Supply Scenario for Karkheh Dam to
   Prevent Drainage Problems of Dashte Abbas Plain Using System Dynamics
   Approach
AU Bafkar A; Alizadeh H; Mozafari J
TC 1
SO J AGRI SC TECH
PY 2022
AB dashte abbas is one of the fertile plains of the ilam province situated in
   the southwest of iran , where water resources are scarce , and often the
   quality of water is not suitable for agricultural uses . to solve the
   problem of water scarcity , the karkheh_dashte abbas inter_basin water
   transfer project started operation in 2008 . the objective of this study was
   to investigate the effects of different agricultural water management
   scenarios on the environmental and economic conditions in the dashte abbas
   using the system dynamics ( sd ) approach . the conceptual model was
   considered based on five sub_models , including water demand , water supply
   , environmental stresses , environment , and water economics . the evaluated
   water transfer scenarios were allocation of 160 , 170 , 180 , 200 million
   cubic meters ( mcm ) water transferred from the karkheh dam and 90 , 80 , 70
   , and 60 mcm annual groundwater withdrawal from the aquifer , respectively .
   the results showed that in all scenarios , water transfer increased
   groundwater level , decreased groundwater quality , reduced soil aeration
   and drainage , increased salinity of root zone and , consequently , reduced
   agricultural production in the plain . the results of the sd model
   demonstrate that the need for drainage is reduced with increasing
   groundwater consumption . the alternative cropping systems with higher water
   requirements , including forage crops and sugar beet , may be helpful to
   reduce drainage problems and to prevent construction of an underground
   drainage system . the results also confirmed that with the implementation of
   the first water allocation scenario ( allocation of annual 160 mcm surface
   water transfer and annual 90 mcm of groundwater withdrawal ) and cultivation
   of higher water requirement crops can reduce the rise in groundwater level
   and drainage problems . in these conditions , the water table remains almost
   constant at a depth of 10 meters . 2022 , tarbiat modares university . all
   rights reserved .
DE conceptual model; vensim software; water economics

---

UT 136
AR Gao J/2, 2026, CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC, V28, DOI 10.1007/s10098-026-03478-9
TI Paths for low-carbon transformation in heavily polluting manufacturing
   industries under heterogeneous environmental regulations
AU Gao J/2; Feng Q; Gao Y/2; Guan T
TC 0
SO CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC
PY 2026
AB under the constraints of the ' ' dual_carbon ' ' goals , the low_carbon
   transition of heavy_polluting manufacturing industries suffers from a lack
   of endogenous drive and path dependency , largely attributed to the ' '
   double externality ' ' problem . departing from the conventional research
   paradigm that narrowly focuses on either environmental regulations or
   technological innovation , this paper develops an integrated analytical
   framework characterized by ' ' external regulation_driven , internal
   willingness_led , innovative behavior implementation , and comprehensive
   benefit feedback . ' ' by coupling four core subsystems , we construct a
   system dynamics ( sd ) model to examine the low_carbon transition .
   utilizing panel data from nine major heavy_polluting industries ( 20112019 )
   and vensim_based simulations , we identify three distinct transition
   pathways : policy_oriented , willingness_oriented , and behavior_oriented .
   furthermore , cluster analysis is employed to propose a ' ' categorized
   governance ' ' scheme that accommodates the heterogeneous features of these
   industries . the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer_verlag
   gmbh germany , part of springer nature 2026 .
DE cluster analysis; heavily polluting manufacturing industries; heterogeneous
   environmental regulation; low carbon transformation; system dynamics ( sd )
   model
ID behavioral research; carbon; economics; environmental regulations; system
   theory; behavior implementation; external regulations; heavily polluting
   manufacturing industry; heterogeneous environmental regulation; low carbon
   transformations; low carbon transitions; manufacturing industries; path
   dependency; system dynamics modeling; technological innovation; cluster
   analysis

---

UT 137
AR Zhu Z/1, 2023, PROC - INT CONF COMPUT NETW ELECTRON AUTOM ICCNEA, P301, DOI
   10.1109/ICCNEA60107.2023.00071
TI Construct and Analysis of Metal Cutting Tool Remanufacturing Service Model
AU Zhu Z/1; Cao Y/2; Fu L; Dong C
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF COMPUT NETW ELECTRON AUTOM ICCNEA
PY 2023
AB manufacturing is the pillar industry of the national economy , and
   remanufacturing is an important direction for the manufacturing industry to
   move toward greening , but the current research lacks a macro analysis of
   the tool service model . given this problem , this paper first analyzes the
   current situation of metal cutting tool remanufacturing service mode . then
   , the because and effect analysis of the remanufacturing service model was
   carried out through vensim ple software . finally , based on the above
   analysis , the remanufacturing service model is qualitatively analyzed and
   improvement strategies are proposed , which can promote the sustainable
   development of the tool remanufacturing market and increase the
   corresponding service revenue . 2023 ieee .
DE qualitative analysis; remanufacturing; system dynamics
ID cutting tools; industrial economics; industrial research; metal analysis;
   current; current situation; manufacturing industries; manufacturing is;
   metal cutting tools; national economy; qualitative analysis;
   remanufacturing; service modeling; system dynamics; metal cutting

---

UT 138
AR Gao Y/1, 2020, PROC - YOUTH ACAD ANNU CONF CHIN ASSOC AUTOM YAC, P541, DOI
   10.1109/YAC51587.2020.9337504
TI On the cooperation mechanism of elderly service system with different level
   and cross-chain
AU Gao Y/1; Zhou S/1
TC 2
SO PROC - YOUTH ACAD ANNU CONF CHIN ASSOC AUTOM YAC
PY 2020
AB this paper studies the resource coordination mechanism of cluster community
   elderly service systems . considering the diversity of elderly service
   resources , the third_party institutions is used to integrate the service
   resources . the non peer two_way cross chain resource coordination mechanism
   is proposed , and the model of the clustered elderly system is built based
   on the method of system dynamics . three evaluation indexes of bullwhip
   effect , total resource level and service satisfaction are selected to
   simulate and analyze the model by using the vensim software . the results
   show that the resource coordination model can effectively realize the
   resource complementation . compared with the single chain mechnisim , the
   mechinisim we proposed significantly reduces the total resource level of a
   single supply chain , effectively improves service satisfaction , and
   greatly weakens the bullwhip effect . 2020 ieee .
DE cluster elderly service system; cross-chain collaboration; system dynamics;
   third-party logistics
ID bullwhip effects; cooperation mechanism; evaluation index; resource
   coordinations; service resources; service satisfaction; single supplies;
   vensim softwares; supply chains

---

UT 139
AR [Anonymous], 2024, J PRESIPITASI, V21, P907, DOI
   10.14710/presipitasi.v21i3.907-916
TI Unveiling the Dynamic Between Land Conversion and Food Security of Farmers
   Households in Bakalan Village, Pasuruan Regency
TC 0
SO J PRESIPITASI
PY 2024
AB system dynamics serves as an approach to unravel behavioral patterns by
   exploring fundamental structures . in this study , the dynamic system was
   crafted using stella software . the research methodology involved conducting
   primary surveys with both farmers and conversion farmers ' households to
   gather essential data on their perspectives , practices , and circumstances
   related to land conversion and food security . through this data , the
   system dynamic model was constructed to depict the interplay among key
   variables impacting food security , specifically focusing on food
   availability , affordability , and needs . the analysis revealed that the
   food affordability indicator consistently played a pivotal role in shaping
   these trends over the analyzed years . however , a significant discrepancy
   in food security levels emerged between farming and non_farming households .
   this divergence primarily stemmed from income inequalities within the
   agricultural sector , affecting the purchasing power for essential foods
   like rice across the village . additionally , a concerning trend of
   diminishing agricultural land and a subsequent decline in food availability
   was observed . 2024 , diponegoro university . all rights reserved .
DE farmers; food security; land conversion; system dynamic

---

UT 140
AR Adeogun A, 2025, HEAL (BASEL), V13, DOI 10.3390/healthcare13030213
TI Patient-Centric Paradigm: A Systems Thinking Approach to Enhance Healthcare
AU Adeogun A; Faezipour M
TC 6
SO HEAL (BASEL)
PY 2025
AB objective : the study aims to investigate the impact of patient_centric
   approaches on patient health outcomes , identify key leverage points for
   enhancing patient_centered care , and evaluate the effectiveness of systems
   thinking in guiding healthcare transformations . methods and procedures :
   the research utilizes system dynamics methodology , combining qualitative
   and quantitative data with causal loop diagrams and simulation models .
   using vensim software , the study examines dynamic interactions , feedback
   loops , and the effects of patient_centric interventions . sensitivity
   analysis assesses the impact of variables such as access to healthcare
   improvements , and social determinants of health ( sdoh ) , providing
   insights into the systemic behaviors of healthcare models . results :
   simulation analyzes demonstrate the effectiveness of patient_centric
   interventions in improving engagement , satisfaction , communication , and
   health outcomes . key leverage points , such as enhanced patientprovider
   communication and addressing sdoh , are critical for driving sustainable
   improvements . however , declining trends in outcomes over time indicate the
   need for adaptive strategies to maintain effectiveness . conclusions : the
   study emphasizes the importance of maintaining patient centricity in
   healthcare settings . by leveraging systems thinking and addressing
   underlying factors such as sdoh , the research provides actionable insights
   to enhance care delivery and patient outcomes . despite the limitations of
   simulated data , the findings contribute to understanding the dynamic
   interplay between patient_centric strategies and healthcare system
   performance , advocating for sustained efforts to ensure equitable and
   effective care . 2025 by the authors .
DE causal model loop; health care system; patient-centric approaches; social
   determinants of health; system dynamics; systems thinking

---

UT 141
AR Guttieres D, 2024, VACCINES, V12, DOI 10.3390/vaccines12010024
TI Modeling Supply and Demand Dynamics of Vaccines against Epidemic-Prone
   Pathogens: Case Study of Ebola Virus Disease
AU Guttieres D; Diepvens C; Decouttere C; Vandaele N
TC 5
SO VACCINES
PY 2024
AB health emergencies caused by epidemic_prone pathogens ( epps ) have
   increased exponentially in recent decades . although vaccines have proven
   beneficial , they are unavailable for many pathogens . furthermore ,
   achieving timely and equitable access to vaccines against epps is not
   trivial . it requires decision_makers to capture numerous interrelated
   factors across temporal and spatial scales , with significant uncertainties
   , variability , delays , and feedback loops that give rise to dynamic and
   unexpected behavior . therefore , despite progress in filling r and d gaps ,
   the path to licensure and the long_term viability of vaccines against epps
   continues to be unclear . this paper presents a quantitative system dynamics
   modeling framework to evaluate the long_term sustainability of vaccine
   supply under different vaccination strategies . data from both literature
   and 50 expert interviews are used to model the supply and demand of a
   prototypical ebolavirus zaire ( ebov ) vaccine . specifically , the case
   study evaluates dynamics associated with proactive vaccination ahead of an
   outbreak of similar magnitude as the 20182020 epidemic in north kivu ,
   democratic republic of the congo . the scenarios presented demonstrate how
   uncertainties ( e . g . , duration of vaccine_induced protection ) and
   design criteria ( e . g . , priority geographies and groups , target
   coverage , frequency of boosters ) lead to important tradeoffs across policy
   aims , public health outcomes , and feasibility ( e . g . , technical ,
   operational , financial ) . with sufficient context and data , the framework
   provides a foundation to apply the model to a broad range of additional
   geographies and priority pathogens . furthermore , the ability to identify
   leverage points for long_term preparedness offers directions for further
   research . 2023 by the authors .
DE ebola virus disease; epidemics; filoviruses; immunization; infectious
   diseases; sustainability; system dynamics; vaccines
ID ebola vaccine; vaccine; article; case study; commercial phenomena; computer
   language; cost; cost effectiveness analysis; decision making; democratic
   republic congo; demography; disease surveillance; disease transmission;
   dynamics; ebola hemorrhagic fever; ebolavirus; ecological phenomena and
   functions; epidemic; feedback system; filovirus; health care delivery;
   health care personnel; health care policy; health care system; health
   service; herd immunity; human; humoral immunity; immune response;
   immunization; immunogenicity; infectious agent; interview; licensing;
   mathematical model; modeling supply; persistent virus infection; politics;
   public health; qualitative research; regulatory mechanism; research; risk
   factor; sensitivity analysis; spatial analysis; spillover ( imaging );
   supply system; temporal analysis; thermostability; vaccination; virus
   transmission

---

UT 142
AR Chandiran P, 2023, TRANSP POLIC, V130, P116, DOI
   10.1016/j.tranpol.2022.10.002
TI Can driver supply disruption alleviate driver shortages?  A systems approach
AU Chandiran P; Ramasubramaniam M; Venkatesh VG; Mani V; Shi Y/2
TC 5
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2023
AB the driver shortage is a perennial problem in the trucking industry . the
   review of literature reveals currently there is a lack of holistic approach
   to address driver shortage problem . this paper presents a systems approach
   to understand the factors influencing the issue of truck driver shortages in
   an emerging economy context and their evolution over time . for this study ,
   we define truck driver shortage as : ' ' the shortfall in the market when
   the quantity of truck drivers supplied is below the number of truck drivers
   demanded ' ' . a system dynamic model has been developed to study a
   representative truck segment unit . the model is validated and simulated for
   ten years . the findings from the proposed model indicate that the current
   system and other environmental factors do not support the truck driver
   supply increase , drivers and shortages are likely to become acute in the
   coming years . the study proposes appropriate intervention for the
   government , and other stakeholders must design proper steps to fill the gap
   beyond a specific timeframe . the study contributes to the existing
   literature as a pioneering work on driver shortages in the emerging economy
   context . also , the study is one of its kind in using a holistic ,
   quantitative approach to modeling the driver shortage phenomenon . in the
   process , the study elicits complex relationships that prevail among the
   factors included in the study . 2022 elsevier ltd
DE driver shortage; labor welfare; simulation; supply disruption; system
   dynamics; truck driver; vensim
ID holistic approach; labor market; quantitative analysis; transportation
   economics; travel behavior; trucking; welfare economics

---

UT 143
AR Li C, 2021, WIREL NETWORKS, V27, P4353, DOI 10.1007/s11276-021-02647-6
TI The influence of external factors on the development of China's banking
   industry: a system dynamics modelling approach
AU Li C; Zuo X; Huang L
TC 2
SO WIREL NETWORKS
PY 2021
AB there are many external factors influencing the development of the banking
   industry , but few literatures discuss the effects of multiple factors on
   the banking industry . in order to better promote the healthy and stable
   development of china ' s banking industry , this paper builds a simulation
   model based on system dynamics and uses vensim ple to systematically discuss
   the impact of money supply , supervision level , financial innovation , and
   gdp on bank profits . the simulation results find that money supply ,
   financial innovation , and regulatory levels have a negative effect on
   profits , but gdp can promote profits . 2021 , the author ( s ) , under
   exclusive license to springer science+business media , llc , part of
   springer nature .
DE bank industry; simulation analysis; system dynamics
ID profitability; system theory; banking industry; external factors; financial
   innovation; multiple factors; regulatory level; simulation model; system
   dynamics; system dynamics modeling; banking

---

UT 144
AR Sokame BM, 2025, AGRIC ECOSYST ENV, V380, DOI 10.1016/j.agee.2024.109378
TI A system dynamics model for predicting African armyworm occurrence and
   population dynamics
AU Sokame BM; Kipkorir B; Agboka KM; Niassy S; Belayneh Y; Elkahky M; Tonnang
   HEZ/1
TC 1
SO AGRIC ECOSYST ENV
PY 2025
AB this study develops a comprehensive system dynamics model to predict and
   manage african armyworm ( spodoptera exempta ) outbreaks , a major threat to
   cereal crops across africa . we applied system dynamics approache with its
   archetypes ( causal loop diagram ( cld ) , reinforcing ( r ) and balancing (
   b ) ) to analyze the population dynamics of the pest . the vensim modeling
   platform ( ventana systems inc . , dss 8.2 ) was used to implement the
   models and carry out the simulations . the research integrates extensive
   data from 1980 to 2023 , encompassing the african armyworm ' s life cycle
   stages , climatic variables , and intervention strategies , to simulate
   potential outbreak scenarios and evaluate the impacts of various control
   measures . the model demonstrates the ability to accurately capture the
   solitary and gregarious phases of the armyworm , showing how different
   climatic conditions influence these phases and affect the outbreak patterns
   across various african regions . the findings reveal that precipitation and
   humidity are critical factors affecting african armyworm outbreaks , with
   variations in these elements significantly influencing the pest population
   dynamics . scenario analysis within the model indicates that integrated pest
   management ( ipm ) strategies , which combine biological control , cultural
   practices , and chemical methods , can effectively reduce armyworm
   populations , and mitigate crop damage . this approach not only helps manage
   current infestations but also contributes to sustainable agricultural
   practices by reducing reliance on chemical pesticides . the simulations of
   the model provide insights into the timing and intensity of armyworm
   outbreaks and illustrate how different interventions can alter these
   dynamics . for instance , the study highlights the effectiveness of early
   intervention and the potential consequences of delayed action , underscoring
   the importance of timely and informed decision_making in pest management .
   this research advances the understanding of african armyworm ecology and
   management by providing an approach that can predict outbreaks and evaluate
   the effectiveness of various control strategies under different climatic
   conditions . by incorporating real_world data and simulating realistic
   scenarios , the model offers a valuable resource for researchers ,
   policymakers , and farmers in developing targeted , effective , and
   sustainable pest management strategies . this study stands out for its
   unique integration of biological , ecological , and ipm strategies ,
   providing a holistic approach to addressing the challenges posed by s .
   exempta outbreaks in africa . the implications of this work are significant
   , offering potential to enhance food security and economic stability in
   regions affected by the african armyworm , thereby supporting broader
   efforts to manage agricultural pests in a changing global climate . 2024 the
   authors
DE african armyworm prediction; climatic variables; integrated pest management;
   sustainable agriculture
ID africa; alternative agriculture; climate change; environmental factor; food
   security; global climate; integrated pest management; pest species;
   population dynamics; species occurrence

---

UT 145
AR Sheeraz M, 2024, SUSTAIN FINANC, VPart F4263, P255, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-56419-2_12
TI A Nexus Between Climate Change Risk and Financial Performance of
   Agricultural Businesses in Developing Economy
AU Sheeraz M; Iqbal N; Sajid M
TC 1
SO SUSTAIN FINANC
PY 2024
AB considering the increasing systemic risks , it is crucial to analyze
   climate_related concerns ' impact on agricultural firms ' financial
   performance , especially in developing countries . the research sought to
   examine the possible influence of climate change risks on the financial
   viability of publicly listed agricultural companies in vietnam . previous
   research has mostly used statistical and benchmarking methods , focusing on
   retrospective questionnaire surveys and corporate environmental reports .
   the methods used resulted in linear , probabilistic , and static
   understandings of how climate change affects company operations and economic
   performance . nevertheless , they fail to adequately capture the intricate
   long_term impacts of climate change on the financial performance of
   corporations . our research aims to enhance the existing body of knowledge
   by constructing a dynamic model that investigates the changing connections
   among climate change threats , financial performance , and operational
   processes . the project aims to develop a comprehensive model that will
   improve the understanding of climate change and its impact on company
   performance for managers and academics . our model is based on corporate
   climate change management , systems thinking , and system dynamics . it
   leverages stella software as its fundamental framework . this comprehensive
   approach will provide useful insights into the complex relationship between
   climate change and the financial performance of agribusiness enterprises in
   vietnam . the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer nature
   switzerland ag 2024 .
DE agricultural businesses; agricultural finance; agriculture; climate change
   risks; developing economy; financial performance; vietnam

---

UT 146
AR Dong Y/1, 2024, KNOWL MANAG RES PR, V22, P282, DOI
   10.1080/14778238.2023.2189170
TI Research on the process of knowledge value co-creation between manufacturing
   enterprises and internet enterprises
AU Dong Y/1; Yao X; Wei Z
TC 5
SO KNOWL MANAG RES PR
PY 2024
AB this research establishes a theoretical framework for knowledge value
   co_creation and analyzes the knowledge value co_creation process of
   manufacturing enterprises and internet enterprises with the internet
   platform participation in three stages . meanwhile , we use the system
   dynamics method to analyze the causality of knowledge value co_creation ,
   establish the model of the system flow chart , and use vensim software to
   perform simulation and sensitivity analyzes of the model . the findings show
   that cloud computing capability can increase the knowledge stock of
   manufacturing enterprises and internet enterprises . the knowledge
   governance environment of the internet platform has a significant impact on
   the knowledge value co_creation of both partners . improving the level of
   smart manufacturing can increase the amount of knowledge innovation of
   manufacturing enterprises but has a small impact on the knowledge stock of
   internet enterprises . our research provides practical guidance to enhance
   the knowledge value co_creation between manufacturing enterprises and
   internet enterprises . 2023 the operational research society .
DE knowledge transfer; knowledge value co-creation; system dynamics model

---

UT 147
AR Sokame BM, 2021, SCI REP, V11, DOI 10.1038/s41598-020-79553-y
TI A system dynamics model for pests and natural enemies interactions
AU Sokame BM; Tonnang HEZ; Subramanian S; Bruce AY; Dubois T; Ekesi S;
   Calatayud P-A
TC 26
SO SCI REP
PY 2021
AB stemborers ( busseola fusca , sesamia calamistis and chilo partellus ) , the
   fall armyworm ( spodoptera frugiperda ) and associated parasitoids
   constitute an interacting system in maize fields in kenya . this work aims
   at developing and evaluating models that represent the evolution of those
   interactions by applying system thinking and system dynamics approaches with
   its archetypes [ causal loop diagram ( cld ) , reinforcing ( r ) and
   balancing ( b ) ] to analyze the population of these multi_species systems .
   the software vensim ple 8.0.9 was used to implement the models and carry out
   the simulations of single_and multi_species systems . the results showed
   that when a single pest species with its associated parasitoids interact
   with the host plant , the species was able to establish and sustain by
   cyclical relationship between populations of the pest and the associated
   parasitoids . however , in multi_pest species systems , dominance of s .
   frugiperda and c . partellus over b . fusca and s . calamistis was observed
   , but without extinction . however , there was a likelihood for b . fusca
   being displaced by c . partellus . overall , the models predict the
   co_existence of fall armyworm with stemborer species as an additional pest
   of maize in africa that need to be considered henceforth in designing ipm
   strategies in maize . 2021 , the author ( s ) .
ID animals; crops agricultural; host-parasite interactions; models biological;
   pest control biological; spodoptera; wasps; africa; article; human; human
   experiment; maize; natural enemy; nonhuman; parasitoid; pest organism;
   simulation; software; spodoptera frugiperda; thinking; animal; biological
   model; biological pest control; crop; host-parasite interaction;
   parasitology; physiology; spodoptera; wasp

---

UT 148
AR Ramírez V, 2021, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, P70
TI Planning support tool for torobayo beer production using system dynamics
AU Ramírez V; Jara O
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2021
AB we present a tool to support beer production planning for kunstmann company
   using system dynamics . a description of the production system was made ,
   which served as base for the construction of the proposed model , through
   vensim software . storage for fermentation and conditioning in unit_tanks (
   uts ) , filtering and temporary storage in drunk_tanks ( dts ) , packing and
   product inventory were studied . the proposed model includes 3 level
   variables ( ut , dt and inventory ) and 5 connected flows , taking into
   account the delays in the fermentation and maturation of beer , and the
   capacities of filtering , packaging and inventory . the process eventually
   stops when a desired inventory is reached . the structure described
   corresponds to the generic structure of a ut . by taking advantage of
   modeling with vensim s subscripts , together with a disposition in a
   spreadsheet of few parameters , this structure was simplified to generate up
   to 12 uts in parallel . this tool allows those who carry out the planning
   work to test different scenarios and , particularly , to detect bottlenecks
   present in the dts , in an agile , faster , and graphic way . with this tool
   , the production planner could evaluate theoretical production scenarios
   changing the main parameters that define the entire process , improving
   company ' s decision making . ieom society international .
DE beer; planning; production; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 149
AR Hu S, 2024, INT CONF ENERGY POWER ELECTR ENG EPEE, P1113, DOI
   10.1109/EPEE63731.2024.10875420
TI Sales research for hydrogen-fuel-cell commercial vehicles based on Vensim
AU Hu S; Chen W/4; Yang W
TC 0
SO INT CONF ENERGY POWER ELECTR ENG EPEE
PY 2024
AB hydrogen_fuel_cell vehicles have the advantages of zero emission , and fast
   hydrogen refueling . it can be used in long_distance transportation and
   heavy trucks for energy conservation , emission reduction , and automobile
   industry upgrading . this paper builds the sales forecast model by the
   software vensim to study the annual sales . sales are closely connected to
   cost . the simulation combines the cost of core components through
   conditional functions which can output the annual sales from year 2024 to
   2035 . the using cost of energy , energy charging convenience , cost of
   hydrogen fuel cell engine and hydrogen storage containers are the key
   variables of the model . most of the cost data in the model come from
   published literature . the simulation study data show that the
   hydrogen_fuel_cell commercial vehicles ' annual sales is about 76,000 in
   2030 , and about 156,000 by 2035 . the forecast annual sales in the year
   2025_2035 will have guiding significance for automobile companies and
   governments to develop hydrogen_fuel_cell . 2024 ieee .
DE hydrogen energy; sales forecast; system dynamics
ID antiknock compounds; automobiles; automotive industry; costs; hydrogen
   fuels; hydrogen storage; plastic bottles; satellites; trucks; annual sales;
   energy; heavy truck; hydrogen energy; hydrogen fuel cell vehicles; hydrogen
   fuel cells; hydrogen refueling; sales forecasts; system dynamics; zero
   emission; commercial vehicles

---

UT 150
AR Díaz-Reza JR, 2024, J CLEAN PROD, V448, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.141453
TI Achieving social sustainability through lean manufacturing practices:
   Insights from structural equation model and system dynamics
AU Díaz-Reza JR; Mousavi SH; Sánchez-Ramírez C/1; García-Alcaraz JL
TC 27
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2024
AB the relationship between lean manufacturing ( lm ) practices and their
   impact on social sustainability ( so is ) remains an area that warrants
   further investigation , especially in developing countries and industrial
   sectors with a high level of manual work in which there are many
   occupational diseases , where well_being is required by labor laws , such as
   mexican maquiladora ( mm ) companies . recognizing this research gap , this
   study explores and assesses the influence of lm practices on mm ' s so is .
   the study proposed and evaluated a structural equation model ( sem ) with
   eight hypotheses tested statistically using information obtained from 411
   responses to a questionnaire distributed across the mm . warppls software (
   version 8.0 ) was employed to validate the sem and stella architect v3.0.1 ,
   to evaluate a system dynamics model to simulate the longitudinal behavior of
   lm practices on so is . the findings underscore the critical role of the 5 s
   methodology in facilitating the adoption of practices , such as total
   productive maintenance , quick changeover , and one_piece flow , exhibiting
   positive repercussions on so is . notably , the study ' s estimates suggest
   a timeline of approximately 6.5 years to attain 100 % implementation of
   these tools , while achieving complete so is may extend to approximately
   11.75 years . it is imperative to approach these projections cautiously ,
   because of the dynamic nature of business environments , wherein unforeseen
   alterations may significantly influence these timelines . these estimates
   offer valuable insights into the potential temporal dynamics of lm practices
   and so is implementations in industrial contexts . 2024 elsevier ltd
DE lean manufacturing; maquiladora industry; sem; social sustainability; system
   dynamics
ID agile manufacturing systems; developing countries; sustainable development;
   system theory; equation systems; industrial sector; labor laws;
   manufacturing practices; maquiladora industry; model dynamics; social
   sustainability; structural equation models; system dynamics; well-being;
   lean production

---

UT 151
AR Castillo-Paz AA, 2024, PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL
   MANAG ARTIF INTELL ERA PROC, DOI 10.23919/PICMET64035.2024.10653291
TI System Dynamics Modeling in Automotive Electronics Assembly: A Case Study on
   New Product Engineering Change Administration
AU Castillo-Paz AA; Elizondo-Noriega A; Cuellar JV; Benavides A; Emmett GL;
   Rouen J; Topp A; Linan R; Perez AS; Ceciliano-Meza JL; Pinal-Moctezuma JF
TC 2
SO PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL MANAG ARTIF INTELL ERA
   PROC
PY 2024
AB this paper examines the complexities of engineering change administration (
   eca ) in electronics assembly new product operations within the automotive
   industry , focusing on the integration of both tangible and intangible
   engineering changes . utilizing a system dynamics ( sd ) approach , it
   models the multifaceted processes involved during new vehicle prototyping
   phases . the study assesses how different pathways influence time efficiency
   and error rates in implementing engineering changes , emphasizing the dual
   nature of these changes and their impact on operational efficacy . by
   leveraging vensim modeling software , the research provides a nuanced
   exploration of coordination characteristics and their risk profiles . it
   also examines the role of human factors , particularly the variability
   introduced by engineering change analysts ' workload and expertise levels ,
   enhancing the model ' s predictive accuracy and strategic decision_making .
   findings suggest that pathways with advanced planning , like the lean
   implementation pathway , show lower error rates and improved efficiency . in
   contrast , the late implementation request pathway , triggered by unforeseen
   delays , exhibits higher error incidences , highlighting the need for better
   risk management strategies . this study advances methodologies that
   significantly impact the efficacy of engineering change operations in the
   automotive sector . 2024 picmet .
ID artificial intelligence; automobiles; strategic planning; system theory;
   automotive electronic assembly; automotives; case-studies; electronic
   assemblies; engineering changes; error rate; product engineering; product
   operations; system dynamics approach; system dynamics modeling; automotive
   industry

---

UT 152
AR Guo J/2, 2021, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V638, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/638/1/012044
TI Housing Price Research Based on System Dynamics Model
AU Guo J/2; Wang J/7
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2021
AB based on the theory of system dynamics , a system dynamics model regarding
   to housing price is constructed . the changes on housing price are simulated
   via vensim dss software , and the effectiveness of the model is verified .
   policy regulation experiments are conducted from the prospective of
   population , land and taxation that are mostly concerned by the government .
   it can be concluded that the land policy and taxation policy are the main
   methods for regulation . it provides macro_direction for the government to
   manage the commercial housing market and control the price of commercial
   residential house , as well as corresponding decision basis for house
   purchasers and commercial housing developers in their purchasing and
   investing . it also provides a systematic prediction method for the
   comprehensive simulation system of the commercial housing market . published
   under license by iop publishing ltd .
ID commerce; system theory; taxation; housing markets; housing prices; policy
   regulations; prediction methods; residential house; simulation systems;
   system dynamics; system dynamics model; housing

---

UT 153
AR Foxon F, 2021, ASTRON COMPUT, V36, DOI 10.1016/j.ascom.2021.100486
TI Evaluating modern system dynamics software for use in astrophysical
   simulations
AU Foxon F
TC 1
SO ASTRON COMPUT
PY 2021
AB system dynamics ( sd ) software provides a diagrammatic way of modeling
   integral and differential relations in a system . in the current literature
   , sd software is typically applied to problems in the social sciences .
   however , the methods utilized in sd are not constrained to these fields ,
   warranting novel applications in the physical sciences . previous literature
   has applied sd software to time_dependent systems , but this method of
   modeling problems in physics has not proved popular in research , possibly
   due to limitations within the software available . the primary contribution
   of this paper is to demonstrate the application of current sd software to
   astrophysical phenomena in which the independent variable is not time ,
   namely in modeling the internal structure of zero_age main_sequence stars .
   this demonstrates an innovative model application with the possibility for
   future adaptations , and extension to other astrophysical phenomena . the
   ease of the modeling process and validity of results for such a system is
   demonstrated , however a number of complications associated with current sd
   software were encountered . suggestions are made as to how these may be
   overcome in future software iterations to make sd software more accessible
   to researchers in astrophysics . 2021 elsevier b . v .
DE simulation model; stellar structure; system dynamics; vensim; zero-age main-
   sequence star
ID astrophysics; social sciences computing; system theory; astrophysical
   phenomena; astrophysical simulations; independent variables; internal
   structure; main-sequence stars; novel applications; primary contribution;
   time-dependent systems; application programs

---

UT 154
AR Ismail SA, 2024, SOC SCI MED, V358, DOI 10.1016/j.socscimed.2024.117260
TI Identifying vulnerabilities in essential health services: Analysing the
   effects of system shocks on childhood vaccination delivery in Lebanon
AU Ismail SA; Tomoaia-Cotisel A; Noubani A; Fouad FM; Trogrlić RŠ; Bell S;
   Blanchet K; Borghi J
TC 1
SO SOC SCI MED
PY 2024
AB shocks effects are under_theorised in the growing literature on health
   system resilience . existing work has focused on the effects of single
   shocks on discrete elements within the health system , typically at national
   level . using qualitative system dynamics , we explored how effects of
   multiple shocks interacted across system levels and combined with existing
   vulnerabilities to produce effects on essential health services delivery ,
   through the prism of a case study on childhood vaccination in lebanon .
   lebanon has experienced a series of shocks in recent years , including
   large_scale refugee arrivals from neighboring syria , the covid_19 pandemic
   and a political_economic crisis . we developed a causal loop diagram ( cld )
   to explore the effects of each shock individually , and in combination . the
   cld was developed and validated using qualitative data from interviews with
   38 stakeholders working in lebanon ' s vaccination delivery system , in
   roles ranging from national level policy to facility_level service delivery
   , conducted between february 2020 and january 2022 . we found that each of
   the shocks had different effects on service demand_and supply_side dynamics
   . these effects cascaded from national through to local levels . both syrian
   refugee movement and the covid_19 pandemic primarily exposed vulnerabilities
   in service demand , mainly through slowly emerging knock_on effects on
   vaccination uptake behavior among host communities , and fear of contracting
   infection in crowded health facilities respectively . the economic crisis
   exposed wider system vulnerabilities , including demand for vaccination as
   household income collapsed , and supply_side effects such as reduced clinic
   time for vaccination , declining workforce retention , and reduced
   availability of viable vaccine doses , among others . finally , important
   pathways of interaction between shocks were identified , particularly
   affecting the balance between demand for vaccination through publicly
   supported facilities and private clinics . future research should
   incorporate dynamic approaches to identifying within_system vulnerabilities
   and their potential impacts under different scenarios , as a precursor to
   improved resilience measurement , system preparedness , and intervention
   targeting . 2024 the authors
DE causal loop diagram; complexity; humanitarian; lebanon; refugee; resilience;
   systems; vaccination
ID child; covid-19; delivery of health care; humans; immunization programs;
   lebanon; pandemics; qualitative research; refugees; sars-cov-2; syria;
   vaccination; lebanon; syrian arab republic; diphtheria tetanus vaccine;
   measles vaccine; child health; health services; refugee; vaccination;
   vulnerability; article; beirut explosion; biofeedback; causal loop diagram;
   child; community assessment; community willingness; coronavirus disease
   2019; decision making; facility level service delivery; field hospital;
   financial management; health care delivery; health care policy; health care
   quality; health economics; health service; human; inflation ( economics );
   interview; lebanon; lockdown; organizational resilience; primary care
   facility; qualitative analysis; refugee; rigorously interpreted quotation;
   shock; stakeholder participation; syrian; system behavior; system dynamics;
   text analysis; vaccination; vaccination coverage; validation study;
   vulnerability; coronavirus disease 2019; epidemiology; health care delivery;
   lebanon; pandemic; prevention and control; preventive health service;
   procedures; psychology; qualitative research; refugee; severe acute
   respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2; syrian arab republic; vaccination

---

UT 155
AR Zhou S, 2021, SUSTAIN, V13, P1, DOI 10.3390/su13020642
TI Effect of green construction on a building’s carbon emission and its price
   at materialization
AU Zhou S; Guo Z/2; Ding Y/2; Dong J/3; Le J; Fu J
TC 14
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2021
AB buildings consume many resources and generate greenhouse gasses during
   construction . one of the main sources of greenhouse gasses is carbon
   emission associated with buildings . this research is based on the computing
   rule of carbon emission at the materialization stage . by taking the
   features of green construction into consideration , quantitative analysis on
   construction carbon emission was undertaken via life cycle assessment ( lca
   ) . making use of vensim ( a system dynamics software package ) , we
   analyzed the amount of carbon emission at the materialization stage and
   determined the major subsystems affecting the carbon emission , then took
   into comprehensive consideration the differences of each subsystem ' s
   carbon emission under different construction technologies . under the
   mechanism of carbon trade at the materialization stage , the total price of
   carbon trades remains unchanged , while the trading price of each subsystem
   is adjusted . under these conditions , a coefficient for step_wise increases
   in carbon price was proposed . by establishing such a system of gradient
   prices , construction companies are encouraged to adopt high_efficiency
   emission reduction technologies . meanwhile , the system also provides a
   reference for the formulation of price_based policies about buildings '
   carbon trading , and accelerates the process of energy conservation and
   emission reduction in china and the world at large . 2021 by the authors .
   licensee mdpi , basel , switzerland .
DE carbon trading prices; green construction; life cycle assessment ( lca );
   system dynamics
ID china; building construction; carbon emission; emission control;
   environmental economics; green economy; greenhouse gas; life cycle analysis

---

UT 156
AR Baghanam AH, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14063376
TI Policy-Making toward Integrated Water Resources Management of Zarrine River
   Basin via System Dynamics Approach under Climate Change Impact
AU Baghanam AH; Seifi AJ; Sheikhbabaei A; Hassanzadeh Y; Besharat M; Asadi E
TC 17
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB in terms of having a comprehensive vision toward supplying the water
   requirements , a multi_criteria decision_making approach was employed on the
   zarrine river basin ( zrb ) in the northwest of iran . first , the climate
   change impacts were analyzed with the long ashton research station weather
   generator ( lars_wg ) downscaling approach by using general circulation
   models ( gcms ) including the european consortium earth system model (
   ec_earth ) , hadley center global environment model version 2 ( hadgem2 ) ,
   model for interdisciplinary research on climate , version 5 ( miroc5 ) , and
   max planck institute earth system model ( mpi_esm ) , from coupled model
   intercomparison project 5 ( cmip5 ) under representative concentration
   pathway ( rcp4.5 , rcp8.5 ) scenarios for 20212080 . afterward , the
   downscaled variables were utilized as inputs to the artificial neural
   network ( ann ) model to predict future runoff under the climate change
   impact . finally , the system dynamics ( sd ) model was employed to simulate
   various scenarios for assessing water balance utilizing the vensim software
   . the results of downscaling models suggested that the temperature of the
   basin will increase by 0.47 and 0.91 c under rcps4.5 and 8.5 by 2040 ,
   respectively . additionally , the precipitation will decrease by 3.5 percent
   under rcp4.5 and 14 percent under rcp8.5 , respectively . moreover ,
   simulation results revealed that the water demand in various sectors will be
   enormously increased . the contribution of the climate change impact on the
   future run_off was a seven percent decrease , on average , over the basin .
   the sd model , according to presented plausible scenarios including
   decreasing agriculture product and shifting irrigation efficiency ,
   cloud_seeding , population control , and household consumption reduction ,
   reducing meat and animal_husbandry production , and groundwater consumption
   control , resulted in a water balance equilibrium over five years . however
   , the performance of individual scenarios was not effective . instead , a
   combination of several scenarios led to effective performance in managing
   reduced runoff under climate change . 2022 by the authors . licensee mdpi ,
   basel , switzerland .
DE climate change; system dynamics; water resources management; zarrine river
   basin
ID climate change; climate effect; decision making; general circulation model;
   policy making; resource management; river basin; spatiotemporal analysis;
   water demand; water resource; water supply

---

UT 157
AR Wang H-G, 2023, SUSTAIN, V15, DOI 10.3390/su151914190
TI The Mechanism and Countermeasures of the Impact of State Subsidy Backslide
   on the Efficiency of Waste-to-Energy Enterprises—A Case Study in China
AU Wang H-G; Rao H/1
TC 2
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB the scientific investment decision model of waste incineration power
   generation is helpful in providing a scientific basis for the government and
   environmental protection enterprises to formulate reasonable waste prices .
   the waste incineration power generation project revenue and cost composition
   framework , based on the project net present value of factors affecting
   causality analysis , the construction of a waste incineration power
   generation ppp project net present value system dynamics model , and the use
   of vensim ple software , version 7.3.5 , combined with the garbage power
   generation of listed companies , was built , and we put into use the
   enterprise ' s financial data and the author ' s research of the case of the
   bot ( buildoperatetransfer ) project data to examine the validity of the
   model test , simulation , and sensitivity analysis . the results show that
   the regression of a national subsidy does not necessarily lead to a price
   adjustment of the waste disposal fee , and when a change in tariff subsidy
   occurs , the loss brought by the reduction in a feed_in tariff can be
   compensated by increasing the income from carbon sinks , decreasing the
   intensity of investment through technological advancement , improving the
   coefficient of waste power generation through garbage classification , and
   increasing the utilization of production capacity through the treatment of
   multiple wastes in a single or a combination of ways . 2023 by the authors .
DE carbon emission reduction; electricity tariff rebate; system dynamics; waste
   disposal fees

---

UT 158
AR Zhao Y/6, 2022, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V775, P97, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-16-5429-9_7
TI Research on Safety Management of Inland River Dangerous Chemicals
   Transportation System Based on System Dynamics and Principal Component
   Analysis
AU Zhao Y/6; Lv Z
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2022
AB this paper proposes a new method to study the safety of inland river
   hazardous chemical transportation under dynamic conditions based on the
   principles of system dynamics by analyzing the related theories of hazardous
   chemical transportation and comparing the traditional static hazard
   assessment methods . the system dynamics model of the inland river hazardous
   chemicals transportation system is constructed in this paper . according to
   vensim_ple , relevant data are obtained by changing the growth rate of the
   safety input of various factors . using the principal component analysis (
   psc ) analysis data to verify the accuracy of the model and study the impact
   of various factors on the safety of the transportation system . the result
   shows that human factors and management factors have a greater influence on
   the safety of the transportation system . it is important to change the
   input indicators of human factors and management factors to improve safety .
   2022 , the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer nature
   singapore pte ltd .
DE safety management; system dynamics; transportation of inland river dangerous
   chemicals
ID chemical hazards; human engineering; principal component analysis; rivers;
   system theory; dynamic component; dynamic condition; inland rivers;
   management factors; principal component analysis; river hazardous chemicals;
   safety management; system dynamics; transportation of inland river dangerous
   chemical; transportation system; chemical analysis

---

UT 159
AR Chen J/1, 2021, J PHYS CONF SER, V1865, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1865/4/042120
TI Research on System Dynamics Simulation of Building Materials Supply Chain
AU Chen J/1; Zhong J; Xie B
TC 3
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2021
AB the bullwhip effect of supply chain under non_information sharing and
   information sharing environment is analyzed theoretically . the model of
   building materials supply chain in two environments is constructed , and the
   system dynamics flow chart is established by vensim ple simulation software
   . the correctness of the theoretical analysis is verified by an example
   simulation . the sensitivity analysis of transportation delay time and
   manufacturer ' s production cycle shows that extending transportation time
   can reduce manufacturer ' s inventory , but raw material inventory in
   transit will increase . shortening the production cycle of producers under
   the information sharing environment is more conducive to reducing the
   bullwhip effect of the supply chain . published under license by iop
   publishing ltd .
DE building materials supply chain; bullwhip effect; system dynamics; vendor
   managed inventory
ID building materials; computer software; information analysis; information
   dissemination; materials handling; sensitivity analysis; supply chains;
   system theory; information sharing; material inventories; materials
   supplies; non-information sharing; simulation software; system dynamics
   simulation; transportation delay; transportation time; manufacture

---

UT 160
AR Li L, 2025, APPL SCI, V15, DOI 10.3390/app15084086
TI System Dynamics Simulation of Policy Synergy Effects: How Tradable Green
   Certificates and Carbon Emission Trading Shape Electricity Market
   Sustainability
AU Li L; Song K; Xu W; Jiang X; Guo C
TC 4
SO APPL SCI
PY 2025
AB with the rapid growth of global energy demand , the fossil fuel_dominated
   electric power industry has led to serious environmental problems . tradable
   green certificates ( tgc ) and carbon emission trading ( cet ) have become
   key mechanisms for promoting sustainable development of the electricity
   market by serving as market_oriented policy tools . to deeply analyze the
   impact of tgc and cet on the sustainable development of china ' s
   electricity market and provide a scientific basis for policymakers . this
   study uses system dynamics ( sd ) methods to construct a policy synergy
   analysis framework for tgc and cet . it explores the impact mechanism of
   dual policy incentives on the sustainable development of the electricity
   market . firstly , the current application status of tgc and cet in china
   was reviewed . based on the literature analysis , identify key factors that
   affect the sustainable development of the electricity market . then , by
   deconstructing the interaction between tgc policy and cet policy , an sd
   model was established that includes multidimensional feedback such as policy
   , technology , funding , and market , and the dynamic functional
   relationships in the sd model were quantified . finally , vensim ple
   software 7.3.2 was used to simulate the evolution of sustainable development
   in the electricity market under different policy scenarios . the research
   results indicate that ( 1 ) the adjustment of the tgc quota ratio can change
   the supply and demand mechanism to form a price leverage effect ,
   effectively stimulate the growth of renewable energy generation capacity ,
   and accelerate the low_carbon transformation of power enterprises . and ( 2
   ) the cet market changes the cost structure of power generation through
   carbon price signals . when the carbon emission cap target tightens , cet
   prices quickly rise , leading to a significant trend of carbon reduction in
   the electricity market . ( 3 ) the application of policy combinations can
   significantly promote the sustainable development of the electricity market
   , but the unreasonable setting of policy parameters can trigger market risks
   . therefore , policy design should focus on flexibility and implement
   appropriate policy combinations at different stages of electricity market
   development to promote green transformation while ensuring smooth market
   operation . this study innovatively reveals the synergistic effect of tgc
   and cet in the sustainable development of the electricity market from a
   systems theory perspective . the research results provide a scientific basis
   for decision_makers to formulate policy adjustment plans and have essential
   reference value for achieving the dual goals of energy structure
   transformation and electricity market stability . 2025 by the authors .
DE carbon emission trading; electricity market; sustainable development; system
   dynamics; tradable green certificate
ID electric industry; electric utilities; energy policy; carbon emission
   trading; green carbons; policy combination; research results; scientific
   basis; synergy effect; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; system
   dynamics simulation; tradable green certificates; green development

---

UT 161
AR Guo T, 2023, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V43, P2122, DOI
   10.12011/SETP2022-1089
TI Complementary asset, technology commercialization capability and business
   model innovation of high-tech incumbent enterprises: Simulation analysis of
   system dynamics that based on business model iceberg theory;
   [互补性资产、技术商业化能力与科技型在位企业商业模式创新—— 基于商业模式冰山理论的系统动力学仿真分析]
AU Guo T; Cao L; Qiao H
TC 3
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2023
AB in order to explore the dynamic effect mechanism of business model tacit
   knowledge , such as complementary asset and technology commercialization
   capability , on the business model innovation of high_tech incumbent
   enterprises , based on business model iceberg theory , this paper constructs
   a system dynamics model that shows the interaction relationship among
   complementary asset , technology commercialization capability and business
   model innovation of high_tech incumbent enterprises , and then selects a
   typical enterprise to conduct simulation with vensim ple software . the
   research results show that complementary asset and technology
   commercialization capability are the important components of business model
   tacit knowledge . complementary asset , technology commercialization
   capability and business model innovation form a virtuous circle and promote
   each other , and then all of them achieve significant improvement . the
   complementary assets for r and d influence the value proposition of business
   model through technical development capability and the complementary assets
   for sale influence the value delivery and realization of business model
   through technical marketization capability . with the change of
   complementary asset elements , the value proposition and value realization
   of business model change with different ranges . among them , industry chain
   maturity , r and d human capital and service support capability have the
   more significant impacts on value proposition . marketing ability ,
   marketing channel and risk identification ability have the more significant
   impacts on value delivery and realization . accordingly , this paper puts
   forward relevant policy suggestions for high_tech incumbent enterprises to
   effectively utilize complementary asset , improve technology
   commercialization ability and then promote business model innovation . 2023
   systems engineering society of china . all rights reserved .
DE business model iceberg theory; business model innovation; complementary
   asset; technology commercialization ability
ID commerce; marketing; sea ice; business model iceberg theory; business model
   innovation; business models; capability model; complementary assets; high-
   tech; iceberg theory; technology commercialization ability; technology
   commercializations; value proposition; computer software

---

UT 162
AR Ariningsih PK, 2022, INTELL ENG MANAG IND 40, P147, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-030-94683-8_14
TI The Importance of Information Sharing in Blanket Order: Case Studies of
   System Dynamics Simulation
AU Ariningsih PK; Azyyati S; Satrio G
TC 1
SO INTELL ENG MANAG IND 40
PY 2022
AB this chapter aims to provide references of the collaboration impact to
   blanket order replenishment system by performing dynamic system simulation .
   system dynamics simulation has been widely used in understanding systemic
   implications throughout the supply chain . two different types of
   relationships in the industry , sister company and brokerage , are tested
   with several scenarios of system dynamics stock and flow model that are
   created in vensim ple_plus based on beer game modification . for each type
   of industry , one scenario is developed to mimic the current system , and
   some other scenarios describe alternatives of improvement . for both types
   of industry , the implementation models involve a three_echelon supply chain
   . the simulation reveals that collaboration in blanket order is able to
   reduce the bullwhip effect and total supply chain cost . the case studies
   demonstrate the best scenario of collaboration in a blanket order system is
   a retailersupplier partnership with minimizing delay . the best scenario has
   reduced cost and bullwhip effects . as a continuation of this strategy , a
   managerial implication had been developed by empowering the strength of
   blockchain information sharing . the editor ( s ) ( if applicable ) and the
   author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer nature switzerland ag
   2022 .
DE blanket order; supply chain collaboration; system dynamic simulation

---

UT 163
AR Hou J/1, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P789, DOI 10.1145/3644523.3644664
TI Research on the Growth Mechanism of Online Retail Industry based on System
   Dynamics
AU Hou J/1; Tian Z
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB the online retail industry is one of the key contents of china ' s
   dual_cycle ' strategy , and has played an important role in epidemic
   prevention , protecting people ' s livelihood , and promoting consumption '
   . with the development of the internet , the trend of national consumption
   habits shifting to online is obvious . but sometimes it will lead to a
   series of problems . based on actual data , this paper will build a growth
   mechanism model of online retail industry . through modeling and simulation
   in vensim environment , explore various influencing factors of its growth
   mechanism , and put forward targeted policy suggestions for the purpose of
   increasing online retail sales and promoting the excellent development of
   the industry . 2023 acm .
DE e-commerce; online retail sales; system dynamics; the growth mechanism of
   online retail industry
ID electronic commerce; system theory; e- commerces; growth mechanisms;
   industry based; online retail sale; online retails; retail industry; retail
   sales; system dynamics; the growth mechanism of online retail industry;
   sales

---

UT 164
AR Amare N, 2022, J ENV PUBLIC HEAL, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/8391616
TI RETRACTED: The Practices of Solid Waste Utility and Thriving Conditions of
   Logistics (a Case of Tepi Town): A Study to Treat the Healthy Environment
AU Amare N; Al-Bhadly O; Birhan M; Sulaiman Hamid S; Mohamad AAH
TC 2
SO J ENV PUBLIC HEAL
PY 2022
AB unwanted remains , discarded residues , and byproduct materials that are not
   required by the initial user are known as wastes . in ethiopia , improper
   solid waste management becomes endemic and it affects the health conditions
   , comforts , and freedom of town communities . improper solid waste
   management can also adversely affect infrastructure damages , socioeconomic
   conditions , and environmental and health problems . so , awareness creation
   among the communities is necessary . the main objective of the study was to
   assess the management of existing solid waste activities and reverse
   logistic systems in tepi town . the impacts of improper solid waste
   management were reduced through waste accumulation , transportation ,
   recycling , and waste removal . available pieces of information for the
   study were gathered from 450 near house places and 549 survivals . the
   collected data were analyzed by using vensim system dynamics software , and
   the obtained results were modeled by a system dynamic because and effect
   relationship diagram . finally , the appropriate recommendations for
   communities , municipals , and institutions were provided . 2022 ngiste
   amare et al .
ID cities; recycling; refuse disposal; solid waste; waste management; article;
   awareness; recycling; software; solid waste; solid waste management; city;
   procedures; solid waste; waste disposal; waste management

---

UT 165
AR Shahbazi A, 2025, ENERGIES, V18, DOI 10.3390/en18092346
TI Assessment of Greenhouse Gas Reduction and Sustainability Index in Waste-to-
   Energy Conversion Scenarios Using System Dynamics Modeling
AU Shahbazi A; Moeinaddini M; Sinha R; Abdoli MA; Hosseinzadeh M; Jaafarzadeh
   Haghighi Fard N; Azizi S
TC 1
SO ENERGIES
PY 2025
AB this study aims to evaluate various waste_to_energy conversion scenarios in
   terms of their potential to reduce greenhouse gas ( ghg ) emissions and
   improve sustainability based on economic and environmental outcomes . to
   achieve this , a comprehensive waste management model was developed using
   the system dynamics approach in the vensim software to predict waste
   generation and composition and compare pyrolysis , incineration ,
   gasification , and sanitary landfill scenarios with the baseline scenario
   over 25 years ( 20252050 ) . the analysis of different waste management
   scenarios highlights the superior performance of pyrolysis in terms of
   energy recovery , economic profit , ghg emissions reduction , environmental
   outcomes , and long_term sustainability . results show that the pyrolysis
   scenario generates the highest electricity , with a cumulative net
   electricity output of 10,469 gwh . although pyrolysis has ghg emissions due
   to energy consumption and direct process emissions , it results in the
   largest net reduction in ghg emissions , primarily due to avoided emissions
   from increased electricity generation , leading to a 346 % reduction
   compared to the baseline scenario . furthermore , the pyrolysis scenario
   demonstrates the highest economic profit at 354 million usd and the highest
   sustainability index ( si ) at 499 million usd . the cumulative si from 2025
   to 2050 shows a 503 % increase compared to the business_as_usual scenario ,
   highlighting its superior sustainability performance . this study highlights
   the importance of strategic waste_to_energy planning in reducing ghg
   emissions and promoting sustainability . it also offers valuable insights
   for policymakers and researchers , supporting the development of sustainable
   waste management strategies and effective efforts for climate change
   mitigation . 2025 by the authors .
DE climate change mitigation; greenhouse gas ( ghg ) emissions; sustainability
   index ( si ); system dynamics modeling; waste to energy ( wte )
ID carbon emissions; cracking ( chemical ); greenhouse gas emissions; low
   emission; strategic planning; systems thinking; waste disposal; waste
   treatment; climate change mitigation; economic profit; environmental
   outcome; greenhouse gas emissions; sustainability index; system dynamics
   modeling; waste to energy; waste to energy conversion; waste to energy;
   global warming

---

UT 166
AR Xinfeng W, 2023, J SYST ENG ELECTRON, V34, P1225, DOI
   10.23919/JSEE.2023.000124
TI Research on strategic risk identification method of equipment system
   development based on system dynamics
AU Xinfeng W; Tao W; Xin Z; Yanfeng W
TC 9
SO J SYST ENG ELECTRON
PY 2023
AB strategic management of equipment system development must attach importance
   to effective strategic risk management . aiming at the identification of
   strategic risk of equipment system development , firstly , the source of
   strategic risk of equip_ment system development is analyzed and classified .
   based on this , a causal loop diagram of strategic risk of equipment system
   development based on system dynamics is established . the system dynamics
   analysis software vensim ple is used to carry out the risk influencing
   factors analysis , risk consequences analysis , risk feedback loop
   identification and corresponding pre_control measures , and achieves a good
   risk identification effect . 1990_2011 beijing institute of aerospace
   information .
DE equipment system development strategy management; loop diagram of causality;
   risk identification; strategic risk management; system dynamics
ID risk analysis; risk assessment; strategic planning; system theory; equipment
   system; equipment system development strategy management; loop diagram of
   causality; loop diagrams; risk identification; risks management; strategic
   risk management; strategic risks; strategy management; system development
   strategies; system dynamics; risk management

---

UT 167
AR Yang H-T, 2024, BIOMASS CONVERS BIOREFINERY, V14, P9571, DOI
   10.1007/s13399-022-02897-0
TI Forecasting and controlling of municipal solid waste (MSW) in the Kaohsiung
   City, Taiwan, by using system dynamics modeling
AU Yang H-T; Chao H-R; Cheng Y-F
TC 7
SO BIOMASS CONVERS BIOREFINERY
PY 2024
AB municipal solid waste ( msw ) management is a prime concern for municipal
   governments in order to safeguard human health , the environment , and
   natural resources . an accurate prediction of msw generation might serve as
   the basis for strategies for the effective and efficient management of msw .
   because different factors might influence waste trends , an accurate
   prediction of waste generation is required for proper waste management
   system design . this project aims to develop a system dynamics model for msw
   forecasting and control based on population , economy , and waste . the
   simulation and quantitative analysis were performed using the system
   dynamics ( sd ) technique , with kaohsiung city , one of the special
   economic zones in southern taiwan , serving as the empirical example . the
   stock_and_flow sd model was constructed using model structure analysis , and
   the causal loop diagram on msw generation was depicted in the vensim
   interface . according to the modeling results , msw generation in kaohsiung
   city would reach 3040 thousand tons by 2030 . this amount might be reduced
   by introducing waste sorting and recycling initiatives and increasing waste
   charges . the results of this research might provide the waste management
   department of kaohsiung city , taiwan , with valuable instructions for
   taking efficient and timely steps for the correct management and utilization
   of the massive volume of solid waste . the author ( s ) , under exclusive
   license to springer_verlag gmbh germany , part of springer nature 2022 .
DE causal loop diagram ( cld ); municipal solid waste ( msw ); simulation;
   stock and flow model; system dynamics ( sd )
ID economics; municipal solid waste; natural resources management; system
   theory; waste management; causal loop diagram; causal loop diagrams; flow
   modeling; municipal solid waste; municipal solid waste generation;
   simulation; stock and flow model; stocks and flows; system dynamic; system
   dynamics modeling; forecasting

---

UT 168
AR Ma M/1, 2023, LECT NOTES OPER RES, VPart F3795, P1758, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-99-3626-7_137
TI Analysing Impacts of Landfill Charge on Recycling Rate Based on a System
   Dynamics System Model
AU Ma M/1; Tam VWY; Le KN; Osei-Kyei R
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES OPER RES
PY 2023
AB in china , construction and demolition ( c and d ) waste is one of the
   largest waste streams . majority of the waste is improperly managed and
   disposed in dumping sites . therefore , there is a pressing need to properly
   manage c and d waste for a sustainable future . legislative measures could
   be adopted to stimulate c and d waste recycling . it is found that increase
   in landfill charge could decrease reliance on landfill . this study develops
   a system dynamics model to evaluate impacts of landfill charge and its
   combination policy with development of recycling centers on recycling rate
   of c and d waste . the model is developed through vensim ple software , and
   urban area of chongqing , china is selected as a case study . findings
   indicate that landfill charges of 10 yuan / ton ( or us $ 1.47/ton ) and 30
   yuan / ton ( or us $ 4.42/ton ) have limited impacts on recycling rate .
   landfill charge of 50 yuan / ton ( or us $ 7.36/ton ) can make some
   differences . impacts of combination policies are obvious and recycling rate
   in this scenario is higher than that in base scenario . findings of this
   paper could help improve the efficiency of c and d waste management and
   adopt market for recycled aggregate . the author ( s ) , under exclusive
   license to springer nature singapore pte ltd . 2023 .
DE c and d waste; recycling; waste management

---

UT 169
AR [Anonymous], 2023, AQUA WATER INFRASTRUCT ECOSYST SOC, V72, P1115, DOI
   10.2166/aqua.2023.193
TI Application of system dynamics model for reservoir performance under future
   climatic scenarios in Gelevard Dam, Iran
TC 4
SO AQUA WATER INFRASTRUCT ECOSYST SOC
PY 2023
AB this study aimed to investigate the effects of climate change scenarios on
   five indicators : reliability , vulnerability , resilience , sustainability
   , and the deficiency of the gelevard dam ( gd ) in iran . downscaling was
   performed from 2020 to 2040 in the future using the can ems2_gcm based on
   different climate scenarios and employing the support vector machines . the
   ihacres model was used to simulate the inflow of gd . the cultivation
   pattern optimization function was performed by utilizing the lingo software
   . similarly , the flow_storage model was created using vensim software . the
   results demonstrated the reduction of inflow by 15 , 36 , and 37 % during
   rcp2.6 , rcp4.5 , and rcp8.5 scenarios , respectively . the results showed
   that if the optimal cultivation pattern ( ocp ) were to be applied , during
   different climatic scenarios , water supply would not be difficult in the
   next 11 , 5 , and 4 years , respectively , yet after that , water shortage
   would gradually appear . the findings concluded that although the
   implementation of ocp would improve the five indicators in all water
   consumption sectors , the gd reservoir would not be able to answer the
   demands in the future . therefore , it would be necessary to implement
   practices to increase water productivity in all sectors . 2023 the author .
DE ihacres; neka basin; optimization; vensim
ID iran; climate change; reservoirs ( water ); water supply; climate change
   scenarios; climate scenarios; climatic scenarios; down-scaling; ihacres;
   neka basin; optimizations; reservoir performance; system dynamics modeling;
   vensim; climate change; cultivation; inflow; optimization; reduction;
   reservoir; software; water supply; support vector machines

---

UT 170
AR Yuan W, 2025, SUSTAIN, V17, DOI 10.3390/su17146607
TI Simulation of Water–Energy–Food–Carbon Nexus in the Agricultural Production
   Process in Liaocheng Based on the System Dynamics (SD)
AU Yuan W; Wang H/3; Liu Y/3; Han S; Cong X; Xu Z
TC 2
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2025
AB to achieve regional sustainable development , the low_carbon transformation
   of agriculture is essential , as it serves both as a significant carbon
   source and as a potential carbon sink . this study calculated the
   agricultural carbon emissions in liaocheng from 2010 to 2022 by analyzing
   processes including crop cultivation , animal husbandry , and agricultural
   input . additionally , a simulation model of the waterenergyfoodcarbon nexus
   ( wefc_nexus ) for liaocheng ' s agricultural production process was
   developed . using vensim ple 10.0.0 software , this study constructed a
   wefc_nexus model encompassing four major subsystems : economic development ,
   agricultural production , agricultural inputs , and water use . the model
   explored four policy scenarios : business_as_usual scenario ( s1 ) , ideal
   agricultural development ( s2 ) , strengthening agricultural investment ( s3
   ) , and reducing agricultural input costs ( s4 ) . it also forecast the
   trends in carbon emissions and primary sector gdp under these different
   scenarios from 2023 to 2030 . the conclusions were as follows : ( 1 ) total
   agricultural carbon emissions exhibited a three_phase trajectory , namely ,
   ' ' rapid growth ( 20102014 ) sharp decline ( 20152020 ) gradual rebound (
   20212022 ) ' ' , with sectoral contributions ranked as livestock farming (
   50 % ) > agricultural inputs ( 27 % ) > crop cultivation ( 23 % ) . ( 2 )
   the carbon emissions per unit of primary sector gdp ( ceag ) for s2 , s3 ,
   and s4 decreased by 8.86 % , 5.79 % , and 7.72 % , respectively , compared
   to s1 . the relationship between the carbon emissions under the four
   scenarios is s3 > s1 > s2 > s4 . the relationship between the four scenarios
   in the primary sector gdp is s3 > s2 > s4 > s1 . s2 can both control carbon
   emissions and achieve growth in primary industry output . policy
   recommendations emphasize reducing chemical fertilizer use , optimizing
   livestock management , enhancing agricultural technology efficiency , and
   adjusting agricultural structures to balance economic development with
   environmental sustainability . 2025 by the authors .
DE carbon emissions; system dynamics; water-energy-food-carbon nexus
ID agricultural production; agricultural technology; carbon emission; economic
   development; livestock farming; simulation; sustainable development

---

UT 171
AR Kashyap A, 2024, RESPONSIBLE PROD CONSUM SUSTAIN FOOD SECUR, P77, DOI
   10.1201/9781003542506-10
TI A SD Approach for Optimizing Food Supply Chain Cost: A Case of Foxnut
   (Makhana) Industry
AU Kashyap A; Shukla OJ
TC 0
SO RESPONSIBLE PROD CONSUM SUSTAIN FOOD SECUR
PY 2024
AB supply chain management ( scm ) is an integrated strategy for efficiently
   delivering the right quantities of products to the right locations and at
   the right time , minimizing overall supply chain costs through continuous
   information flow . this study employs a system dynamics ( sd ) approach to
   model the foxnut supply chain , encompassing farmers , processors , mega
   distributors , distributors , and retailers . the sd model simulates foxnut
   ' s total supply chain cost ( tscc ) , emphasizing the farmer ' s cost share
   , and analyzes costs under different market scenarios . assumptions include
   neglecting wastage_related costs , constant transportation costs between
   intermediaries , considering an 80_gm jar of foxnut , assuming a constant
   production acquisition rate , and excluding the grading cost in the farmer '
   s input costs . using vensim software , the model is calibrated with
   insights from industry experts , research scholars , and academicians .
   findings reveal variations in foxnut ' s tscc and the farmer ' s share over
   time , presenting opportunities for cost reduction , such as enhancing
   cultivation yields , optimizing transportation routes , and streamlining
   intermediary involvement . this study underscores the efficacy of sd
   modeling in analyzing supply chain costs and pinpointing improvement
   opportunities . 2024 selection and editorial matter , dr . pramod k . mishra
   , prof . sameer prasad , prof . b . kamaiah , prof . b . raja shekhar , dr .
   chinmaya behera and dr . pratap k . jena . individual chapters , the
   contributors .
DE foxnut supply chain; makhana industry; supply chain; system dynamics

---

UT 172
AR He M, 2021, JIANGSU DAXUE XUEBAO ZIRAN KEXUE BAN J JIANGSU UNIV NAT SCI ED,
   V42, P562, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1671-7775.2021.05.010
TI Modeling and optimization of modern agricultural logistics system in Jiangsu
   province based on system dynamics; [江苏省现代农业物流系统动力学建模及优化]
AU He M; An Y; Pu J
TC 1
SO JIANGSU DAXUE XUEBAO ZIRAN KEXUE BAN J JIANGSU UNIV NAT SCI ED
PY 2021
AB to determine the interaction among agricultural logistics demand , logistics
   supply , agricultural gdp and regional population in the modern agricultural
   logistics system of jiangsu province , and analyze the impact of logistics
   information technology on the agricultural logistics system , the model of
   modern agricultural logistics system was constructed and optimized . the
   method of qualitative analysis was used with 13 evaluation variables , and
   the vensim ple software was used to draw the because and effect diagram
   according to the relationship between each variable . the method of
   quantitative analysis was used to draw the system flow diagram according to
   the because and effect diagram , and the system dynamics equation of each
   variable was established by jiangsu statistical yearbook , china
   transportation development bulletin and spss data analysis software . the
   model was checked and simulated . the results show that when the proportions
   of investment in logistics information technology are increased by one , two
   and three times , the agricultural logistics supply quantities in jiangsu
   province are increased by respective 2.25 % , 4.49 % and 6.73 % on average ,
   while the costs of agricultural logistics are decreased by respective 0.63 %
   , 1.22 % and 1.82 % on average . using modern information technology in
   agricultural logistics activities can make a positive impact on the entire
   logistics system . 2021 , editorial department of journal of jiangsu
   university . all right reserved .
DE agricultural logistics system; cause-and-effect diagram; dynamic equation;
   modern information technology; system flow diagram

---

UT 173
AR Peng X/1, 2026, ENERGIES, V19, DOI 10.3390/en19051259
TI Enhancing the Resilience of Distributed Energy Storage on Smart Highways: A
   System Dynamics Approach for Dynamic Maintenance Decision-Making
AU Peng X/1; Yang Y/3
TC 0
SO ENERGIES
PY 2026
AB the resilience of intelligent transportation systems ( itss ) heavily relies
   on distributed battery energy storage systems ( besss ) deployed in harsh ,
   unattended highway environments . traditional maintenance strategies often
   fail to account for the dynamic feedback between battery aging ,
   environmental stress , and maintenance response latency . this study
   proposes a system dynamics ( sd ) framework to evaluate and optimize the
   resilience of these critical power infrastructures . by modeling the
   nonlinear interactions among sensor data , controller logic , and remote
   discharge terminals , we simulate the system ' s dynamic behavior over a
   36_month lifecycle . the results reveal a critical ' ' scalability threshold
   ' ' : when battery pack quantity exceeds 40 units , the system ' s
   self_healing time increases disproportionately , degrading resilience .
   furthermore , the study identifies 384 v as the optimal ' ' resilience
   topology voltage ' ' , offering the fastest recovery speed by balancing
   thermal stability with consistency management efficiency . these findings
   provide theoretical guidelines for configuring bess capacity and optimizing
   remote maintenance protocols to ensure uninterrupted highway operations .
   2026 by the authors .
DE battery; highway; intelligent maintenance system; performance management;
   system dynamics; vensim ple
ID battery management systems; battery pack; behavioral research; digital
   storage; dynamics; energy storage; highway planning; intelligent vehicle
   highway systems; life cycle; maintenance; motor transportation; system
   theory; battery; battery energy storage systems; distributed energy
   storages; dynamic maintenances; highway; intelligent maintenance systems;
   performance management; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; vensim
   ple; decision making

---

UT 174
AR Parrado-Hernando G, 2024, J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST, V12, DOI
   10.13044/J.SDEWES.D11.0481
TI Method to Model the Hourly Variability of Renewable Energy Sources in
   Integrated Assessment Models
AU Parrado-Hernando G; Frechoso-Escudero F; Miguel González LJ
TC 8
SO J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST
PY 2024
AB a decarbonized economy implies deep structural changes across industries ,
   including the power system , whose operation needs to balance supply and
   demand instantaneously . the energy planning community usually work with
   hourly_resolution tools , while the integrated assessment community do so
   with the year as the time unit . this article describes a model that
   integrates both time frames to consider limitations and competition among
   suppliers of electricity in long_term scenarios , with spain as the case of
   study . the calibration was carried out over four historical years (
   2017_2020 , including the impact of covid ) to show both the sensitivity of
   different meteorological conditions and differences in the ranking of
   priorities to supply power . the results show values below spain ' s
   objective of 74 % presence of renewables in the electricity mix in 2030 .
   while this objective is reached by our own proposal . 2024 , international
   center for sustainable development of energy , water and environment systems
   sdewes . all rights reserved .
DE energy policy; energy transition; integrated assessment model ( iam ); necp;
   pniec; power system; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 175
AR Qu Q, 2025, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V13447, DOI 10.1117/12.3050269
TI Research on The Risk Control of Straw Power Generation Supply Chain Based on
   System Dynamics
AU Qu Q; Xu G; Wang Z/3; Wang H; Wang Z/6; Li J/1; Gao X; Fu J/1
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2025
AB straw power generation can reduce pollutant emissions and alleviate the
   energy crisis . however , the development of straw power generation supply
   chain is affected by various risk factors . therefore , this study clarified
   the internal structure and feedback mechanisms of the risk factor system ,
   and constructed the system dynamics model of the straw power generation
   supply chain to explore the impact of risk factors on the supply chain in
   terms of cost . subsequently , simulations were carried out using the vensim
   ple software . the results indicate that environmental risk has the greatest
   impact on the total cost of straw power generation supply chain , followed
   by market risk and information risk , with technical risk having the least
   impact . finally , risk control strategies were proposed for the most
   influential risks , and the system dynamics simulation was carried out . the
   results show that the effect of information risk control strategies are the
   most effective , followed by market risk and environmental risk . this study
   provides a theoretical foundation for the risk control in straw power
   generation supply chain and contributes to the sustainable development of
   the straw power generation industry . 2025 spie .
DE risk control; straw power generation; supply chain; system dynamics
ID environmental risks; information risk; market risks; pollutants emissions;
   power- generations; risk control strategies; risk factors; risks controls;
   straw power generation; system dynamics; photons

---

UT 176
AR Zeng X/1, 2021, IEEE ACCESS, V9, P132354, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3100130
TI Nonlinear System Simulation and Forecasting of Regional Technology
   Innovation Using System Dynamics Method
AU Zeng X/1; Deng L; Zhou M/2; Li W
TC 4
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2021
AB this study analyzed complex causal feedback loops in regional technology
   innovation ( rti ) system and established a system dynamics ( sd ) model of
   rti . taking china guangdong pilot free trade zone as a sample , and running
   the model in vensim , it shows high fitting precision and good extrapolating
   performance . the simulation gives out the future trends of rti , fcd , atd
   and ipr royalties international trade of the region . this study proposed an
   effective model of rti , and more importantly , it points out the type ,
   direction and magnitude of the effects caused by ipr policy in rti system .
   this sd model can also be used in policy effect simulation in the future .
   2013 ieee .
DE computer simulation; nonlinear dynamical systems; regional technology
   innovation; system analysis and design; system dynamics
ID international trade; system theory; feedback loop; fitting precision; future
   trends; pilot-free; policy effects; system dynamics; system simulations;
   technology innovation; engineering research

---

UT 177
AR Carlson CS, 2021, IEEE AFRICON CONF, V2021-September, DOI
   10.1109/AFRICON51333.2021.9570946
TI Extracting transmission and recovery parameters for an adaptive global
   system dynamics model of the COVID-19 pandemic
AU Carlson CS; Rubin DM; Heikkila V; Postema M
TC 1
SO IEEE AFRICON CONF
PY 2021
AB accurately modeling the susceptibility , infection , and recovery of
   populations with regards to the covid_19 pandemic is highly relevant for the
   implementation of countermeasures by governing bodies . in the past year ,
   several thousands of articles on covid_19 modeling were published . the
   spread of the pandemic has frequently been modeled using the
   susceptible_infected_recovered ( sir ) epidemic model owing to the low level
   of complexity . in recognition of its simplicity , we developed an sir model
   to represent the spread of disease on a global scale , irrespective of
   mutation and countermeasures . the sir parameters were reverse_engineered
   from aggregated global data . this model is the first to retrospectively
   deduce the initial incidence . the average transmission and recovery
   parameters were computed to be 0.33 week_1 and 0.23 week_1 , respectively .
   these values lie well within the range of reported values on covid_19
   determined from geographically different regions . the model was simulated
   in the ventana simulation environment vensim for a 65_weeks duration and an
   adjusted initial infection incidence , which was presumed three times the
   reported initial infection incidence . the simulated data visually aligns
   with the real incidence data . we attribute the discrepancy between the
   presumed initial value and the reported value to lack of testing facilities
   on the starting date of 1 march 2020 . our parameter extraction suggests a
   novel methodology to quantify undertesting retrospectively in epidemics .
   2021 ieee .
DE coronavirus model; parameter extraction; sir model; system dynamics
ID data visualization; epidemiology; extraction; parameter extraction;
   recovery; system theory; coronavirus model; coronaviruses; epidemic
   modeling; governing bodies; parameters extraction; recovery parameters;
   spread of disease; susceptible-infected-recovered model; system dynamics
   modeling; transmission parameters; coronavirus

---

UT 178
AR Hong J, 2021, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12058, DOI 10.1117/12.2619713
TI A system dynamics approach to analysis for the metro passenger flow: A case
   study of Hangzhou
AU Hong J
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2021
AB metro passenger flow is a complex system with multiple variables and is
   influenced by economics , service capability , passenger perception , fares
   , and other factors . the insights into the internal mechanism between
   variables variation and passenger flow are crucial for effective planning
   and operational management in the metro . thus , this paper proposes a
   system dynamics model based on the because_and_effect analysis and feedback
   loop structures to construct the operational feedback mechanisms of the
   metro passenger flow . the model runs in vensim ple software using the data
   from hangzhou , china . the variation trend of the dynamic processes can be
   used to analyze the effect of variables on passenger flow over time . it
   suggests that the attraction of the metro to passengers should be promoted
   at the early metro development in order to improve the utilization rate .
   meanwhile , a reasonable construction investment plan should be made
   according to the development trend of passenger flow for each stage . 2021
   spie
DE feedback mechanisms; metro; passenger flow; system dynamics
ID economics; feedback control; system theory; case-studies; economic service;
   effective planning; feedback mechanisms; hangzhou; metro; passenger flows;
   service capability; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; investments

---

UT 179
AR Wang G/2, 2021, APPL ECOL ENV RES, V19, P525, DOI 10.15666/aeer/1901_525548
TI Simulation study on the artificial ecosystem of marine ranching at dalian
   zhangzi island
AU Wang G/2; Guan XX; Shi YH
TC 6
SO APPL ECOL ENV RES
PY 2021
AB this study is based on the vensim model with the yesso scallop food chain as
   the core , combined with the multiple feedback effects of functional groups
   and environmental changes , to build an ecological_environment_economy
   system dynamics simulation model of marine ranching , which is both human
   and natural multi_factor feedback scenarios are simulated and predicted .
   the research results show that under natural conditions , the yield of yesso
   scallop is mainly affected by natural disasters , with a stable period of
   about 10 billion grains , and the output value fluctuates around 10,236,922
   eur . the four controllable variables , fishing policy , development
   environment of yesso scallop , sudden major natural disaster coefficient ,
   and long_thorn starfish outbreak coefficient , have the most significant
   impact on yesso scallop production . the large_scale outbreak and sudden
   large_scale outbreak of the long thorn starfish natural disasters can cause
   destructive production reductions in the yesso scallop , but the local
   economic losses can be minimized through human control . the simulation
   model provides a scientific and feasible method for exploring the ecological
   elasticity of marine ranches and the maximum output of economic species .
   2021 , aloki kft . , budapest , hungary .
DE ecological restoration; ecosystem; multi-scenario simulation; system
   dynamics

---

UT 180
AR Yuan H, 2021, LIBR SERV, V65, P13, DOI 10.13266/j.issn.0252-3116.2021.17.002
TI System Dynamics Analysis of the Sustainable Development Path of the
   Government Open Data Ecosystem; [政府开放数据生态系统可持续发展实现路径的系统动力学分析]
AU Yuan H; Wang T
TC 10
SO LIBR SERV
PY 2021
AB [ purpose / significance ] the sustainable development of the government ' s
   open data ecosystem can provide sufficient guarantee for the realization of
   the value of data . therefore , it is of great significance to explore its
   realization path . [ method / process ] based on the theory of the
   information ecosystem , the article sorted out the factors affecting the
   sustainable development of the government open data ecosystem , and built a
   theoretical model of the sustainable development of the open data ecosystem
   , and then proposed the implementation paths based on the simulation results
   of vensim ple . [ result / conclusion ] in the sustainable development
   process of the government open data ecosystem , laws and policies have the
   greatest impact on it , including consumer information literacy , open data
   platform development level and data innovation capability combination ,
   organizational management level , capital investment and technical support
   combination , etc . , have a significant impact on it . finally , the paper
   puts forward the specific path to promote the sustainable development of
   government open data ecosystem . 2021 lis press co . , ltd . all rights
   reserved .
DE government open data; information ecology; sustainable development; system
   dynamics; value realization

---

UT 181
AR Zhu H, 2023, ENV ENG MANAG J, V22, P825, DOI 10.30638/eemj.2023.065
TI MOTIVATING MULTIPLE STAKEHOLDERS FOR GREEN GOVERNANCE OF EXPRESS PACKAGING
   WASTE: AN INTEGRATED APPROACH UTILIZING EVOLUTIONARY GAME THEORY AND SYSTEM
   DYNAMICS
AU Zhu H; Jiang T; Liu L/1
TC 6
SO ENV ENG MANAG J
PY 2023
AB the increase in express packaging waste has led to serious environmental
   pollution that urgently needs to be green governed . however , to carry out
   green governance , multiple stakeholders are needed to take full advantage
   of the joint effect . this paper considered the government , express
   enterprises and consumers to be the main stakeholders , constructed a
   tripartite game model to investigate the evolutionary decision_making
   process based on evolutionary game theory , and then performed simulation
   analysis using vensim software to explore the main driving factors . the
   main conclusions are as follows : enterprise subsidies affect only express
   enterprises , but all three types of stakeholders are sensitive to changes
   in consumer subsidies . when the government combines the two kinds of
   subsidies , consumer subsidies play a major role . the penalty strategies
   are more effective than the subsidy strategies . the higher the penalty is
   for enterprises , the sooner express enterprises will adopt green behavior
   strategies and consumers will adopt participation strategies . if penalties
   and subsidies are used simultaneously , the penalties always play a major
   role . in addition , the effect of low green investment costs and high
   public_praise benefits is almost the same , meaning that implicit benefits
   are just as important as explicit ones . therefore , both environmental
   publicity and technological innovation can play a positive effect . 2023
   gheorghe asachi technical university of iasi , romania . all rights reserved
   .
DE behavior strategy; evolutionary game theory; express packaging waste; green
   governance; system dynamics

---

UT 182
AR Yu H, 2025, J INTELL FUZZY SYST, V49, P495, DOI 10.3233/JIFS-239674
TI Coupled analysis and simulation of safety risk in subway tunnel construction
   by shallow-buried excavation method based on system dynamics
AU Yu H; Peng Z; Wu Z/1; He Z; Huang C
TC 2
SO J INTELL FUZZY SYST
PY 2025
AB to address the existing shortcomings in the research on the coupling of
   safety risk factors in subway tunnel construction using the shallow_buried
   excavation method , this paper conducts a coupled analysis and dynamic
   simulation of the safety risks associated with this construction method .
   firstly , by analyzing the mechanisms and effects of risk coupling in
   shallow_buried excavation construction of subway tunnels , this study
   divides the risk system into four risk subsystems ( human , material ,
   management , and environment ) , establishes an evaluation index system for
   the coupling of safety risks , calculates the comprehensive weight values of
   the risk indicators using the ahp_entropy weight method , and constructs a
   risk coupling degree model by combining the inverse cloud model and efficacy
   function . subsequently , based on the principles of system dynamics , a
   causal relationship diagram and a system dynamics simulation model for the
   coupling of ' ' human_material ' ' risks in construction are established
   using vensim ple software . finally , the case study of the underground
   excavation section of chengdu metro line 2 is employed to perform dynamic
   simulation using the established model . by adjusting the relevant risk
   coupling coefficients and simulation duration , the impact of the coupling
   of various risk factors on the safety risk level of the human_material
   coupling system is observed . the simulation results demonstrate that : 1 )
   heterogeneous coupling of human and material risks has a particularly
   significant effect on the system ' s safety risks . 2 ) violations by
   personnel and initial support structure defects are key risk coupling
   factors . the findings of this study provide new insights for
   decision_makers to assess the safety risk of shallow_buried excavation
   construction in subway tunnel . 2024 ios press . all rights reserved
DE coupling degree model; risk coupling; shallow-buried excavation method;
   simulation analysis; system dynamics
ID computer software; couplings; dynamics; inverse problems; risk analysis;
   safety factor; subways; system theory; tunneling ( excavation ); tunnels;
   coupling degree; coupling degree model; excavation methods; risk coupling;
   safety risks; shallow-buried excavation; shallow-buried excavation method;
   simulation analysis; subway tunnels; system dynamics; risk assessment

---

UT 183
AR Zhang J/1, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-13070-8
TI Systemic and dynamic risk analysis of drilling construction based on
   bayesian network and system dynamics model
AU Zhang J/1; Wu L/1; Zhang T/1; Wu D/1
TC 1
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB drilling construction is a key means to obtain underground resources and
   information , and construction risk also directly affects the safety ,
   economy and sustainability of engineering projects . aiming at the
   limitations of traditional risk assessment methods in the dynamic and
   systematic aspects , this paper proposes a comprehensive analysis method
   combining bayesian network ( bn ) and system dynamics ( sd ) . first ,
   through expert interviews and field investigations , an evaluation system
   consisting of 5 dimensions and 20 indicators was established , and the
   combination of entropy weight method and expert score was used to empower
   the system . then the three_layer bayesian network was constructed by genie
   , and the system dynamics model with 5 feedback loops was established by
   vensim_ple to realize the static and dynamic coupling analysis of risk
   factors . the study found that equipment integrity ( 59 % ) , geological
   conditions ( 55 % ) and operational skills ( 51 % ) were the leading risk
   factors . finally , the model is applied to the actual scene , and the
   results are in agreement with the actual situation . this study provides a
   theoretical framework of probability prediction and process optimization for
   the systematic analysis of complex drilling construction , and provides a
   more comprehensive risk analysis for drilling safety under complex
   geological conditions . the author ( s ) 2025 .
DE bayesian network; drilling construction; entropy weight method ( ewm ); risk
   analysis; system dynamics
ID article; bayesian network; conceptual framework; controlled study; drill;
   dynamics; entropy; feedback system; interview; prediction; probability;
   process optimization; risk assessment; risk factor

---

UT 184
AR Liu Q, 2021, WUHAN LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO (JIAOTONG KEXUE YU GONGCHENG BAN),
   V45, P424, DOI 10.3963/j.issn.2095-3844.2021.03.006
TI Research on the Yangtze River Shipping Safety Countermeasures Facing the
   Mental Health of Seafarers; [面向船员心理健康的长江航运安全对策研究]
AU Liu Q; Pei J
TC 0
SO WUHAN LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO (JIAOTONG KEXUE YU GONGCHENG BAN)
PY 2021
AB ensuring the mental health of seafarers is an important way to reduce human
   accidents in ship navigation . in order to make up for the lack of research
   on shipping safety policies and measures for the mental health of seafarers
   in the yangtze river , the main factors affecting the mental health of
   seafarers were identified through questionnaire survey . from the
   perspective of shipping companies and government , this paper put forward
   safety countermeasures to improve the mental health level of seafarers . in
   order to quantitatively explore the implementation effect of safety measures
   , based on the principle of system dynamics , a system dynamics ( sd ) model
   of mental health of inland river crew was constructed . meanwhile , the
   vensim software was used to simulate and predict the mental health level of
   seafarers . the results show that under the safety intervention measures ,
   the mental health level of seafarers will rise steadily . the safety
   measures adopted by shipping companies have a greater impact on the mental
   health of seafarers than the government . for shipping companies , the most
   effective safety measure to improve the mental health level of seafarers is
   to implement the paid vacation system . on the government side , the
   promotion of tax incentives and wage guidance policies has a better effect
   on the mental health of seafarers than other policies . the research results
   show that the proposed safety intervention measures can significantly
   improve the mental health status of seafarers . 2021 , editorial department
   of journal of wuhan university of technology . all right reserved .
DE countermeasure effect; crew mental; shipping safety; simulation analysis;
   system dynamics ( sd )

---

UT 185
AR Vasiliou VS, 2024, J CONTEXT BEHAV SCI, V34, DOI 10.1016/j.jcbs.2024.100844
TI Capturing the context of drug use for college students: A contextual
   behavioural science informed qualitative analysis of harm reduction
   practices using network feedback loops simulation modelling
AU Vasiliou VS; Meany L; Belluci C; Dockray S; Linehan C; Dick S; Davoren MP;
   Byrne M
TC 0
SO J CONTEXT BEHAV SCI
PY 2024
AB drug use during college can have substantial harm on students ' lives and
   impacts the institutions ' functioning and local communities . yet existing
   interventions for drug use at college poorly address the concurrent dynamic
   influences of the experiences in earlier developmental periods of young
   adults and the proximal contextual triggers of college life . both risk
   factors that can contribute to drug use . to address this , we leveraged
   system dynamic methods and contextual_behavioural science ( cbs ) approaches
   to support the development of interventions focusing at addressin these risk
   factors . using causal loop diagram methods ( vensim ple ) , we collected
   qualitative data from college students to generate network feedback loops (
   nfls ) ( n = 24 , maged 22 years old ) , during the development phase of the
   myuse : a contextual behavioral change intervention for harm reduction
   practices at college students . the findings underscored central nodes (
   determinants within an intervention ) that support our previous identified
   three cbs_harm_reduction practices for college students ( targeted edges :
   mindful drug_use decision making , value_based activities ,
   context_sensitive personalized plan of harm reduction ) . analyzes revealed
   4 nfls for students with previous drug use , consisting of 13 edges ( 4
   positive , 2 negative , and 4 balancing reinforcing relationships ) and 3
   nfls for students with no previous drug use , consisting of 4 positives ,
   one negative , and one balancing relationship . all the nfls were nested
   with the three cbs_related targeted outcomes . college students who use
   drugs need drug_related knowledge about the unpredictable and adverse
   effects of drugs , presented in a compassionate way and distributed from
   credible resources ( e . g . , students ' unions / club ) . students with no
   previous drug use need education about the effects of drugs and awareness of
   how drugs can devaluate value_based activities ( e . g . sports ,
   friendships , social life ) . these should be delivered via proxy cue
   reminders and mobile_text approaches conveying messages about drug use
   susceptibility , distributed in real_time . idiosyncratic , dynamic , and
   contextual_bound factors of lapse risks or preventive practices should
   account for each person_specific vulnerabilities via personalized harm
   reduction plans . 2024 the authors
DE college students; contextual-behavioural science; drug harms; drug use;
   network analysis; network feedback loops; system dynamics

---

UT 186
AR Wang C/2, 2025, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V45, P635, DOI
   10.12011/SETP2024-0097
TI Dynamic performance simulation of brand agricultural product quality,
   preservation, and brand marketing strategies under reference quality
   effects; [参考质量效应下品牌农产品质量、保鲜和营销策略的动态绩效仿真]
AU Wang C/2; Li Y/10; Chen Y/7
TC 0
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2025
AB there is a complex dynamic feedback relationship between the brand goodwill
   , quality and market demand of agricultural products under the reference
   quality effect , which makes the performance of production , preservation ,
   and brand marketing strategies non_linear and counter_intuitive . in this
   paper , a system dynamics model of a regional brand agricultural product
   supply chain under consumers ' reference quality effects was developed , and
   the optimal level combinations of farmers ' production effort , distributor
   ' s freshness_keeping effort , and retailer ' s brand marketing effort in
   different scenarios were obtained with the powell hill_climbing optimization
   algorithm in vensim dss software . we designed four simulation scenarios
   each corresponding to an optimal level combination to simulate the dynamic
   evolution process of regional brand goodwill and supply chain member profits
   , and analyze the dynamic influence mechanism of quality , preservation and
   marketing strategies to optimize the operational strategies of the supply
   chain . the simulation results show that the level of farmers ' planting
   effort is the key decision variable in controlling the performance
   evolutionary process of the system , since both of the distributor and the
   retailer ' s profits and brand goodwill of the produce are highly positively
   correlated with the output quality of agricultural products , but the cost
   of efforts to maintaining high output quality will seriously damage the
   profits of farmers themselves . due to the influence of the reference
   quality effect , the evolution path of brand reputation from non_equilibrium
   dynamics to equilibrium is full of oscillations , and the trough decreases
   significantly with the decrease of the manufacturer ' s quality effort level
   . the context of applying system dynamics modeling and simulating to present
   the performance dynamics of supply chain decision_making from the
   perspective of behavioral operations in this paper is a beneficial
   supplement to current research based on analytical modeling methods and
   focusing on equilibrium control strategies . 2025 systems engineering
   society of china . all rights reserved .
DE brand goodwill; quality level; reference quality effects; regional branded
   agricultural products; system dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; fertilizers; sales; strategic planning; brand
   goodwill; brand marketing strategies; optimal level; output quality;
   performance; quality levels; reference quality effect; regional branded
   agricultural product; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; process
   control

---

UT 187
AR Gunasekara KACKH, 2022, LECT NOTES CIV ENG, V174, P521, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-16-4412-2_40
TI A Model for Management of Sivalakulama Tank Cascade System
AU Gunasekara KACKH; Nandalal KDW; Imbulana US
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES CIV ENG
PY 2022
AB from ancient times sri lanka was considered as a water rich country . but
   recently people , specially living in dry zone , are facing many issues
   without having adequate amount of water resources for their daily use . many
   water management practices consider availability of water resources and
   demand for water only without taking interactions between them . for
   management of a tank cascade system it is important to incorporate dynamic
   interactions among different sectors that comprise a water resource system ,
   such as , physical components ( tanks , canals , etc . ) , economical aspect
   , agricultural sector , etc . a model was developed for the optimal
   management of sivalakulama cascade system , which comprises of 20 tanks and
   situated in galenbindunuwewa ds division in anuradhapura district . the
   study was limited to a sub_system of the sivalakulama tank cascade system
   comprising 10 tanks , which are connected in series and parallel . the model
   is based on system dynamics modeling approach , which enables incorporation
   of different sectors such as physical aspects , economic sector and
   agriculture sector . the model was calibrated using observed water levels in
   three tanks in the sub system . the model showed the reliability of each
   tank in the system in supplying the yala and maha irrigation requirements
   and the possibility to study the impact of having other field crops
   requiring less water . 2022 , the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to
   springer nature singapore pte ltd .
DE system dynamics modeling; tank cascade systems; vensim ple
ID agricultural robots; crops; system theory; tanks ( containers ); water
   management; dry [; cascade systems; daily use; sri lanka; sub-systems;
   system dynamics modeling; tank cascade system; tank cascades; vensim ple;
   waters resources; water levels

---

UT 188
AR Jerden J, 2024, APPL GEOCHEM, V167, DOI 10.1016/j.apgeochem.2024.106002
TI The impact of geochemical and life-cycle variables on carbon dioxide removal
   by enhanced rock weathering: Development and application of the Stella ERW
   model
AU Jerden J; Mejbel M; Filho ANZ; Carroll M; Campe J
TC 15
SO APPL GEOCHEM
PY 2024
AB the carbon dioxide removal ( cdr ) potential of enhanced rock weathering (
   erw ) depends on dynamic interactions between several biogeochemical and
   life_cycle variables . this paper reports results from a systems model
   developed to account for key variable interactions and provide a
   computational tool for optimizing erw applications . we discuss the model
   development , comparisons with laboratory and field test data , and results
   from a series of sensitivity analyzes for several hypothetical erw
   applications . the simulations were performed using a model developed in
   stella architect , an object_oriented systems dynamics modeling code . the
   model tracks the amount of carbon dioxide consumed by the weathering of a
   user_specified mass of rock powder in a soil environment . the primary model
   variables are : rock powder particle size distribution , soil ph , soil
   temperature , soil pore water saturation index , and a biological weathering
   factor . the rock bulk composition is also a key variable as it defines the
   enhanced weathering potential of the rock powder . life cycle variables such
   as carbon emissions from mining , rock crushing , and transport are also
   quantified . the model predictions are consistent with measured data . it
   predicts cdr values ranging from 1 to 12 t co2 ha1 ( depending on conditions
   ) for single applications of 2040 t of rock ha1 over a 10_year interval .
   applying the model to a hypothetical large_scale erw campaign in which
   basalt rock powder is applied to 25 % and 75 % of brazilian cropland results
   in cdr values of 0.15 and 0.5 gt co2 over ten years , respectively ( for a
   single application ) . model results show that combinations of suboptimal
   rock type ( i . e . , low concentrations of divalent cations and slow
   weathering rates for field conditions ) and suboptimal life_cycle variables
   ( i . e . , high vehicle emission factors and long rock transport distances
   ) can result in net positive co2 emissions for some hypothetical erw
   scenarios . it is , therefore , emphasized that the quantitative
   co_optimization of geochemical , biological , and life_cycle variables is
   essential in the planning stages of erw applications . 2024 elsevier ltd
DE carbon dioxide removal; enhanced rock weathering; life cycle assessment;
   mineral weathering; modeling
ID carbon dioxide; clock and data recovery circuits ( cdr circuits ); minerals;
   mining; particle size; particle size analysis; rock mechanics; rocks;
   sensitivity analysis; soil testing; soils; weathering; carbon dioxide
   removal; development and applications; enhanced rock weathering;
   geochemicals; key variables; life cycle assessment; mineral weathering;
   modeling; rock powders; rock weathering; biogeochemical cycle; biological
   weathering; carbon dioxide; life cycle analysis; model validation; particle
   size; rock property; life cycle

---

UT 189
AR Wei J/1, 2023, J SYST SCI, V11, P332, DOI 10.21078/JSSI-2022-0014
TI Study on the Influencing Factors of “Internet +” Recycling of Waste Mobile
   Phone Dominated by Retailers
AU Wei J/1; Zhang K/2; Cai X; Zhang R
TC 2
SO J SYST SCI
PY 2023
AB the popularization of smartphones and the acceleration of their replacement
   lead to a surge in mobile phone disposal . how to recycle waste mobile
   phones efficiently becomes a major problem in today ' s society . the ' '
   internet + ' ' recycling mode is an effective way to solve this problem .
   the recycling process of waste mobile phones involves retailers ,
   manufacturers , third parties and other recycling parts . retailers have
   natural advantages compared with other parts because of their perfect sales
   network and logistics system . the system dynamics model for ' ' internet +
   ' ' recycling of waste mobile phones dominated by retailers is constructed ,
   and the vensim software is used to simulate the influence of changes in two
   key factors in ' ' internet + ' ' recycling environment : annual operating
   cost of online platform and offline unit logistics cost on retailers '
   recycling volume and recycling profit . the results show that the investment
   of online platform operation cost is conducive to the increase of retailers
   ' online waste mobile phone recycling volume and recycling profit , while
   the investment of offline logistics cost increases retailers ' online waste
   mobile phone recycling volume , but reduces the recycling profit . 2023 ,
   science press ( china ) . all rights reserved .
DE retailer dominance; simulation analysis; system dynamics; waste mobile
   phones; internet + recycling

---

UT 190
AR Ismaeel WSE, 2022, ARCH ENG DES, V18, P368, DOI
   10.1080/17452007.2021.1889955
TI Sustainable site selection using system dynamics; case study LEED-certified
   project
AU Ismaeel WSE
TC 22
SO ARCH ENG DES
PY 2022
AB this study establishes a dynamic modeling for site_related credits .
   guidelines of the ' leadership in energy and environmental design ' ( leed )
   system are used for the context and project levels under location and
   transportation ( lt ) and sustainable sites ( ss ) categories , respectively
   . the research steps are . determining site_dependent credits based on leed
   project checklist and credit_weighting calculator , calculating the
   dependency coefficient of credits and categories , developing representative
   causal_effect feedback loops and a stock_and_flow model using vensim_ple and
   testing two alternative project site locations . studying these intrinsic
   relations reveals that proper site selection may earn the project 63 % of
   total available points which qualifies it to leed gold certification level .
   the results show the dominant effect of site selection on the context and
   site_related credits . it also shows the latent effect on other sustainable
   categories . the highest impact is seen for energy_related credits ( ea ) ,
   followed by indoor environmental quality ( ieq ) , materials and resources (
   mr ) and finally for water efficiency ( we ) . comparing site_dependent
   credits for leed version 3.0 and 4.0 shows that they are less in we and ea
   for the latter and more for the mr and ieq categories . this shows that the
   improper selection of a project site may eventually lead to downsizing
   building performance . furthermore , the proposed model establishes a
   dynamic predictive tracing and evaluation mechanism for the rate and pattern
   of point_scoring scenarios to achieve sustainability targets and level of
   certification . it also proposes a new datum to assess the sustainability of
   site locations . both in a comparative and absolute manner . 2021 informa uk
   limited , trading as taylor and francis group .
DE causal-effect feedback loops; leed; stock and flow model; sustainable site
   selection; system dynamics
ID location; site selection; sustainable development; building performance;
   indoor environmental quality; intrinsic relation; leadership in energy and
   environmental designs; project checklist; sustainable site; system dynamics;
   water efficiency; environmental design

---

UT 191
AR Paramasivam A, 2022, DATA SCI APPL POST-COVID-19 PSYCHOL DISORD, P147
TI Mathematical modeling and analysis of psychological disorders
AU Paramasivam A; Vidhushini P; Arunprakash N
TC 0
SO DATA SCI APPL POST-COVID-19 PSYCHOL DISORD
PY 2022
AB in general , a psychological disorder is a syndrome with significant rapid
   variability in control of emotions , cognitive control , and behaviors that
   reflect dysfunction in the biological , psychological , or development
   process underlying the function of cognitive behavior . psychological
   disorders are occurring more prominently in post_covid_19 patients . this
   work aims to investigate a detailed literature review on psychological
   disorders and mathematical models of the system to predict and forecast the
   psychological and mental illnesses and the spread of covid_19 during the
   pandemic . a systematic statistical analysis was more appreciable to
   determine the significant level to suggest an appropriate medical direction
   to overcome the psychological disorders . the mathematical models , such as
   the system dynamics model used to predict the growth rate and causes of the
   various disorders such as depression , bipolar disorder , eating disorders ,
   personality disorders , stress disorders , psychotic disorders , etc . ,
   propose the medical precautions and treatment methods for the dynamic
   combination of psychological disorder patients effectively with a systematic
   approach . further , the extended work on machine learning approaches
   enhances its accuracy . it matches the scenario in real_time to predict the
   effects of disorders in post_covid_19 patients . a set of massive data from
   the open_source will substantiate the model ' s effectiveness in predicting
   disorders of various levels and simulate the data using the system dynamics
   model using vensim to foresee its future growth rate to design and develop
   the methodology to minimize the psychological disorders . the planned
   contents are : stating the various psychological disorders , mapping the
   psychological disorders of post_covid patients with the standard , and work
   performed in the multimodal analysis of psychological analysis in the
   literature to date with the mapped psychological disorders . a questionnaire
   survey from doctors on psychological disorders was quantified and analyzed
   using statistical methods . various mathematical models , such as markov
   chain , monte carlo simulation , sir model , and simulation models of
   multimodal analysis of psychological disorders , substantiate the model
   using the system dynamics using the vensim package to predict the effects .
   using open_source data , the researchers proved the accuracy of the
   computational modeling and stochastic mathematical modeling results in
   building the models to predict the disorders and viable proposed solutions
   for patients ' healthy well_being by minimizing the effect of the disorder
   at the earliest . 2022 nova science publishers , inc . all rights reserved .
DE data analysis; machine learning; multimodal analysis; post covid-19;
   psychological disorder; statistical methods; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 192
AR Yu C, 2022, ISCTT - INT CONF SCI COMPUT TECHNOL TRANSP, P437
TI Study on Water Ecological Carrying Capacity Model of Qin-Mang River Basin
   (Henan Section) based on SD and Cloud Model
AU Yu C; Wang F/1; Zhang D
TC 0
SO ISCTT - INT CONF SCI COMPUT TECHNOL TRANSP
PY 2022
AB in this study , based on the basic data of qin_mang river basin ( henan
   section ) and the evaluation results of the original ' dprsr ' water
   ecological carrying capacity evaluation model , the sd model and cloud model
   of system dynamics were constructed combined with the development status of
   qin_mang river basin ( henan section ) , and the effectiveness of the model
   was tested using the vensim ple software and python software . the results
   show that the constructed sd model has passed the validity test and is
   reliable , so the constructed model can be used for the water ecological
   carrying capacity of qin_mang river basin and has strong consistency with
   the calculation results of the original ' dprsr ' water ecological carrying
   capacity evaluation model . vde verlag gmbh berlin offenbach .
ID cloud computing; ecology; python; rivers; watersheds; capacity modeling;
   cloud modeling; development status; evaluation models; evaluation results;
   model of systems; river basins; section-based; system dynamics; water
   ecological carrying capacities; software testing

---

UT 193
AR [Anonymous], 2024, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V1297, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/1297/1/012025
TI Behavior and performance of the integrated farming system model for cassava
   agribusiness development in Aceh Besar regency
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2024
AB the aim of this research is to analyze the behavior and performance of the
   integrated farming system model to support the sustainable and competitive
   development of cassava agribusiness . this study was conducted in aceh besar
   regency using a system dynamics methodology approach . data and information
   were collected through action research , observation , and interviews . the
   analysis and discussion were carried out using policy structure diagrams and
   simulations . the model formulation and data analysis were performed using
   veneta simulation software ( vensim ple ) . the research findings indicate
   that the behavior and performance of the integrated farming system model are
   significantly influenced by three groups of system behaviors , namely : ( 1
   ) production facilities subsystem , ( 2 ) production subsystem , and ( 3 )
   processing and marketing subsystem . the interaction among these three
   groups of system behaviors is expected to support the sustainable and
   competitive development of cassava agribusiness in aceh besar regency .
   published under license by iop publishing ltd .

---

UT 194
AR Shahbahrami E, 2024, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V24, DOI 10.1186/s12913-024-11692-8
TI A dynamic management model for sustainable drug supply chain in hospital
   pharmacies in Iran
AU Shahbahrami E; Kalhor R; Amerzadeh M; Hasani M; Kiani M
TC 2
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2024
AB background : sustainable supply chain management encompasses the strategic
   coordination and control of material , information , and financial flows ,
   as well as the collaborative efforts among the entities engaged in the
   medicinal supply chain . this research proposes a dynamic and sustainable
   supply chain management model tailored explicitly for the inpatient
   pharmacies of medical centers and hospitals affiliated with iran university
   of medical sciences . methods : this is a quantitative study in terms of
   research objective and a qualitative study based on the stages in the
   conceptual development of the model . therefore , the current study can be
   considered a mixed_methods approach . after identifying the key factors
   influencing the sustainability of the medicine supply chain , we conducted a
   dynamic analysis of the problem using system dynamics methodology . in order
   to simulate the system ' s behavior over 24 months , we utilized a
   combination of existing documentary information and expert opinions . the
   developed model was implemented using vensim ple software , allowing us to
   simulate and analyze the impact of various policies on the system . results
   : medicine disposal exhibited an upward trend , particularly during the
   second 12_month period . conversely , the trend of medicine expirations
   remained relatively stable in the initial months but showed an upward
   trajectory after that . the cost associated with disposed medicine
   experienced a consistent increase , with a higher rate observed during the
   second 12_month period . in contrast , sales of low_consumable medicine
   experienced a significant initial surge followed by a slower growth rate .
   finally , the pharmacy ' s profit demonstrated an overall increasing trend ,
   although the rate of increase was higher during the first 12 months .
   conclusion : among the various scenarios considered , namely ' ' increasing
   the adequacy of human resources , ' ' ' ' increasing the speed of response ,
   ' ' and ' ' utilizing pharmacists in the drug prescribing team , ' ' it was
   found that these interventions had a substantial effect on both enhancing
   the pharmacy ' s profit and reducing medication waste . therefore , these
   scenarios were identified as having the most significant impact . the
   proposed model can serve as a valuable tool for forecasting and informing
   policy_making , providing insights into addressing the challenges associated
   with the sustainable drug supply chain in hospital pharmacies . the author (
   s ) 2024 .
DE medicine; pharmacy; supply chain management; sustainability; system dynamics
ID humans; iran; models organizational; pharmaceutical preparations; pharmacy
   service hospital; pharmaceutics; article; controlled study; drug therapy;
   forecasting; growth rate; hospital pharmacy; human; iran; pharmaceutics;
   pharmacist; pharmacy ( discipline ); prescription; qualitative research;
   quantitative study; simulation; software; economics; iran; nonbiological
   model; organization and management

---

UT 195
AR Aboah J, 2023, PLOS, V18, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0287386
TI Ex-ante impact of pest des petits ruminant control on micro and macro
   socioeconomic indicators in Senegal: A system dynamics modelling approach
AU Aboah J; Apolloni A; Duboz R; Wieland B; Kotchofa P; Okoth E; Dione M
TC 3
SO PLOS
PY 2023
AB vaccination is considered as the main tool for the global control and
   eradication strategy for peste des petits ruminants ( ppr ) , and the
   efficacity of the ppr_vaccine in conferring long_life immunity has been
   established . despite this , previous studies asserted that vaccination can
   be expensive and consequently , the effectiveness of disease control may not
   necessarily translate to overall profit for farmers . also , the
   consequences of ppr control on socioeconomic indicators like food and
   nutrition security at a macro_national level have not been explored
   thoroughly . therefore , this study seeks to assess ex_ante the impact of
   ppr control strategies on farm_level profitability and the socioeconomic
   consequences concerning food and nutrition security at a national level in
   senegal . a bi_level system dynamics model , compartmentalized into five
   modules consisting of integrated production_epidemiological , economics ,
   disease control , marketing , and policy modules , was developed with the
   stella architect software , validated , and simulated for 30 years at a
   weekly timestep . the model was parameterised with data from household
   surveys from pastoral areas in northern senegal and relevant existing data .
   nine vaccination scenarios were examined considering different vaccination
   parameters ( vaccination coverage , vaccine wastage , and the provision of
   government subsidies ) . the findings indicate that compared to a
   no_vaccination scenario , all the vaccination scenarios for both 26.5 % (
   actual vaccination coverage ) and 70 % ( expected vaccination coverage )
   resulted in statistically significant differences in the gross margin
   earnings and the potential per capita consumption for the supply of mutton
   and goat meat . at the prevailing vaccination coverage ( with or without the
   provision of government subsidies ) , farm households will earn an average
   gross margin of $ 69.43 ( annually ) more than without vaccination , and the
   average per capita consumption for mutton and goat meat will increase by
   1.13kg / person / year . when the vaccination coverage is increased to the
   prescribed threshold for ppr eradication ( i . e . , 70 % ) , with or
   without the provision of government subsidies , the average gross margin
   earnings would be $ 72.23 annually and the per capita consumption will
   increase by 1.23kg / person / year compared to the baseline ( without
   vaccination ) . this study ' s findings offer an empirical justification for
   a sustainable approach to ppr eradication . the information on the
   socioeconomic benefits of vaccination can be promoted via sensitization
   campaigns to stimulate farmers ' uptake of the practice . this study can
   inform investment in ppr control . copyright : 2023 aboah et al . this is an
   open access article distributed under the terms of the creative commons
   attribution license , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and
   reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are
   credited .
ID animals; goat diseases; goats; income; peste-des-petits-ruminants; peste-
   des-petits-ruminants virus; senegal; peste-des-petits-ruminants virus
   vaccine; unclassified drug; virus vaccine; agricultural procedures;
   agricultural worker; article; capital; compartment model; controlled study;
   dynamics; epidemiology; food security; goat; government; health care policy;
   health survey; household; income; infection control; meat; mutton; nonhuman;
   nutritional health; peste-des-petits-ruminants; profit; senegal; sheep
   farming; simulation; social marketing; socio-economic parameters;
   statistical significance; vaccination coverage; validation study; viral
   clearance; animal; goat disease; peste-des-petits-ruminants; peste-des-
   petits-ruminants virus; senegal

---

UT 196
AR Krivtsov V, 2021, WIT TRANS ECOL ENV, V251, P11, DOI 10.2495/WS210021
TI Further development of the Ebbsfleet water management system dynamics model:
   Adjusting representation of processes and system boundaries, incentivising
   stakeholder re-engagement, and exploring potential for university teaching
AU Krivtsov V; Pagano A; Ahilan S; O’Donnell E; Pluchinotta I
TC 3
SO WIT TRANS ECOL ENV
PY 2021
AB sustainable urban water management must address interconnected social ,
   technical and environmental issues . modeling helps us understand these
   interconnections and provides a tool to analyze interactions between the
   urban water system and alternative management strategies . models may be
   used to simulate not only the effects of climate , social and economic
   changes , but also the impacts of technological innovations , and different
   policy interventions . this paper reports an update of the ebbsfleet water
   management system dynamics model ( sdm ) that explores sustainable urban
   water management . the model is open_source compiled using vensim software ,
   which is free for non_commercial use . this paper demonstrates that the
   current sdm and the modeling approach are open to adjustment , which is
   illustrated by introducing a link between water tariffs and environmental
   awareness . the increase in water tariffs leads not only to the obvious
   increase in water bills , but also to an increase in environmental awareness
   , and consequently , to increases in the use of water efficiency devices ,
   gray water acceptability , and gray water reuse . a range of further
   modifications is suggested , including expanding representation of
   sustainable drainage systems ( suds ) to consider resultant improvements in
   stormwater quality as well as quantity . this would recognize the indirect
   benefits of improved stormwater quality on biodiversity in the river
   ebbsfleet , which is the receiving watercourse . this study intends to
   encourage knowledge transfer , by facilitating and incentivising the use and
   further development of the sdm by stakeholders and a wider community of
   end_users , including practitioners , academics and the public . while sdm
   is particularly suited to analysis of indirect relations , benefits and
   trade_offs among system constituents , other approaches provide viable
   alternatives and we discuss the potential for re_implementing our findings
   in other interactive modeling software packages and programming languages .
   we also explore the scope for linking the adapted sdm to other models .
   finally , we consider the utility of the ebbsfleet sdm in teaching ,
   learning and knowledge transfer . we conclude that students , practitioners
   and other stakeholders could not only enhance their understanding of urban
   water management complexity , but also gain valuable system modeling skills
   based on using the sdm to support kinaesthetic learning . ultimately ,
   society benefits when the level of knowledge and analytical thinking skills
   of its members are enhanced . 2021 wit press .
DE industrial ecology; nature-based solutions; pricing policy; public
   engagement; sensitivity analysis; societal benefits; system thinking; water
   balance; water security; what-if scenarios

---

UT 197
AR Mohagheghian E, 2021, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V1383 AISC, P383, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-030-73689-7_37
TI Sustainability Considerations in the Product Design Using System Dynamics
   and Fuzzy Cognitive Maps
AU Mohagheghian E; Hosseini-Nasab H; Abraham A; Fakhrzad M-B
TC 0
SO ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT
PY 2021
AB globally , sustainable product design is an issue that has been receiving
   more academic attention around the world . understanding the
   sustainability_related design decisions seems to be important to ensuring
   sustainable design . based on a stance , this study attempted to quantify
   sustainability factors in the product design through a hybrid method which
   combines the fuzzy cognitive mapping ( fcm ) and the system dynamics ( sd )
   approaches . designer behavior with regard to sustainability criteria was
   simulated in vensim and sourced through sessions of two groups who deal with
   sustainable design . the results provide an easy_to_understand model of
   sustainable design to help designers analyze the dynamics of the
   because_and_effect relationships between factors of sustainable design and
   long term scenarios , therefore , different scenarios at the inter and
   intra_cluster levels were built to determine the impacts of variable changes
   on the model developed . 2021 , the author ( s ) , under exclusive license
   to springer nature switzerland ag .
DE fuzzy cognitive maps ( fcm ); sustainability; system dynamics ( sd )
ID cognitive systems; pattern recognition; product design; soft computing;
   sustainable development; system theory; cause-and-effect relationships;
   design decisions; designer behaviors; fuzzy cognitive map; fuzzy cognitive
   mappings; sustainability considerations; sustainability criteria;
   sustainable product designs; ecodesign

---

UT 198
AR Vosoughi M, 2025, J OPTIM IND ENG, V18, P351, DOI 10.71720/joie.2025.1220537
TI Simulation of banking loan barriers to industry: insights from a system
   dynamics model
AU Vosoughi M; Nahavandi B; Homayounfar M
TC 0
SO J OPTIM IND ENG
PY 2025
AB industrial financing is pivotal to economic development , yet it faces
   persistent barriers , including institutional rigidities , informational
   asymmetries , and macroeconomic volatility , which constrain credit flows
   and exacerbate underinvestment . this study applies system dynamics modeling
   to unravel these intricate interactions , constructing a validated framework
   that delineates causal interdependencies and projects policy outcomes over a
   60_month horizon . a comprehensive literature review identified 54
   categorized barriers , refined through expert consultations via purposive
   snowball sampling and causal loop diagramming . a vensim ple_based stock and
   flow model , incorporating six core stocks , was developed and rigorously
   validated for structural and behavioral accuracy to ensure empirical
   robustness . scenario analyzes contrasted a baseline with three policy
   interventions : credit facilitation with institutional reforms , regulatory
   tightening amid financial stress , and adaptive responses to external shocks
   ( e . g . , sanctions ) . under the baseline , the system achieved natural
   equilibrium with gradual growth , moderate bank profitability , and
   constrained industrial capacity . the ' ' credit facilitation and
   institutional improvement ' ' scenario yielded optimal results , with
   enhanced repayment flexibility and refined credit assessment driving
   substantial loan growth , elevated profitability , and controlled default
   risk . conversely , ' ' financial pressure and regulatory tightening ' '
   induced severe credit contraction , rising non_performing loans , and
   diminished profitability , underscoring the perils of overly restrictive
   policies . the ' ' external shock and adaptive response ' ' scenario
   triggered temporary declines in profitability and credit access , but
   endogenous mechanisms facilitated partial recovery . these findings affirm
   that facilitative and institutional policies maximize efficiency and
   sustainability for the banking and industrial sectors 2025 qazvin islamic
   azad university . all rights reserved .
DE industrial financing; loan-granting barriers; scenario analysis; simulation;
   system dynamics

---

UT 199
AR Li X/14, 2021, COMPLEX, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/6618940
TI Dynamic Simulation of Low-Carbon Competitiveness from the Perspective of
   Circular Economy
AU Li X/14; Luo F
TC 4
SO COMPLEX
PY 2021
AB in accordance with the requirements of the circular economy in guangxi ( of
   prc ) and the characteristics of the drivers of low_carbon competitiveness
   in the regional construction industry , a causal flowchart of influencing
   factors of the low_carbon competitiveness in the guangxi construction
   industry is constructed , and a model based on system dynamics is
   established . after the entropy weight method is used to determine the
   variable weight , vensim ple software is used to simulate the development
   trend of the low_carbon competitiveness of the guangxi construction industry
   . the simulation results of the promotion effect of various factors on the
   development of the low_carbon competitiveness of the regional construction
   industry from 2010 to 2020 are obtained , and countermeasures and
   suggestions are proposed from the perspective of a circular economy . 2021
   xing li and fuzhou luo .
ID carbon; construction industry; circular economy; development trends; entropy
   weight method; model-based opc; promotion effects; regional construction
   industry; system dynamics; variable weight; competition

---

UT 200
AR Zhu H/1, 2025, INFECT DIS POVER, V14, DOI 10.1186/s40249-025-01293-w
TI Optimal control strategies supported by system dynamics modelling: a study
   on hookworm disease in China
AU Zhu H/1; Zheng J/2; Huang J/1; Zhang M/6; Zhou C; Zhu T; Tian H; Wu X; Liu
   Y/4; Zhong B; Xie H; Zhang L/3; Tie L; Luo J; Mao X/1; Zhang B/5; Deng X/1;
   Zhang S; Qian M; Li S/1; Zhou X/1
TC 0
SO INFECT DIS POVER
PY 2025
AB background : hookworm disease remains a global health issue . in china , it
   persists with a 0.67 % infection rate and uneven distribution in 2021 .
   optimized control strategies are needed . this study aims to optimize
   intervention strategies for hookworm disease in china . methods : structural
   analysis and parameter estimation were conducted using system dynamics
   theory . key variables were identified via the delphi method , leading to
   the creation of a causal loop diagram ( cld ) and stock flow chart ( sfc ) .
   based on the sfc , parameter estimation and quantitative relationships were
   established and the model was validated . a cost_effectiveness model was
   then integrated into the intervention mechanism model . various intervention
   measures were tested in the model to determine their cost_effectiveness
   ratio ( cer ) and effectiveness . generalized linear models were constructed
   from simulation data , accounting for the impact of survey sites . the
   results were used to develop an optimized strategy for hookworm disease
   control . results : in comparing drug treatment methods , whole population
   deworming ( wpd ) and key population deworming ( kpd ) showed lower cers
   than examination and voluntarily deworming ( evd ) , saving 384.79504.64 cny
   and 354.35506.21 cny per infection reduced , respectively ( p < 0.001 ) .
   for wpd or kpd alone , cer decreased with increased drug coverage . for
   examination and deworming ( ed ) and evd , cer was highest at 30 % coverage
   for a 1_year intervention , but at 90 % coverage for 25 years ( p < 0.05 ) .
   wpd , ed , and evd had higher infection reduction rates than kpd , with
   ratios of 0.140.25 , 0.100.19 , and 0.080.17 , respectively , over 15 years
   ( p < 0.001 ) . continuous health education over 15 years showed that
   increasing coverage from a 10 % baseline led to enhancing cost_effectiveness
   and intervention outcomes . conclusions : in high_endemic areas ( infection
   rate 20 % ) in china , prioritize wpd for better cost_effectiveness and
   outcomes . in medium_endemic areas ( 5 % infection rate < 20 % ) where wpd
   is not feasible , use ed for cost_effectiveness and kpd for infection
   reduction , based on local needs . in low_endemic areas ( infection rate < 5
   % ) , encourage voluntary examination and treatment due to limited
   cost_effectiveness of mass treatment . combining drug treatment with
   extensive health education can enhance long_term control effect . this
   strategy can guide control efforts for hookworm diseases in china . clinical
   trial number : not applicable . the author ( s ) 2025 .
DE china; hookworm disease; intervention strategy; system dynamics
ID anthelmintics; china; cost benefit analysis; hookworm infections; humans;
   models theoretical; anthelmintic agent; adult; ancylostoma duodenale;
   antihelminthic therapy; article; artificial intelligence; causal loop
   diagram; china; cost control; cost effectiveness analysis; delphi study;
   disease control; disease transmission; dynamics; endemic disease; feces
   analysis; female; health education; hookworm; hookworm infection; human;
   hygiene; infection rate; key population deworming; machine learning; mass
   drug administration; mathematical analysis; necator americanus; nonhuman;
   prevalence; stock flow chart; system dynamics modeling; whole population
   deworming; cost benefit analysis; drug therapy; epidemiology; prevention and
   control; theoretical model

---

UT 201
AR Mylonakou M, 2023, SYST, V11, DOI 10.3390/systems11030112
TI System Dynamics Analysis of the Relationship between Urban Transportation
   and Overall Citizen Satisfaction: A Case Study of Patras City, Greece
AU Mylonakou M; Chassiakos A; Karatzas S; Liappi G
TC 13
SO SYST
PY 2023
AB the main objective of this research is to evaluate how the transport sector
   affects the satisfaction of citizens . the model developed aims both at
   assessing the satisfaction of citizens and using it as a tool to measure the
   change in citizens ' satisfaction resulting from new mobility practices or
   policies . the developed scenarios are based on the principles of
   sustainability and the action plans concern : better accessibility
   conditions for alternative means of transport . improving travel safety .
   reducing air pollution , greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption .
   increasing efficiency and effectiveness in the movement of people and goods
   . and enhancing the attractiveness and quality of the urban environment .
   the results reveal that it is necessary for local decision makers to take
   further measures to increase the overall satisfaction of citizens with the
   aim of prosperity and happiness of citizens within their city , and the
   proposed model can support the decision_making process . utilizing the
   developed system dynamics model , it is possible to make simulations with
   new data and at the same time to evaluate the change they bring to the
   individual sectors and to the overall satisfaction of the citizens . 2023 by
   the authors .
DE satisfaction level; sumi; sustainability; system dynamics; transport
   indicators; urban transportation; vensim

---

UT 202
AR Güz Ş, 2025, J HYDROL REG STUD, V62, DOI 10.1016/j.ejrh.2025.103013
TI Dynamic coupling of hydrogeology and human decision-making for sustainable
   groundwater management in Konya Closed Basin, Türkiye
AU Güz Ş; Uygur İ; Copty NK; Saysel AK
TC 0
SO J HYDROL REG STUD
PY 2025
AB study region : the konya closed basin , a 50,000 km2 semi_arid agricultural
   region in central turkiye , with severe groundwater depletion due to
   intensive irrigation and uncontrolled well drilling . study focus : we
   developed and applied a coupled socio_hydrological model that integrates a
   process_based groundwater flow model ( modflow_uzf ) with a system dynamics
   model ( vensim ) to simulate both hydrogeological processes and human
   decision_making . a python_based coupling framework enables the
   bidirectional exchange of variables across different spatial and temporal
   resolutions . the coupled model , calibrated using historical groundwater
   level data from long_term observation wells , is used to test the impacts of
   various policy configurations , including crop pricing , extraction caps and
   surface water transfers . new hydrological insights for the region : the
   coupled model captures both seasonal variability and long_term depletion
   trends more accurately than stand_alone models . we demonstrate that spatial
   and temporal disaggregation of policy measures can significantly enhance
   groundwater resource management . by incorporating feedback between aquifer
   conditions and farmer decisions , the model demonstrates how socio_economic
   and hydrological drivers jointly shape groundwater dynamics . through this
   coupling , we emphasize the advantages of harnessing the respective
   strengths of each modeling approach to overcome the limitations of the other
   . these insights highlight the value of integrated modeling for sustainable
   groundwater governance in data_scarce , densely_irrigated regions . 2025 the
   authors . published by elsevier b.v . this is an open access article under
   the cc by license . http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
DE groundwater management; hydrogeology; model coupling; process-based
   modeling; socio-hydrology; system dynamics modeling

---

UT 203
AR Zhang D/4, 2025, PROC INT CONF COMPUT SCI MANAG TECHNOL ICCSMT, P927, DOI
   10.1145/3708036.3708189
TI Research on the Impact of Regional Collaborative Innovation Policies on
   Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Collaborative Innovation Based on System Dynamics
AU Zhang D/4; Yu M
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF COMPUT SCI MANAG TECHNOL ICCSMT
PY 2025
AB this article takes the beijing tianjin hebei region as the research object ,
   uses the system dynamics method to construct a regional innovation system
   model for the beijing tianjin hebei region , and uses vensim software for
   simulation to analyze the impact of regional collaborative innovation
   policies on the collaborative innovation capability of the beijing tianjin
   hebei region . the research results indicate that regional collaborative
   innovation policies mainly affect regional innovation capabilities by acting
   on governments , enterprises , and universities in three regions . among
   them , fiscal and technological expenditures , as well as intellectual
   property protection policies , have a significant promoting effect on
   regional collaborative innovation capabilities , while tax incentive
   policies have a relatively small promoting effect on regional collaborative
   innovation capabilities . therefore , targeted measures should be formulated
   and implemented to accelerate the enhancement of regional collaborative
   innovation capabilities , such as implementing an intellectual property
   protection system that is in line with the actual situation of the beijing
   tianjin hebei region , and increasing financial and technological support .
   2024 copyright held by the owner / author ( s ) . publication rights
   licensed to acm .
DE beijing-tianjin-hebei; regional collaborative innovation policy; regional
   innovation system; system dynamics
ID beijing-tianjin-hebei; beijing-tianjin-hebei regions; collaborative
   innovation; innovation capability; innovation policies; regional
   collaborative; regional collaborative innovation policy; regional innovation
   systems; system dynamics; tianjin; collaborative learning

---

UT 204
AR Vancouver JB, 2023, COMPUT MODEL INDORGAN PSYCHOL, P211, DOI
   10.4324/9781003388852-10
TI Computational modeling with system dynamics
AU Vancouver JB; Li X/3
TC 0
SO COMPUT MODEL INDORGAN PSYCHOL
PY 2023
AB building computational models requires a perspective and a software platform
   . in this chapter , the system dynamics perspective , and its most common
   software platform , vensim , are described . the authors describe how to use
   the software platform to build conceptual structures representing common
   dynamic processes like growth , limited growth , learning and calibration ,
   and goal striving . methods for debugging and assessing models using the
   software are also described . finally , applications to i_o type issues ,
   like resistance to change , and methodology concerns , like spurious causal
   inferences and ambiguous causal influence , are addressed from the system
   dynamics perspective . 2024 selection and editorial matter , jeffrey b .
   vancouver , mo wang and justin m . weinhardt . all rights reserved .

---

UT 205
AR Zhang H/1, 2022, PROCESS, V10, DOI 10.3390/pr10050981
TI Analysis of Grid Response Strategies for the Safety Behavior Risk Events of
   Transportation System Based on System Dynamics—“the Assistant Watchman Does
   Not Appear as Required”
AU Zhang H/1; Qi C; Ma M
TC 2
SO PROCESS
PY 2022
AB employees are the most important and dynamic elements in the railway
   transportation system . how to achieve accurate control of inertial
   violation of ' ' key person , key matter , key period ' ' , and formulate
   more personalized risk response strategy is a thorny problem that faced by
   safety managers . the existing risk response usually takes control measures
   from the perspective of the system as a whole , ignoring the heterogeneity
   of risk , and the selection of response strategies only considers the target
   risks to be dealt with , ignoring the secondary risks that may occur in the
   process of risk response , or the residual risks formed by changing the
   existing risk , coupled with the lack of quantitative evaluation of risk
   response effect , resulting in poor risk response effect . by introducing
   the grid theory and taking the risk event of ' ' the assistant watchman does
   not appear as required ' ' at huangyangcheng station of shenshuo railway as
   an example , this study constructs a grid response model of the assistant
   watchman risk events based on system dynamics . through the grid division ,
   the model accurately locates and classifies the assistant watchman on duty .
   then , during the system dynamics simulation process , the hazard factor is
   regarded as a bridge , and the traditional virtual boundary of system
   simulation is transformed into accurate grid definition . by improving the
   response strategy of safety behavior risk event of the assistant watchman on
   duty in cell grid and using vensim_ple software for personalized simulation
   , the intervention of ' ' the assistant watchman does not appear as required
   ' ' risk event is transformed from qualitative analysis to dynamic
   quantitative mathematical model , so as to realize the personalized response
   simulation analysis of employees in the grid . 2022 by the authors .
   licensee mdpi , basel , switzerland .
DE grid theory; hazard factors; railway transportation system; risk response;
   system dynamics

---

UT 206
AR Xiao S/1, 2025, GONGKU JIAOTONG KEJI, V42, P50, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1002-0268.2025.12.005
TI System dynamics based prediction on Guangdong-Hong Kong cross-border highway
   traffic flow; [基于系统动力学的粤港跨境公路交通流量预测]
AU Xiao S/1
TC 0
SO GONGKU JIAOTONG KEJI
PY 2025
AB [ objective ] this study developed a traffic flow prediction model based on
   system dynamics theory to scientifically predict the future scale of
   guangdong_hong kong cross_border highway traffic flow , as well as improve
   the scientific nature of transport infrastructure planning decisions . [
   method ] first , the cross_border highway transport was divided into
   categories of passenger and freight . a diagram of systematic causality was
   formed . it analyzed the correlation between the flow of cross_border
   passenger vehicles and the economic development , population size , vehicle
   factors , respectively . and analyzed the correlation between the flow of
   cross_border trucks and guangdong_hong kong trade , port freight , life
   necessities supply demand from mainland to hong kong , respectively . second
   , the system flowchart and dynamic equations were constructed by using
   vensim ple software . a system dynamics model of guangdong_hong kong
   cross_border highway traffic flow was established . the model accuracy was
   verified through simulation based on the measured data from 1999 to 2019 .
   finally , the scenario analysis was conducted in low , medium , and high
   growth conditions to predict the cross_border highway traffic flow up to
   2035 . [ result ] the simulation result indicates that the system dynamics
   model achieves a prediction error within 6 . 5 % , confirming its
   reliability . the prediction result indicates that the daily cross_border
   highway traffic flow will reach 54 600 vehicles in the low growth scenario ,
   71 000 in the medium growth scenario , and 218 000 in the high growth
   scenario by 2035 . the traffic flow of passenger vehicles grows much faster
   than freight , and becomes the main driver of total growth . [ conclusion ]
   the system dynamics based prediction method is practical and adaptable . it
   overcomes the limitations of traditional models that fail to capture complex
   cross_border interactions . the findings provide a scientific basis for
   planning new cross_border highways , improving traffic facilities , and
   formulating future transport policies between guangdong and hong kong . the
   author ( s ) 2025 .
DE cross-border transport; intelligent transport; scenario analysis; system
   dynamics; traffic flow prediction

---

UT 207
AR Azadi S, 2022, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, DOI 10.1007/s11356-022-20335-6
TI Optimizing cropping pattern to improve the performance of irrigation network
   using system dynamics—Powell algorithm
AU Azadi S; Nozari H; Ghanbarian B; Marofi S
TC 10
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB one of the strategies for agricultural development is the optimal use of
   irrigation and drainage networks , which leads to higher productivity and
   economic benefits . in this regard , quantitative and qualitative studies of
   drainage water from networks are essential for efficient water management .
   in the present study , we develop a model using a system dynamics approach
   to simulate the cropping pattern of an irrigation and drainage network as
   well as the discharge and salinity of drainage water from network farms . we
   apply the powell algorithm to optimize the economic profitability of
   cultivated crops by considering the salinity and discharge of drainage water
   from the fields . with three aims , i . e . , ( 1 ) maximizing benefitcost
   ratio , ( 2 ) minimizing drainage water salinity and discharge of network ,
   and ( 3 ) economic and environmental considerations simultaneously , the
   optimization of cropping pattern within the kosar irrigation and drainage
   network is performed . results based on five consecutive years under
   different scenarios showed that some crops , such as watermelon , are not
   economically recommened for production due to high costs , water consumption
   , and low selling price causes environmental pollution . on the other hand ,
   wheat , grain maize , silage maize , sorghum , and alfalfa have different
   conditions , and their production is suitable by considering all scenarios .
   by comparing with experimental data , we find that the proposed model is
   accurate to simulate and optimize the irrigation network and to detect its
   cropping pattern . 2022 , the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to
   springer_verlag gmbh germany , part of springer nature .
DE crop yield; cropping pattern; economic profitability; irrigation network;
   modeling; vensim software
ID agricultural irrigation; agriculture; algorithms; crops agricultural; edible
   grain; farms; water; water; agricultural land; agriculture; algorithm; crop;
   food grain; irrigation ( agriculture ); procedures

---

UT 208
AR Monjezi S, 2021, WATER RESOUR, V48, P1013, DOI 10.1134/S009780782106018X
TI Simulation of Salinity Distribution of Anbar Salt Dome in Gotvand Reservoir
   in Iran, Using System Dynamics and Proposes a Strategy to Reduce Salinity
AU Monjezi S; Najarchi M; Mo’meni M; Monjezi N; Hassuninezade H
TC 0
SO WATER RESOUR
PY 2021
AB abstract : to water quality management of the gotvand reservoir , this paper
   attempts to determine to what extent the negative impacts of anbar salt
   domes dissolution can be reduced considering releasing water from different
   levels of the dam reservoir . in this respect , the required field data at
   gotvand reservoir site were collected and hydrodynamic simulation of the
   reservoir as well as salt karst dissolution process were performed from
   august , 2011 to march , 2017 by system dynamics method and using the vensim
   software . the sd model analysis results showed that the amount of salt
   stored was about 69 million tons and salt dissolution coefficient value
   during the simulation period varies between 98 and 339.5 kg / s . this
   variation for the salt karst corrosion is 4.77.4 cm / day . also , by
   dewatering from levels above the level of lower gates ( 149.5 m on average )
   can decline the salinity of the released water by 85.3 % . moreover , the
   most important factor in salt karst dissolution was the water surface
   elevation in the reservoir . therefore , it can be concluded that by
   controlling the amount of water flowing into the gotvand dam ' s reservoir
   via controlling the amount of water flowing out of the dez dam , situated on
   the upstream of the gotvand dam , and by controlling the amount of water
   flowing out of the gotvand dam ' s reservoir , and to put it differently ,
   by implementing the optimum rule curves for the gotvand dam and the dez dam
   , the salinity of the water flowing out of the gotvand dam ' s reservoir can
   be largely reduced . 2021 , pleiades publishing , ltd .
DE gotvand dam; salinity distribution; system dynamics; vensim
ID gotvand dam; iran; khuzestan; computer simulation; dissolution;
   hydrodynamics; karst; salinity; salt dome; water flow; water quality

---

UT 209
AR Wang Y/1, 2024, BUILD, V14, DOI 10.3390/buildings14020417
TI A Dynamic Evaluation Method for the Development of Intelligent Construction
   Technology in the Construction Field Based on Structural Equation
   Model–System Dynamics Model
AU Wang Y/1; Zhao J; Gao N/1; Shen F
TC 6
SO BUILD
PY 2024
AB in order to explore the development trends of intelligent construction
   technology in the field of construction , this paper constructs a system
   dynamics ( sd ) model of the application and development of bim and the
   new_generation information technology in the construction industry based on
   sd theory and a structural equation model ( sem ) . vensim dss is used to
   explore the relationship between the sd model and six subsystems . the
   dynamic simulation and the sensitivity analyzes are also conducted . results
   show that during 20232050 , as the time series advances , the effect value
   of the dynamic simulation gradually increases . from 2035 , intelligent
   construction technology shows a trend of rapid development between various
   subsystems and the sd model . the adjusted model and the status of the
   subsystem are consistent with the sd model simulation curve . it is verified
   that intelligent construction technology has good development prospects in
   the construction field . 2024 by the authors .
DE construction field; dynamic simulation; intelligent construction technology;
   structural equation model; system dynamics model
ID architectural design; sensitivity analysis; system theory; construction
   fields; construction technologies; development trends; dynamic evaluation
   methods; dynamics simulation; intelligent construction technology;
   intelligent constructions; modeling systems; structural equation models;
   system dynamics modeling; construction industry

---

UT 210
AR Nalbur BE, 2024, INT J GLOB WARM, V32, P148, DOI 10.1504/IJGW.2024.135989
TI System dynamics model and discrete-event simulation of green logistics cases
   for the electric bus industries
AU Nalbur BE; Yavas O
TC 8
SO INT J GLOB WARM
PY 2024
AB within the scope of this study , the effect of green logistics activities of
   companies that manufactures electric busses using system dynamics ( sd ) and
   discrete event simulation ( des ) models were investigated . hybrid research
   was carried out using vensim software for the sd model , whereas arena
   simulation was for the des model . when the results are examined , milk_run
   applications can provide a > 90 % reduction to the company ' s scope 3
   carbon emissions , while reverse logistics applications provide a 22 %
   reduction . additionally , 2 % was found to be the influence of green
   logistics activities on the corporate carbon footprint of the electric bus
   company . copyright 2024 inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE carbon footprint; des model; electricity vehicles; green logistics; sd
   model; sustainability management

---

UT 211
AR Omondi N, 2021, PROC INT CONF INT ASSOC MANAG TECHNOL IAMOT - MOT WORLD
   FUTUR, P982, DOI 10.52202/060557-0075
TI CONTACT FREQUENCY UNCERTAINTY IN THE CASE OF COVID-19 IN KENYA: A SYSTEM
   DYNAMICS CASE STUDY
AU Omondi N
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF INT ASSOC MANAG TECHNOL IAMOT - MOT WORLD FUTUR
PY 2021
AB during pandemics , there are challenges in putting together models ,
   especially when available data is missing or inaccurate . in kenya , the
   health ministry is responsible for gathering data on covid_19 cases . in
   kenya ' s case , the actual number of infected patients may differ from the
   number of reported cases due to weak surveillance systems and active case
   detection , slow testing and clinical diagnosis . there is also the
   additional challenge , in the case of this pandemic , of people who do not
   show symptoms . system dynamics is useful in modeling complex non_linear
   systems , and has been employed before to model pandemics successfully .
   this paper presents a system dynamics model for the covid 19 pandemic in
   kenya , describes the model parts , and thereafter investigates the effect
   of uncertainty in contact frequency using the vensim system dynamics
   modeling approach . the paper includes graphical results of model simulation
   , and the sensitivity analysis of the study . the knowledge gained from this
   study , together with the model developed in the study , can play a key role
   in the control of the pandemic by informing key decision_making to assist
   the government of kenya and other countries in the world in controlling the
   covid 19 pandemic . copyright 2021 by naude scribante . permission granted
   to iamot to publish and use .
DE infectious diseases modeling; sensitivity analysis; systems dynamics;
   uncertainty
ID behavioral research; decision making; diagnosis; linear systems; system
   theory; uncertainty analysis; case-studies; clinical diagnosis; contact
   frequency; infected patients; infectious disease models; model complexes;
   surveillance systems; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling;
   uncertainty; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 212
AR Castillo-Paz AA, 2024, PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL
   MANAG ARTIF INTELL ERA PROC, DOI 10.23919/PICMET64035.2024.10653015
TI A System-Dynamics-Based Simulation to Model a Rotary Talent Management
   Strategy for Engineering Changes Analysts in the Automotive Industry
AU Castillo-Paz AA; Elizondo-Noriega A; Rouen J; Emmett GL; Topp A; Linan R;
   Ceciliano-Meza JL; Pinal-Moctezuma JF
TC 3
SO PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL MANAG ARTIF INTELL ERA
   PROC
PY 2024
AB this paper elaborates on the development and theoretical underpinnings of a
   system dynamics ( sd ) model designed to simulate the rotary talent
   management strategy ( tms ) for engineering changes analysts ( ecans ) in
   the automotive industry . unlike traditional approaches that focus on
   numerical evaluations of talent management systems , our study concentrates
   on the methodological aspects of sd modeling and the conceptual definition
   of the rotary tms . we detail the construction of the sd model using vensim
   software , emphasizing how it captures the dynamics of ecans transitioning
   through different manufacturing divisions . the rotary tms is framed as a
   strategy to enhance cross_divisional expertise and adaptability , promoting
   a holistic understanding of the manufacturing process rather than
   specialization in isolated divisions . the paper discusses the integration
   of various theoretical inputs and practical considerations into the sd model
   , ensuring it accurately reflects the complexity and cyclic nature of talent
   rotation . by providing a clear depiction of the model ' s structure and the
   rationale behind its design , we aim to offer a comprehensive resource for
   implementing similar talent management strategies in dynamic and
   technologically intensive environments . this approach not only broadens the
   understanding of strategic talent management but also demonstrates the
   versatility of sd modeling in organizational research . 2024 picmet .
ID industrial management; resource valuation; strategic planning; automotives;
   engineering changes; management strategies; management systems;
   methodological aspects; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; talent
   management; traditional approaches; traditional approachs; automotive
   industry

---

UT 213
AR Flores B, 2024, INT J SIMUL MODEL, V23, P611, DOI 10.2507/IJSIMM23-4-700
TI HYBRID DYNAMIC ANALYSIS OF THE MANUFACTURING PROCESS OF LIGHTWEIGHT BRICKS
AU Flores B; Rodriguez L; Silva U; Loyo J
TC 0
SO INT J SIMUL MODEL
PY 2024
AB in this study , the hybrid simulation approach was adapted using the system
   dynamics methodology to characterize continuous and discrete variables in
   the lightweight brick manufacturing process . vensim software was used to
   evaluate the effects of delays in production flows at specific time
   intervals , and the continuous impact of variability in the stages of the
   process was established . the results demonstrate that carrying out a
   continuous evaluation of the input flow of raw material does not impact the
   accumulation of material . however , when assessing the monitoring of delay
   times in a discrete approach , there is a direct impact on batch formation
   and production capacity fulfillment , resulting in an 8.54 % increase . in
   conclusion , it is crucial to not only characterize the variables but also
   to assess their impact using an overarching indicator , such as production
   capacity , rather than focusing solely on subsequent stages . this
   comprehensive approach enables strategic decision_making to identify areas
   of opportunity within the process . 2024 , daaam international vienna . all
   rights reserved .
DE continuous behavior; discrete behavior; hybrid simulation; manufacturing
   process; system dynamics

---

UT 214
AR Marey H, 2024, CLEAN MATER, V11, DOI 10.1016/j.clema.2024.100221
TI Green concrete materials selection for achieving circular economy in
   residential buildings using system dynamics
AU Marey H; Kozma G; Szabó G
TC 22
SO CLEAN MATER
PY 2024
AB increasing the number of residential buildings due to rapid urbanization
   growth has led to the massive consumption of concrete materials and
   significant negative environmental impacts worldwide . properly selecting
   green concrete ( gc ) materials in residential projects can promote
   sustainable construction practices and achieve a circular economy ( ce ) .
   this paper aims to identify and analyze the parameters affecting gc material
   selection based on ce principles by developing a system dynamic ( sd ) model
   to investigate the environmental and economic benefits during the
   construction process . the system dynamic_based framework ( sd_bf ) is used
   to investigate the simulation interaction of the variables between the gc
   original scenario and several hypothetical scenarios through the simulation
   process , including fly ash concrete ( fa ) and recycled aggregate concrete
   ( rac ) . the causal loop diagrams ( cld ) and stock and flow ( sf )
   diagrams are created to investigate the inner relations among the gc
   variables that can achieve ce . the sd model was applied for a residential
   building case study in new cairo city , egypt , using vensim to simulate and
   analyze the most appropriate gc scenarios regarding cement , natural
   aggregate , co2 emissions , cost_effectiveness , and waste generation . the
   results showed that using various concrete scenarios could enhance the gc
   selection for ce principles , in which cement reduction is the most
   effective variable , and the reduction reached 19.8 % and 11.4 % in the most
   optimum scenarios , while the natural aggregate ( na ) reduction reached
   19.1 % compared with the original scenario . this development is vital for
   achieving ce and closing the concrete materials loop , which helps
   construction decision_makers select suitable concrete materials for future
   residential projects . 2024 the author ( s )
DE circular economy; egypt; green concrete; residential building; resource
   efficiency; system dynamics

---

UT 215
AR Li L, 2023, BUILD, V13, DOI 10.3390/buildings13123117
TI Simulation of Carbon Emission Reduction in Power Construction Projects Using
   System Dynamics: A Chinese Empirical Study
AU Li L; Shi J; Liu H/1; Zhang R/1; Guo C
TC 7
SO BUILD
PY 2023
AB power construction projects ( pcps ) consume a large amount of energy and
   contribute significantly to carbon emissions . there is relatively little
   research on carbon emission reduction in pcps , especially in predicting
   carbon emission reduction from a dynamic perspective . after identifying the
   influencing factors that promote the carbon emission reduction effect of
   pcps , this study adopted a dynamic analysis method to elucidate the
   relationship between the variables . a quantitative carbon emission
   reduction system for pcps with 51 variables was established using the system
   dynamics model , and the system simulation was performed using vensim ple
   software . finally , a sensitivity analysis was conducted on four key
   factors : r and d investment , the prefabricated construction level , the
   scale of using energy_saving material , and the energy efficiency of
   transmission equipment . the results show that : ( 1 ) the reduction in
   carbon emissions from pcps continues to increase . ( 2 ) r and d investment
   is the most significant factor for improving the carbon emission reduction
   in pcps . ( 3 ) the value of the above four influencing factors should be
   increased within a reasonable range so that the four factors can work better
   to promote the carbon emission reduction effect of pcps . this paper
   creatively proposes a dynamic prediction model for carbon emission reduction
   in the pcp , and the research results provide the scientific basis for
   government supervision and enterprise decision_making . 2023 by the authors
   .
DE carbon emission reduction; power construction project; sensitivity analysis;
   simulation; system dynamics
ID carbon; computer software; construction equipment; decision making; electric
   power transmission; emission control; energy efficiency; factor analysis;
   sensitivity analysis; system theory; carbon emissions; carbon emissions
   reductions; construction projects; empirical studies; large amounts; power;
   power construction project; reduction effects; simulation; system dynamics;
   investments

---

UT 216
AR Ze Z, 2022, LIBR SERV, V66, P47, DOI 10.13266/j.issn.0252-3116.2022.07.005
TI Collaborative Operation Model and Simulation Analysis of Knowledge Value
   Chain of Digital Document Information Resources; [数字文献信息资源知识价值链的协同运作模型
   与仿真分析]
AU Ze Z; Yuhai L; Zhe J
TC 2
SO LIBR SERV
PY 2022
AB [ purpose / significance ] knowledge innovation is introduced into the
   production value chain of digital document information resources as a
   dependent variable , and the principle of interaction among various subjects
   in the value chain is analyzed , so as to clarify the existing problems and
   development direction in the guarantee construction of digital document
   information resources in china . [ method / process ] the system structure
   of knowledge production of digital literature information resources was
   analyzed with the help of value chain model , and the system dynamics model
   was simulated with vensim ple software for simulation analysis and
   sensitivity analysis . [ result/ conclusion ] the knowledge innovation of
   society as a whole is most sensitive to the cost of knowledge acquisition
   and knowledge sharing . however , in the current production of digital
   literature information resources in china , publishers give high knowledge
   added value , but the communication efficiency is low , data merchants have
   high communication rate , but the knowledge added value is insufficient ,
   resulting in high cost and difficult transformation . therefore , it is
   necessary to realize the reconstruction of document information resource
   guarantee system . 2022 lis press co . , ltd . all rights reserved .
DE digital publishing; document information resource guarantee system; system
   dynamics; value chain

---

UT 217
AR Liu K, 2024, SAF SCI, V173, DOI 10.1016/j.ssci.2024.106442
TI Study on construction safety management in megaprojects from the perspective
   of resilient governance
AU Liu K; Liu Y/10; Kou Y
TC 37
SO SAF SCI
PY 2024
AB the interior and exterior environments of megaprojects are extremely complex
   and construction safety has long been a concern . however , effective
   prevention , response and adaptation of construction safety incidents
   remains difficult . therefore , this study uses the construction safety
   accident process as an entry point to construct an indicator system of
   construction safety impact factors for megaprojects based on a resilient
   governance perspective . the entropy_weighted topsis method is used to
   assign weights to the influence factors , and a system dynamics model for
   building safety for megaprojects is developed . moreover , the vensim
   software was used to simulate the pattern of the influence of different
   factors on construction safety under different conditions . the findings
   suggest that optimizing and enhancing institutional resilience ,
   organizational resilience , engineering resilience , technological
   resilience , and infrastructural resilience in megaprojects can improve the
   ability to prevent , respond to , and adapt to construction safety incidents
   . engineering resilience ( 27.28 % ) and technological resilience ( 21.72 %
   ) are the most important and have the strongest effect on preventing and
   controlling construction safety risks . moreover , degrading the complexity
   of construction safety risks and real_time adjustment of safety risk control
   strategies through resilient means can reduce risk management delays and
   effectively improve the efficiency of construction safety management . 2024
   elsevier ltd
DE construction safety; dynamic system; megaprojects; resilient governance
ID construction safety; entry point; indicators systems; mega projects;
   megaprojects; resilient governance; safety accidents; safety incidents;
   safety management; safety risks; article; causality; engineering resilience;
   entropy; factor analysis; female; human; infrastructural resilience;
   institutional resilience; male; organizational resilience; risk management;
   safety; simulation; social resilience; technique for order preference by
   similarity to ideal solution; technological resilience; risk management

---

UT 218
AR Ye L, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P71, DOI 10.1145/3644479.3644492
TI System Simulation of the Balanced Evolution Model of Network Education
   Information Ecosystem in a Data Intelligence Environment
AU Ye L
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB in the era of data intelligence , the network education information
   ecosystem exhibits the characteristics of multimodality and large
   information capacity , which will have an impact on the balance of the
   network education information ecosystem . the existing information ecosystem
   evolution models are less involved in the field of network education .
   therefore , it is necessary to construct an evolution model for the balance
   of the network education information ecosystem and conduct system simulation
   . this article mainly consists of three parts . firstly , use citespace
   software to conduct quantitative analysis of literature data on the
   information ecosystem . secondly , construct an evolution model from three
   aspects which contain information subject , information , and information
   environment , establish a causal relationship diagram of the evolution model
   , obtain two positive feedback loops , draw a stock flow diagram of the
   evolution model , set the main equations for variables in the model , and
   assign values to constants . thirdly , use the system dynamics software
   vensim to simulate the changing trend of the evolution model . 2023 acm .
DE data intelligence; evolution model; information ecosystem; system simulation
ID citespace; data intelligence; ecosystem evolution; education information
   ecosystems; evolution modeling; information ecosystems; literature data;
   multi-modality; network education; system simulations; ecosystems

---

UT 219
AR Xiang L, 2025, PROC INT CONF MANAG SCI COMPUT ENG MSCE, P571, DOI
   10.1145/3760023.3760115
TI Simulation study on collaborative governance of passenger car consumption
   upgrading driven by new quality productivity Analysis of Policy Technology
   Demand Dynamic Coupling Model Based on Vensim
AU Xiang L; Zhu Y/3; Liu J/2; Cao Q
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF MANAG SCI COMPUT ENG MSCE
PY 2025
AB new quality productivity , with ' ' green , efficient , digital intelligence
   ' ' as its core characteristics , is driving china ' s passenger car
   consumption demand to transition toward intelligence and electrification .
   in response to the question of how the chinese passenger car market ,
   technology , and government can play a role in achieving consumption
   upgrading under the drive of new quality productivity , this study
   constructs a ' ' policy technology demand ' ' dynamic coupling collaborative
   governance model and reveals this relationship through vensim simulation .
   research has found that an increase in government subsidy intensity will
   enhance the penetration rate of new energy in china , strengthening
   technological investment will increase the penetration rate of intelligent
   connected vehicles . it is suggested that the government implement precise
   policies to promote consumption upgrading , adapt enterprise technology to
   demand differentiation , guide consumer demand and build capacity , and
   jointly promote the upgrading of passenger car consumption and the
   coordinated development of the industry . 2025 copyright held by the owner /
   author ( s )
DE collaborative governance; system dynamics; upgrade of passenger car
   consumption; vensim
ID information systems; investments; public policy; system theory; car markets;
   collaborative governances; dynamic coupling model; model-based opc;
   penetration rates; productivity analysis; simulation studies; system
   dynamics; upgrade of passenger car consumption; vensim; automobiles

---

UT 220
AR Nezamkhiavy K, 2025, ISH J HYDRAUL ENG, V31, P344, DOI
   10.1080/09715010.2025.2467687
TI Developing a simulation-optimization model for eutrophication management
   using system dynamics approach: a case study of Karkheh Dam reservoir
AU Nezamkhiavy K; Safarzadeh A; Masoumi F
TC 0
SO ISH J HYDRAUL ENG
PY 2025
AB this research developed a sophisticated simulation_optimization model using
   a system dynamics ( sd ) approach integrated with matlab simulink ,
   targeting eutrophication management in dam reservoirs . eutrophication ,
   marked by overgrowth of algae due to nutrient excess , is a significant
   threat to water quality in these systems , with the karkheh dam reservoir in
   iran serving as the focal case study . to capture the dynamics of
   eutrophication , the reservoir was divided into three vertical layers ,
   facilitating a nuanced analysis of thermal stratification ' s effects on
   nutrient and dissolved oxygen distribution . mathematical relationships
   pertinent to key eutrophication indicators_phosphorus , nitrogen , and
   dissolved oxygen concentrations_were meticulously developed for each layer ,
   culminating in a comprehensive sd model . the model ' s outputs were
   compared against two established frameworks , vensim and ce_qual_w2 , over
   one year , employing statistical metrics such as root mean square error (
   rmse ) and correlation coefficients to assess accuracy . the simulink model
   demonstrated superior predictive performance , particularly regarding
   chlorophyll_a and dissolved oxygen levels . further , integrating a genetic
   algorithm ( ga ) with the sd model led to a ga_simulink model , optimizing
   water release strategies over 15 years . this model operated 29 times faster
   than ga_ce_qual_w2 , underscoring its effectiveness for efficient
   environmental management in reservoir systems . 2025 indian society for
   hydraulics .
DE ce-qual-w2; eutrophication; matlab simulink; simulation-optimization; system
   dynamics
ID embankment dams; reservoirs ( water ); systems analysis; case-studies; ce-
   qual-w2; dam reservoirs; matlab/ simulink; simulation-optimization;
   simulation-optimization models; simulink models; system dynamics; system
   dynamics approach; system dynamics modeling; eutrophication

---

UT 221
AR Li W/1, 2022, W RESOUR PROT, V38, P51, DOI
   10.3880/j.issn.1004-6933.2022.05.008
TI Emergency management model of urban waterlogging disaster based on system
   dynamics
AU Li W/1; Jiang R; Xie J/1; Zhao Y/4; Zhu J; Yang S/1
TC 7
SO W RESOUR PROT
PY 2022
AB the system dynamics ( sd ) model of urban waterlogging emergency management
   is established by using the method of sd . on the basis of determining the
   weight of the model variables , the dynamic simulation and sensitivity
   analysis of the event are realized by building the model equation and
   drawing the causal circuit diagram and the stock flow diagram of the
   waterlogging disaster event . the sd model is applied to the simulation
   analysis of a typical waterlogging disaster event in xi'an . the results
   show that with the increase of time , increase the control of technical
   factors , social factors , management factors and natural factors , and the
   emergency management effect of urban waterlogging disasters tends to be
   better . different variables in the sd model have different effects on the
   emergency management of urban waterlogging disasters . it is necessary to
   continuously improve the emergency plan , strengthen the construction of
   urban drainage network , and improve the timeliness of emergency
   decision_making . 2022 , editorial board of water resources protection . all
   rights reserved .
DE emergency management model; system dynamics; urban waterlogging disaster;
   vensim software; xian city
ID civil defense; decision making; risk management; sensitivity analysis;
   system theory; emergency management; emergency management model; management
   is; management model; model variables; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; urban waterlogging disaster; vensim softwares; xian cities;
   disasters

---

UT 222
AR Feng R, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13040269
TI Research on Autonomous Vehicle Technology Innovation Ecosystem in China
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Feng R; Liu Y/14; Li M/4; Zhou F
TC 3
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB based on the perspective of an innovation ecosystem , the system dynamics
   research method is used to construct a technological innovation ecosystem
   model of autonomous vehicles in china . vensim ple software was used for
   simulation to obtain the development trend of technological innovation from
   2015 to 2030 and to explore the impact of various elements inside the system
   on the overall system . this research finds that the dynamic mechanism of
   china ' s autonomous vehicle technology innovation ecosystem mainly includes
   the innovation resource supply subsystem , the technology innovation
   diffusion subsystem , and the incentive and guarantee subsystem . each
   subsystem interacts to jointly promote continuous innovation and iterative
   upgrading of technology . education investment , infrastructure construction
   , innovation platform construction , and other factors all have a positive
   impact on the technological innovation level of autonomous vehicles , and
   the effect of multiple parameter changes is far more significant than that
   of single factor changes . the number of research and development patents ,
   level of technological innovation , actual adopters of technological
   innovation , and benefits of technological innovation are all showing a good
   growth trend in the future . accordingly , it is concluded that there should
   be optimization of scientific research investment strategies , acceleration
   of infrastructure layout , and expansion of application scenarios . these
   insights provide a theoretical basis and practical guidance for promoting
   the high_quality development of autonomous vehicle technology in china .
   2025 by the authors .
DE autonomous vehicle; innovation ecosystems; system dynamics; technological
   innovation
ID biotechnology; educational technology; system theory; technology transfer;
   autonomous vehicle technologies; autonomous vehicles; development trends;
   dynamic researches; ecosystem model; innovation ecosystem; research method;
   system dynamics; technological innovation; technology innovation; patents
   and inventions

---

UT 223
AR Yan B/1, 2024, J SAF ENV, V24, P2693, DOI
   10.13637/j.issn.1009-6094.2023.1692
TI Influence factors of construction enterprises' willingness to apply digital
   technology in safety management; [施工企业在安全管理中应用数字化技术意愿的影响因素研究]
AU Yan B/1; Li B/1
TC 0
SO J SAF ENV
PY 2024
AB from the perspective of construction site safety management , this study
   explores the main factors affecting the application of digital technology in
   construction enterprises and the influence degree of each factor . based on
   the technology acceptance model ( tam ) and
   technology_organization_environment ( toe ) framework , the study
   establishes a system dynamics model to analyze construction enterprises '
   willingness to apply digital technology in safety management . through
   literature analysis and semi_structured interviews , 15 influence factors in
   4 dimensions are identified . furthermore , the system boundary values for
   each influencing factor are calculated . according to the interaction
   between dimensions and influence factors , the causal diagrams and flow and
   stock diagrams of the system are constructed . subsequently , this study
   uses the g1 weighting method and the entropy method , considering subjective
   weights , objective weights , and comprehensive weights , to assess the
   significance of each factor and dimension within the system . finally ,
   system equations are constructed and vensim ple software is used to take
   simulation of the system . the analysis results show that the willingness of
   construction enterprises to apply digital technology in safety management is
   a complex dynamic system . in the initial simulation , all four dimensions
   collaboratively promote the growth of the overall application intention ,
   with organizational and perceived effectiveness dimensions exhibiting
   greater influence than the technology and environmental dimensions .
   furthermore , the results of dimension sensitivity analysis reveal that the
   organizational dimension and the environment dimension sensitivity are
   greater than the perceived effectiveness dimension and the technology
   dimension , and the impact on the application intention system is more
   obvious . after the sensitivity analysis of the influence factors one by one
   , it is found that the most sensitive influence factors in each dimension
   are perceived usefulness , enterprise importance , technology optimization ,
   and policy support , indicating that the change of application intention is
   more obvious when they change , and they belong to the key influence factors
   in the system . 2024 science china press . all rights reserved .
DE digital technology; influence factor; safety social engineering; system
   dynamics; willingness

---

UT 224
AR [Anonymous], 2024, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V1388, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/1388/1/012047
TI Mapping the vicious cycles of community gold mining (CGM): a case study of
   the CGM sites at Sukabumi Regency, Indonesia
TC 1
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2024
AB community gold mining ( cgm ) in indonesia faces significant challenges ,
   with a specific concern being the use of mercury . mercury is a highly toxic
   chemical commonly utilized in the trommel mercury ( tm ) gold extraction
   method , known locally as the glundung method . although the government has
   initiated programs to reduce mercury usage , such as encouraging researchers
   to develop non_mercury gold extraction methods , progress has been slow ,
   and the impact has been limited . the growth of new cgm sites is outpacing
   these efforts , leading to an increased use of mercury and unmanageable
   chemical risks . previous research has identified a vicious cycle within the
   cgm sector . however , no existing model illustrates this cycle . this study
   seeks to map the scope of cgm at its essential stages and translate them
   into variables to create a causal and basic model . however , sukabumi
   regency in indonesia hosts numerous cgm sites , and a case study was
   conducted in the simpenan sub_district between 2018 and 2020 . a recent site
   visit in august 2023 revealed continued growth in cgm site numbers within
   the broader area . this growth corresponds to an increase in mercury
   released into the environment , which poses a growing threat to public
   health . the study employed arcgis and powersim 10 system dynamics software
   , utilizing data collected through observations , investigative methods ,
   and reference studies . the results include two significant contributions :
   first , a model of current cgm activities in the form of a causal loops
   diagram ( cld ) called ' ' the turtle map cld model of the cgm ' ' . second
   , a model depicting ' ' the vicious cycle of cgm ' ' highlights problematic
   stages within cgm . both models represent the current state of cgm in
   indonesia , showcasing the existence of vicious cycles in ongoing cgm sites
   . these models can guide future efforts to identify progressive solutions ,
   especially in support of programs aimed at reducing mercury usage . 2024
   institute of physics publishing . all rights reserved .
DE causal loop turtle map model; community gold mining; mapping cgm activity;
   mercury reduction program; vicious-cycle of cgm model

---

UT 225
AR Mbuta DM, 2022, SCI REP, V12, DOI 10.1038/s41598-022-24339-7
TI Household perception and infestation dynamics of bedbugs among residential
   communities and its potential distribution in Africa
AU Mbuta DM; Khamis FM; Sokame BM/1; Ng’ong’a F; Akutse KS
TC 7
SO SCI REP
PY 2022
AB bedbugs have experienced an extraordinary upsurge in the recent past across
   the world . this cross_sectional study aimed to explore the community
   perception of the pest outbreaks , the population dynamics , and dispersal
   patterns under different habitat systems . a survey was conducted within
   communities in nine counties in kenya , where geographical coordinates of
   the sites of bedbug presence were recorded and maximum entropy distribution
   modeling ( maxent ) was used to map and predict the potentially suitable
   habitat , while system thinking and system dynamics approach with vensim ple
   8.0.9 software was applied to implement bedbug infestation dynamics . our
   results indicated that majority of the respondents had ample knowledge on
   bedbugs and were concerned about the physico_psychologic and socio_economic
   health effects . spatial distribution analysis showed regions in kenya with
   optimal to suitable for bedbug occurrence in the whole country , and similar
   results were found at continental level across africa . furthermore ,
   infestation dynamics results showed a rapid mobility of bedbug from one
   house to another . in terms of management strategies , the models showed
   that the combination of chemical with other control methods was considerably
   much more effective compared to the use of chemical approach only ,
   appointing integrated pest management strategy as a better intervention
   approach in controlling the pest . 2022 , the author ( s ) .
ID animals; bedbugs; cross-sectional studies; ectoparasitic infestations;
   kenya; perception; animal; cimex; cross-sectional study; ectoparasitosis;
   kenya; perception

---

UT 226
AR [Anonymous], 2025, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V1510, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/1510/1/012005
TI System dynamics modeling for the protection of sustainable food agricultural
   land in Southwest Aceh Regency
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2025
AB southwest aceh regency , one of the rice_producing areas in aceh province ,
   has experienced changes in rice field area due to population growth and land
   use conversion , impacting food security . this research aims to design a
   system dynamics model to assess future availability of rice fields and rice
   food . secondary data from relevant agencies include population growth ,
   rice field area , paddy production , consumption , and land use conversion
   coefficients . the research method uses system dynamics modeling with a
   because_effect approach in causal loop diagram ( cld ) and stock flow
   diagram ( sfd ) using powersim studio 10 software . the results show that
   changes in agricultural land use are triggered by population growth ,
   reducing harvest area and paddy production . the simulation identified
   several key scenarios for sustainable food agricultural land , namely : ( 1
   ) increasing production facilities with certified superior seeds can
   increase yields to 90,000 tons by 2045 , ( 2 ) providing government
   incentives through dak and dau funds for equipment assistance and
   accelerating land certification can maintain 6,500 hectares of rice fields
   by 2045 and reduce land use conversion by 0.16 % per year . managing
   feedback from complex systems will result in actionable solutions . with cld
   and model simulation through powersim , strategic policies can be formulated
   to address sustainable agricultural land use changes in southwest aceh
   regency . published under license by iop publishing ltd .

---

UT 227
AR Xu M/1, 2024, J CLIENT CENT NURS CARE, V10, P45, DOI 10.32598/JCCNC.10.1.513
TI Application of A System Dynamics Model in Forecasting the Effect of Self-
   care Ability on the Quality of Life of Mildly Disabled Elderly in Nursing
   Homes
AU Xu M/1; Mohd Hashim AH; Chen Z/2
TC 1
SO J CLIENT CENT NURS CARE
PY 2024
AB background : the large number of mildly disabled elderly people in china has
   resulted in the occupation of a large amount of public social resources .
   they have also imposed a serious social burden on the society . this study
   predicts that changes in the level coefficients of physical functioning ,
   motor participation , and external environment are associated with quality
   of life ( qol ) among the elderly with mild disabilities in nursing homes .
   methods : a simulation model was created using the system dynamics method .
   meanwhile , a 50_day simulation was used to predict the subsequent changes
   in the level of qol of the elderly . this study was completed in the nursing
   homes of chengdu , china , using random sampling and 85 elderly subjects
   participated to obtain the primary data . the data were analyzed using the
   vensim software . results : the results showed that the level of physical
   functioning ( pain value of 0.241 , autonomy of 0.163 , and chronic disease
   of 0.192 ) , the level of motor participation ( education value of 0.186 ,
   and rehabilitation partner of 0.21 ) , and the level of external environment
   ( medical care value of 0.26 , and rehabilitation environment value of 0.184
   ) lead to subsequent changes in the level of qol of mildly disabled elderly
   in nursing homes in 30 days . conclusion : considering the results of this
   simulation study , changes in the level of physical functioning , exercise
   participation , and external environment could forecast the qol of mildly
   disabled elderly in the nursing homes of chania , china . it is necessary to
   make the required changes in the nursing homes to promote the qol of these
   groups . 2024 iran university of medical sciences . all rights reserved .
DE nursing homes elderly; quality of life; self-care

---

UT 228
AR Zhang W, 2021, IND MANAG DATA SYS, V121, P2738, DOI
   10.1108/IMDS-12-2020-0735
TI A cost evaluation model for IoT-enabled prefabricated construction supply
   chain management
AU Zhang W; Kang K; Zhong RY
TC 37
SO IND MANAG DATA SYS
PY 2021
AB purpose : this paper proposes an evaluation model for prefabricated
   construction to guide a supply chain with controllable costs . prefabricated
   construction is prevalent due to area limitations . nevertheless , the
   development is limited by budget control and identifying the factors
   affecting cost . the degree of close collaboration in the supply chain is
   closely interconnected with cost performance that includes direct and
   indirect factors . this paper not only quantizes these factors but also
   distinguishes the degree of influence of various factors . design /
   methodology / approach : system dynamics is applied to simulate and analyze
   the construction cost factors through vensim software . it can also clarify
   the relationship between cost and other influencing factors . the input data
   are collected from an internet of things ( iot ) _enabled system under a
   building information modeling ( bim ) system and hong kong government
   reports . findings : simulation results indicate that prefabricated
   construction cost is mainly influenced by government promotion degree ( gpd
   ) , working pressure from on_site construction ( wposc ) , prefab quality (
   pq ) , load_bearing capacity per vehicle ( lbpv ) and mold quality ( mq ) .
   however , it is more sensitive toward gpd , which indicates that the
   government should take measures to promote this construction technology .
   on_site worker management is also essential for the assembly process and
   indirectly influences the construction cost . research limitations /
   implications : this paper quantifies indirect influential factors to clarify
   the specific features for prefabricated construction . the investigated
   factors are limited . practical implications : the contractor can identify
   all factors and classify the levels of influence to make decisions under the
   supply chain system boundary . social implications : the input data are
   collected from an iot_enabled system under a bim system and hong kong
   government reports . thus , the relationship between construction cost
   influential factors can be investigated . originality / value : this paper
   quantifies indirect influencing factors and clarifies the specific features
   in prefabricated construction . the contractor could identify these factors
   to make decisions and classify the levels of influence under the supply
   chain system boundary . 2021 , emerald publishing limited .
DE cost evaluation; prefabricated construction; supply chain management
ID architectural design; budget control; contractors; human resource
   management; input output programs; internet of things; inventory control;
   prefabricated construction; supply chain management; building information
   modelbim; construction supply chain management; construction technologies;
   design/methodology/approach; internet of things ( iot ); load-bearing
   capacity; on-site construction; supply chain systems; costs

---

UT 229
AR Wu Z/3, 2022, IEEE ACCESS, V10, P86470, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3198938
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Simulation of Human Capital Fractal Dimension
   of the R&D Team
AU Wu Z/3; Wang J; Feng X/1; Pang W; Hou J/2
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2022
AB in the era of the knowledge economy , innovation and r and d has been paid
   more and more attention by people . the importance of the r and d team in
   improving the innovation performance of an enterprise is self_evident .
   furthermore , due to the unique human capital characteristics of the r and d
   team members , fractal research on the human capital of the r and d team is
   very necessary . on this basis , this paper builds the human capital fractal
   model of the r and d team , uses the vensim ple simulation analysis
   environment for simulation analysis , and draws the research conclusions :
   the r and d team ' s desire to improve human capital , the r and d team ' s
   desire to integrate knowledge , and the r and d team ' s human capital
   increase . the increase in the amount of r and d team will positively affect
   the human capital of the r and d team , however , the change of the decrease
   in the amount of the human capital of the r and d team will negatively
   affect the human capital of the r and d team . 2022 ieee .
DE human capital; r and d team; simulation modeling; system dynamics
ID economics; fractal dimension; personnel; human capitals; knowledge economy;
   qualification; r and d team; research and development; simulation;
   simulation analysis; simulation-modelling; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling and simulations; system theory

---

UT 230
AR Karamouz M, 2021, J IRRIG DRAIN ENG, V147, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)IR.1943-4774.0001550
TI Dynamics of Water Allocation: Tradeoffs between Allocator's and Farmers'
   Benefits of Irrigation Practices
AU Karamouz M; Barkhordari H; Ebrahimi E
TC 5
SO J IRRIG DRAIN ENG
PY 2021
AB water dependencies and agricultural expansion have led to a remarkable
   increase in water demand . proper management of water supply and demand is a
   crucial challenge in planning for sustainable development . because the
   prevailing water allocation system in developing countries is based on low
   tariffs , particularly in the agricultural sector , a robust accounting can
   not be implemented . the objective of this paper is to investigate the
   economic value of a change from gravity to drip irrigation using groundwater
   resources . it is implemented in the rafsanjan plain , in central iran ,
   where the irrigation practices lead to unsustainable use of groundwater . in
   this area , the allocator ( water authority board ) is a governmental agency
   that can receive funding from other governmental agencies to affect water
   use policies . considering the benefits accrued to the allocator and farmers
   ( benefit for all agricultural water uses ) , the optimal investment in
   converting gravity irrigation systems to drip irrigation is determined . an
   economic framework is proposed with two simulation models [ water evaluation
   and planning ( weap ) and vensim ] to evaluate the dynamics of the water use
   benefits . according to the results , with expenditures of $ 65 million /
   year over a 25_year horizon , the discounted benefit to allocator and
   farmers in the year 2011 would be $ 60.48 and $ 911.9 million , respectively
   . the framework outlined can provide a mechanism to allocate water in a more
   precise way as well as to determine the economic value of water in the
   agricultural sector . the proposed methodology can be applied to other
   geographic settings . 2021 american society of civil engineers .
DE economic assessment; system dynamics; water allocation; water supply and
   demand
ID iran; kerman [ iran ]; rafsanjan; agricultural robots; developing countries;
   economics; groundwater; groundwater resources; irrigation; water supply;
   agricultural expansion; agricultural sector; agricultural water use;
   economic value of water; gravity irrigation systems; irrigation practices;
   optimal investments; water supply and demands; drip irrigation; economic
   analysis; groundwater resource; trade-off; water demand; water management;
   water supply; water management

---

UT 231
AR Yousefi S, 2022, INT J ENV SCI TECHNOL, V19, P10691, DOI
   10.1007/s13762-022-04469-1
TI Designing an investment model and developing irrigation systems for
   sustainable management of water resources using a dynamic systems approach
AU Yousefi S; Mirdamadi SM; Hosseini SJF; Lashgarara F
TC 2
SO INT J ENV SCI TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB unsustainable groundwater management in iran threatens the agriculture
   sector and food security because 62 % of the country ' s lands are irrigated
   through groundwater , while the irrigation efficiency of this sector is low
   ( 35 % ) . therefore , it is necessary to manage groundwater level . this
   study was conducted aimed to achieve the sustainability of water resources
   in west azerbaijan province using system dynamics approach . using
   statistical data of previous years ( 19912018 ) , the model was developed by
   vensim software . after testing the model and ensuring its efficiency ,
   scenarios of investment and development of irrigation systems to improve the
   annual irrigation efficiency by 0.5 % were introduced to the model and
   implemented in order to investigate the effectiveness of other scenarios
   such as enhancing population ( fertility stability with rate of 2.11
   children , reduction in fertility with fertility rate of 1.95 children ,
   reduction in fertility with fertility rate of 1.5 children and increase in
   fertility with fertility rate of 2.6 children ) and climate ( normal
   precipitation , 20 % and + 20 % ) , low_water use crop pattern , 20 %
   reduction in area under cultivation , participation and educational
   scenarios in combination in the model . according to the study results ,
   with the continuation of the current crop pattern under all population
   scenarios and precipitation , agricultural water demand from groundwater is
   constantly increasing and water supply is reducing . the scenario of
   development of irrigation systems in combination with other research
   scenarios , with a reduction by 48.23 % in the demand for agricultural water
   from groundwater increased available groundwater under drought ( 20 % of
   precipitation ) 3.05 times , in normal precipitation 1.59 times and by
   increasing precipitation ( + 20 % ) 1.07 times by 2051 . under these
   scenarios , with a 15 % improvement in irrigation efficiency and an increase
   by 1.32 in agricultural water use efficiency , total water production will
   increase by 20.47 % and total profit will increase by 26.87 % by 2051 .
   therefore , the continuation of these policies can become a sustainable
   model in the agriculture sector and help the sustainability of water
   resources by preventing reducing groundwater levels . 2022 , the author ( s
   ) under exclusive license to iranian society of environmentalists ( irsen )
   and science and research branch , islamic azad university .
DE climatic scenarios; economic-policy making scenarios; groundwater resources;
   improving the cropping pattern; management activities; simulation
ID iran; west azerbaijan; climate models; crops; cultivation; economics;
   efficiency; food supply; groundwater resources; irrigation; sustainable
   development; water management; water supply; climatic scenarios; economic
   policies; economic-policy making scenario; improving the cropping pattern;
   irrigation systems; management activities; policy making; simulation; waters
   resources; climate conditions; dynamic analysis; economic-policy;
   groundwater; irrigation system; simulation; sustainable development; water
   resource; groundwater

---

UT 232
AR Bross L, 2021, SYST, V9, P1, DOI 10.3390/systems9010002
TI Will there be enough water?  A system dynamics model to investigate the
   effective use of limited resources for emergency water supply
AU Bross L; Krause S
TC 5
SO SYST
PY 2021
AB the increased probability of occurrence of various hazards to water supply
   systems due to climate change requires the strengthening of their resilience
   through effective emergency preparedness planning . this paper introduces a
   method for the assessment of the resilience of water supply systems ,
   including emergency supply measures . with 20 uniquely defined emergency
   situations , the technical constellations for possible impairments of the
   water supply are documented . the system analysis developed for each
   emergency situation is then used to determine and prioritize all suitable
   supply measures to reduce the supply deficit . based on the data of a water
   utility close to frankfurt , germany , the developed system dynamics model
   was used to examine the resource utilization for the respective emergency
   situations and to estimate the amount of water provided . the model allows
   us to scrutinize and compare emergency water supply measures as well as to
   identify required resources . furthermore , the method helps us to
   prioritize measures as well as to make decisions when planning and providing
   emergency water supply ( ews ) . 2021 by the authors .
DE crisis; critical infrastructure; disaster; drinking water; resilience; risk
   management; risk reduction; sd; vensim

---

UT 233
AR [Anonymous], 2021, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V667, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/667/1/012086
TI System dynamics modeling of agricultural land conversion in Aceh Besar
   District
TC 2
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2021
AB the purpose of this study is to design a sub_model as a policy strategy
   alternative in controlling agricultural land conversion . method applied in
   this study is system dynamics , a modeling approach based on systems
   thinking which uses the perspectives of information feedback and delay to
   understand the complex behavior of physical , biological , and social
   systems in agricultural land conversion . the study utilized vensim dss
   software to perform the model formulation and the simulation . the
   computation obtained six main sub_models applicable in the design process of
   control models for the transfer of functions of agricultural land in aceh
   besar district . the sub_models concern population , settlements , industry
   , rice fields , forests and fields , and rice stock . published under
   license by iop publishing ltd .
ID agricultural robots; computer software; system theory; agricultural land;
   design process; information feedback; model formulation; policy strategies;
   system dynamics; system dynamics model; systems thinking; agriculture

---

UT 234
AR He Y/3, 2021, PROC - IEEE SUSTAIN POWER ENERGY CONF ENERGY TRANSIT CARBON
   NEUTRALITY ISPEC, P2287, DOI 10.1109/iSPEC53008.2021.9735833
TI National Energy Demand And Carbon Emission Forecast Under The 'Carbon peak
   and Carbon neutrality' Target Based On System Dynamic
AU He Y/3; Wu S/2; Liang Y/1; Chen B/1; Ding H/1; Ge Y
TC 4
SO PROC - IEEE SUSTAIN POWER ENERGY CONF ENERGY TRANSIT CARBON NEUTRALITY ISPEC
PY 2021
AB energy is a crucial material basis for economic development and social
   progress . it is also an essential factor affecting the human living
   environment . under the target of ' carbon peak and carbon neutrality , '
   the scientific and reasonable construction of energy models and forecasting
   energy demand and carbon emission can provide reference and basis for
   formulating energy policies . based on the analysis of domestic energy
   supply and demand , this paper constructs a system dynamics model of chinese
   energy structure and carbon emission , uses vensim ple software for modeling
   and simulation to forecast the energy supply , demand , and carbon emission
   from 2020 to 2060 , suggesting that the domestic energy structure is in
   transition , and vigorously developing clean energy is the inevitable choice
   to achieve the ' carbon peak and carbon neutrality ' target , which provides
   a reference for the government to formulate relevant policies . 2021 ieee .
DE carbon peak and carbon neutrality target; energy consumption structure;
   energy forecasting; energy supply and demand; system dynamics
ID computer software; economics; energy policy; energy utilization;
   forecasting; system theory; carbon peak and carbon neutrality target; carbon
   carbons; carbon emissions; carbon neutralities; carbon peaks; domestic
   energy; energy consumption structure; energy demands; energy forecasting;
   system dynamics; carbon

---

UT 235
AR Ibrahim A, 2023, INT CONF SOFTW ENG COMPUT SYST ICSECS, P200, DOI
   10.1109/ICSECS58457.2023.10256349
TI Hand Calibration with Limited Data As the Initial Step Towards System
   Dynamics Model Validation for COVID-19 Case in Malaysia
AU Ibrahim A; Abdul Kadir TA; Macdonald RH; Daniyal H
TC 2
SO INT CONF SOFTW ENG COMPUT SYST ICSECS
PY 2023
AB this paper presents the manual calibration effort for the system dynamics (
   sd ) covid_19 model for malaysia . this study aims to develop a covid_19 sd
   model based on the covid_19 scenario in malaysia . the sd model consisted of
   nine compartments and was adapted based on a standard disease seir model
   using vensim software . while the development of the model is still ongoing
   , an initial validation was carried out between ' actively infected ' and
   the case data gathered from the malaysia ministry of health ' s official
   covid_19 websites . during this period , the parameters were manually
   adjusted by hand to align the model ' s output with the actual data . the
   expected outcome was not easy to achieve , but the result was acceptable .
   it is important to note that the lack of such strategies may compromise the
   model ' s validity due to uncertainty . this paper also discusses the
   challenges posed by hand calibration , the lessons learned during this work
   , and the potential future implications of this work . 2023 ieee .
DE covid-19 in malaysia; hand calibration; model validation; system dynamics;
   uncertainty
ID system theory; covid-19 in malaysia; dynamic model validation; hand
   calibration; limited data; malaysia; manual calibration; model validation;
   system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; uncertainty; covid-19

---

UT 236
AR Xue Y, 2025, DIABETES METAB SYNDR OBES, V18, P1695, DOI 10.2147/DMSO.S501149
TI Implementation of Clinical Services for Adults with Obesity in Different
   Health Systems: A Scoping Review and Causal Loop Diagram
AU Xue Y; Song M; Yu H/1; Chen X; Ung COL; Hu H/1
TC 0
SO DIABETES METAB SYNDR OBES
PY 2025
AB the medical needs of obesity have been underrecognized , though it has posed
   long_term and enormous challenges to global health . correspondingly ,
   clinical services for obesity are still uncommon and in their infancy across
   health systems . it is meaningful to sort out the implementation of such
   clinical services involving a multiplicity of factors to identify measures
   for service development , scaling_up and optimization . this study aims to
   generate a comprehensive understanding of key variables and factors in the
   utilization and delivery of clinical services for adult patients with
   obesity and their dynamic patterns and to explore viable options for
   improved implementation of such services in health systems . we conducted a
   scoping review of published articles in the database from the lens of system
   dynamics through causal loop diagramming . based on the data obtained from
   the review , we employed the causal loop diagramming as a tool to capture
   the variables in the implementation of clinical obesity services and their
   causal relationships . twenty_one studies were finally included in the
   review . based on the evidence consolidated through the review , we
   developed a causal loop diagram containing 19 causal variables and 38 causal
   arrows in single directions centered around the service utilization and
   delivery in the clinical obesity service . the feedback loops revealed
   potential activation points to intervene to facilitate the service
   implementation , such as , promotion of obesity as a disease with medical
   needs and available clinical services , provision of obesity_specific
   medical education and training opportunities , and prioritization of
   obesity_specific procedures in clinical protocols . the possible
   intervention points identified through the causal loop analysis can
   facilitate the development , implementation , and optimization of clinical
   obesity services in health systems . 2025 xue et al .
DE adult obesity; causal loop diagram; clinical service; health systems;
   service implementation
ID adult obesity; article; body weight management; clinical service; electronic
   medical record; follow up; general practitioner; health care delivery;
   health care facility; health care system; health care utilization; health
   service; human; medical education; morbid obesity; perception; prevalence;
   primary health care; questionnaire; risk factor; scoping review; training

---

UT 237
AR Li S/4, 2021, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P58, DOI 10.1145/3477282.3477296
TI Modeling and Evolution Analysis of Community Residents' Prevention and
   Control Blockchain System for Public Health Emergencies
AU Li S/4; Ji X
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2021
AB in the process of prevention and control of public health emergencies , it
   is difficult to obtain and monitor the health behavior and status
   information of community residents in daily life and work environment ,
   making community prevention management department face challenges in
   residents ' epidemic risk prevention and control . to fill this gap , this
   research trys to provide support to help residents to form good health
   behavior norms and offer suggestions for community prevention management
   department . combining the efficient and safe characteristics of the
   blockchain system , this research establishes an accurate and reliable
   community residents ' epidemic prevention and control blockchain system
   dynamics model which includes community residents , epidemic prevention and
   control departments , residents ' health behavior monitoring and incentive
   mechanisms . the simulation experiment of four different scenarios was
   carried out based on vensim . the results show that the community
   supervision intensity is an indispensable and important factor in improving
   residents ' health behavior norms . to help residents develop healthy
   behavior habits , it is necessary to vigorously improving supervision
   intensity of health behaviors while increase the collecting health behavior
   intensity and the incentive for health behaviors . 2021 acm .
DE blockchain system; health behavior norms; public health emergency; system
   dynamic
ID disease control; health risks; public health; blockchain; blockchain system;
   health behavior norm; health behaviors; health emergencies; modeling
   analyzes; prevention and controls; prevention managements; public health
   emergency; system dynamics; blockchain

---

UT 238
AR Rasekh A, 2025, BIOFUELS, DOI 10.1080/17597269.2025.2547550
TI Water-energy nexus approach for assessment of biodiesel production from
   Jatropha via system dynamics modeling
AU Rasekh A; Fatemi Ghomi SMT
TC 1
SO BIOFUELS
PY 2025
AB this study examines the challenge of balancing water and energy resources in
   jatropha_based biodiesel production in arid regions . although the
   water_energy nexus ( we ) has been widely studied , its specific dynamics in
   jatropha_based biodiesel production in water_stressed areas are less
   understood . to address this issue , an innovative system dynamics ( sd )
   approach was designed using vensim software , leading to the creation of an
   integrated sd_we nexus model . this model utilizes causal loops and flow
   diagrams to simulate interactions among the water , energy , and biodiesel
   subsystems . scenario analysis indicates that conventional biodiesel
   production could reduce water resources by 32 to 63 % and consume up to 14
   billion cubic meters of water . however , the bioshare scenario , which
   optimizes bioenergy production , reduces water consumption and maintains
   groundwater sustainability . the model has been validated through
   sensitivity analysis and data comparison , highlighting the urgent need for
   reforms in water management within iran ' s energy sector . the sd_we
   framework serves as a versatile tool for scenario testing , ensuring that
   biodiesel development aligns with water and energy security for sustainable
   policymaking . 2025 informa uk limited , trading as taylor and francis group
   .
DE biodiesel; biomass; causal loop; renewable energy; system dynamics; water-
   energy nexus
ID biomass; dynamics; energy policy; groundwater; sensitivity analysis;
   sustainable development; system theory; water management; biodiesel
   production; causal loop; dynamic waters; jatropha; jatropha-based
   biodiesels; renewable energies; system dynamics; water and energies; water-
   energy; water-energy nexus; biodiesel

---

UT 239
AR Arias Marreros RR, 2021, INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL, V12, P620, DOI
   10.14569/IJACSA.2021.0120171
TI Study of Post-COVID-19 Employability in Peru through a Dynamic Model,
   Between 2020 and 2025
AU Arias Marreros RR; Nalvarte Dionisio KV; Romero Tuanama LA; Quiroz Gutarra
   JA; Andrade-Arenas L
TC 3
SO INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL
PY 2021
AB the research work is focused on the sector of the population that will have
   a job , taking into account that the pandemic was a problem that resulted in
   many people losing their jobs due to the economic crisis that affected all
   countries because the first half of the year 2020 the equivalent of 400
   million full_time jobs were lost and there was a 14 % drop in working hours
   worldwide , also in lima 1.2 million people were left without work . for
   this reason , a dynamic analysis was developed for the projection of
   post_covid19 employability in peru from 2020 to 2025 to obtain an
   approximate knowledge of the population ' s labor outlook , implementing
   system dynamics as a methodology since it includes this recommendation ,
   given that any model built through its application will be based on the
   opinion of those involved in the system to be represented . in this work ,
   system dynamics is presented as a very useful methodology for the analysis
   of complex problems , developing the forrester and causal diagram with the
   help of vensim software . as a result , the approximate number of jobs that
   will be available was visualized , and it was observed that the future of
   employability will be at risk , which is why a good government strategy is
   necessary so that this does not happen since people need to satisfy their
   professional , economic and development needs . 2021 . all rights reserved .
DE employability; forrester diagram; population; system dynamics; vensim
ID complex problems; dynamics analysis; dynamics models; economic crisis;
   employability; forrester diagrams; its applications; population; vensim;
   working hours; system theory

---

UT 240
AR Gold N, 2025, AIAA AVIAT FORUM ASCEND, DOI 10.2514/6.2025-4116
TI A Knowledge Management Model of the U.S. Aerospace Labor Pool
AU Gold N
TC 0
SO AIAA AVIAT FORUM ASCEND
PY 2025
AB the aerospace industry labor force faces challenges to its long_term
   viability . a record number of engineers within the industry are retiring ,
   or otherwise leaving . concurrently , the labor force ' s ability to
   transfer knowledge from those leaving to those in the industry , or entering
   it , is hindered by geographical distance , barriers to knowledge transfer ,
   prioritization of labor yield , and the broad classification / restriction
   of information on many projects within aerospace . these obstacles are
   relatively isolated to the aerospace industry , and will likely require
   industry_specific , tailored solutions . additionally , the industry is
   uniquely_suited to centralized planning due to the near monopsony of the
   united states government and stringent regulatory control . to better
   characterize these effects , a systems dynamics model has been created
   utilizing vensim ple . this methodology looks at the you . s . aerospace
   labor force ' s knowledge as the system of interest , which is affected by
   various factors and feedback loops , including its productivity ,
   profitability , and contribution to society . in total , the objective of
   the model is to aid the investigation of methods to strengthen the labor
   force , and , if calibrated , predict its general trajectory . 2025 ,
   american institute of aeronautics and astronautics inc , aiaa . all rights
   reserved .
DE aerospace; aerospace engineering; aerospace industry; feedback loop;
   hypersonic weapons; intellectual property; international traffic in arms
   regulations; monte carlo method; space exploration; systems engineering
ID aviation; feedback; interplanetary flight; knowledge management; knowledge
   transfer; laws and legislation; space research; aerospace; feedback loops;
   hypersonic weapon; international traffic in arms regulations; knowledge
   management model; labor force; long-term viability; montecarlo methods;
   property; space explorations; aerospace industry

---

UT 241
AR Wang Y/12, 2022, J DALI JIAOTONG UNIV, V43, P13, DOI
   10.13291/j.cnki.djdxac.2022.05.003
TI Study on Influence of Changji Intercity on Regional Economic Development
AU Wang Y/12; Zhao J; Rong W
TC 1
SO J DALI JIAOTONG UNIV
PY 2022
AB in order to study further the contribution rate of high_speed railway to
   regional economy , changji intercity railway is taken as the research object
   , and the parameters are determined . the economic aggregate of changji
   region and the economic aggregate of three industries are taken as the main
   economic indicators , and passenger and freight turnover are taken as the
   main transportation indicators . with the help of vensim software , the
   system dynamic model of changji intercity railway and changji regional
   economic development is constructed . based on the analysis of the changji
   intercity railway changes in regional economic economy and the calculation
   of its contribution rate to various industries . the opening of the changji
   intercity railway has optimized the industrial structure of the changji
   region with increased economic benefits of surrounding areas and promoted
   steady economic growth . 2022 editorial office of journal of dalian jiaotong
   university . all rights reserved .
DE contribution rate; high-speed railway; regional economy; system dynamics

---

UT 242
AR Rahmati K, 2022, J HYDROL ENG, V27, DOI 10.1061/(ASCE)HE.1943-5584.0002197
TI System-Dynamics Approach to Multireservoir Energy Generation under Climate
   Change
AU Rahmati K; Ashofteh P-S; Afzali R/1; Loáiciga HA
TC 9
SO J HYDROL ENG
PY 2022
AB this paper evaluates several efficiency indexes of hydropower energy
   generation in iran ' s karkheh basin water reservoir system ( i . e . ,
   seymareh and karkheh rivers ) under climate change based on the system
   dynamics approach . the climate change effects are investigated with
   simulations of surface temperature and rainfall driven by downscaled climate
   projections from atmosphere_ocean circulation models in the current
   literature , and the models with the highest correlation and lowest error
   for rainfall and temperature in the 1976_2005 baseline period are identified
   . rainfall and temperature are projected over two future periods , 2040_2069
   and 2070_2099 , and are downscaled to basin scale . results project that the
   basin temperature over future periods will be higher than in the baseline
   period . downscaled results under climate change indicate that rainfall will
   not follow a specific pattern . an artificial neural network applied to
   predict runoff indicates that the runoff and flood peak will decrease .
   software is implemented to simulate the operation of hydropower reservoirs
   in baseline and future periods . five reservoir operation states are
   considered , with simulation results of energy production showing that
   runoff and energy production have a complex pattern . seven indexes of
   hydropower reservoir efficiency are also calculated for the five operation
   states corresponding to targets of energy production . 2022 american society
   of civil engineers .
DE climate change; efficiency indexes; multireservoir hydropower system; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID iran; karkheh basin; khuzestan; atmospheric temperature; climate change;
   climate models; flood control; floods; hydroelectric power; neural networks;
   reservoirs ( water ); runoff; surface temperature; system theory; efficiency
   index; energy generations; energy productions; hydropower reservoirs;
   hydropower system; multi reservoir; multireservoir hydropower system; system
   dynamics; system dynamics approach; vensim; air temperature; artificial
   neural network; climate change; climate effect; climate prediction; energy
   efficiency; energy use; hydroelectric power; power generation; rainfall;
   rain

---

UT 243
AR Fu G, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16146130
TI Simulation and Regulation of High-Quality Economic Development Based on
   System Dynamics and DPSIR Model
AU Fu G; Tang J/2
TC 6
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB the key to promoting high_quality economic development ( hqed ) is to
   identify the influencing factors and the complex relationships among them .
   under the guidance of china ' s new development concept , we systematically
   analyze the factors influencing the hqed based on the dpsir (
   driver_pressure_state_impact_response ) model . we also establish a system
   dynamics model and adopt vensim ple x64 software to simulate the impact of
   dynamic changes on hqed , which include innovation , coordination , green ,
   openness , sharing systems , and their combinations . the results show that
   increasing green investment is the most effective , followed by enhancing
   regional coordination , enhancing foreign trade , and improving human
   capital . among the studied factors , improving livelihood is the weakest .
   for multiple policy scenarios , the balanced scenario is the most efficient
   , followed by the environment_oriented , and the weakest is the
   openness_oriented scenario . interestingly , combined policies are also more
   effective than single policies , which does not always apply . furthermore ,
   the effect of the policy combination is more obvious with the strengthening
   of the implementation intensity , which is important for policymakers . 2024
   by the authors .
DE dpsir; hqed; regulation; simulation modeling; system dynamics
ID china; economic development; economic-policy; ecosystem dynamics;
   environmental impact; human capital; international trade; livelihood;
   software; standard ( regulation )

---

UT 244
AR Zhao P/1, 2022, TUNN UNDERGR SP TECHNOL, V119, DOI
   10.1016/j.tust.2021.104213
TI System dynamics: A new approach for the evaluation of urban underground
   resource integrated development
AU Zhao P/1; Li X/16; Zhang W/3; Xiong Z; Xu W/1; Dai J; Deng L/1
TC 14
SO TUNN UNDERGR SP TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB the current scale and intensity of urban underground resources ( uur ) are
   greater than ever , and the integrated development of uur is of considerable
   significance for urban sustainable development . however , insights on the
   characteristics of uur interactions are limited , and thus a quantitative
   evaluation method is lacking . in this study , we determined uur
   interactions to have the following characteristics : spatiotemporal dynamics
   . multiple influencing factors . chain reactions and synergetic and
   conflicting coexistence . based on these characteristics , the system
   dynamics ( sd ) method was presented as a new approach to evaluate uur
   interactions . compared with existing methods , sd is not only highly
   consistent with the interaction characteristics of uur , but can also
   quantitatively analyze uur . furthermore , by taking the integrated
   development of geomaterial and urban underground space as a case study , the
   integrated development impacts were quantitatively evaluated via an
   integrated two_stage dynamic sd model through vensim . the simulation
   results demonstrate that the gm production of the newly built beijing subway
   ( 991 km , 531 stations ) during 20182023 can be reduced from 2.07 107m3 to
   1.33 107m3 by integrated development . moreover , the integrated development
   achieved favorable environmental impacts , including reductions in the
   energy consumption from 4.07 107kgce to 2.62 107 kgce . greenhouse gas
   emissions from 3.59 107kg to 2.31 107kg . and landfill space occupation from
   9.24 106 m3 to 5.95 106 m3 . this study provides an sd tool for planners
   interested in the integrated development of uur and acts as a reference for
   the assessment of the integrated development impacts . 2021
DE environmental impacts; integrated development; system dynamics; urban
   underground resources
ID beijing [ beijing ( ads )]; beijing [ china ]; china; energy utilization;
   environmental impact; gas emissions; greenhouse gasses; planning;
   sustainable development; current; chain reaction; development impacts;
   integrated development; new approaches; quantitative evaluation methods;
   spatiotemporal dynamics; underground resources; urban sustainable
   development; urban underground resource; computer simulation; energy use;
   environmental impact; greenhouse gas; integrated approach; landfill; metro
   system; quantitative analysis; spatiotemporal analysis; urban development;
   system theory

---

UT 245
AR Martín-Méndez Á, 2026, J NAT CONSERV, V89, DOI 10.1016/j.jnc.2025.127130
TI Management strategies for ungulate overpopulation in closed ecosystems: A
   system dynamics approach to Cabañeros National Park (Spain)
AU Martín-Méndez Á; Campuzano-Bolarín F
TC 0
SO J NAT CONSERV
PY 2026
AB overabundant ungulate populations in predator_free protected areas always
   lead to vegetation loss , soil degradation , and disease outbreaks . this
   study evaluates alternative management strategies for cabaneros national
   park ( spain ) following the 2020 hunting ban . since then , the number of
   red deer ( cervus elaphus ) and wild boar ( sus scrofa ) has increased
   uncontrollably , causing rapid vegetation loss , soil erosion , and the
   emergence of density_dependent diseases . to conduct this study , a systems
   dynamics simulation model was developed that integrates ungulate demography
   , vegetation biomass , and soil quality over a 15_year period ( 20152030 ) .
   three scenarios were tested : ( i ) continued no intervention , ( ii )
   introduction of 10 wolves ( canis lupus signatus ) in 2025 , and ( iii )
   reinstatement of selective hunting with an annual culling of 15 % . model
   calibration used monitoring data and literature_based parameter estimates ,
   with sensitivity analyzes used to identify key drivers . as a result ,
   ungulate biomass is projected to double by 2030 , vegetation cover will
   decline below ecological thresholds , and soil organic matter will decline
   irreversibly . wolf introduction slows population growth but does not allow
   vegetation recovery within five years . selective hunting stabilizes
   ungulate numbers , restores vegetation above the threshold , and halves
   projected soil loss . sensitivity analyzes highlight ungulate birth rates
   and hunting rates as the most influential parameters . in conclusion , the
   model indicates that , under current conditions , regulated hunting is the
   only proven single_lever policy capable of achieving short_term ecological
   recovery . the findings provide an evidence_based framework for
   decision_makers , emphasizing the need for timely intervention to prevent
   irreversible ecosystem degradation in mediterranean protected areas . 2025
   elsevier gmbh
DE cabaneros; deer; modeling; system dynamics; vensim; wild boar; wolf
ID cabaneros national park; castilla-la mancha; spain; deer; environmental
   degradation; modeling; protected area; sensitivity analysis; soil organic
   matter; soil quality; vegetation cover; wild population

---

UT 246
AR Nooshiravani Y, 2021, HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION, V5, DOI
   10.18502/htaa.v5i3.9352
TI Simulation of Supply Chain Resilience Model of the Pharmaceutical Industry
   in the Country in the Supply of Remdesivir Using System Dynamics Approach
AU Nooshiravani Y; Bazai QA; Aligholi M
TC 3
SO HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION
PY 2021
AB background : in the event of a crisis and epidemic of infectious disease ,
   ensuring the proper and timely supply of necessary medicine is one of the
   main priorities of the health care system in any country . therefore , the
   present study investigates the resilience of the iranian medicine supply
   chain using the system dynamics simulation method in increasing the level of
   access to remdesivir . methods : this is a development_applied study to
   provide a model using the system dynamics approach , which first presents a
   rich image that is based on the model , and then because_effect models
   appropriate to the observations made . it was structured on the behavior of
   the system and also inspired by valid theories . the effect of key factors
   affecting the supply chain resilience of the country ' s pharmaceutical
   industry was designed and analyzed using a system dynamics approach using
   decision support system ( dss ) vensim software . the time horizon
   considered for this research was 5 years , from 2019 to 2023 . to predict
   and simulate the system dynamics model , the data collected from the
   questionnaires and the interviews with experts in this field were used .
   results : based on the result of this study , it can be expected that by
   reducing the schedule pressure by 1 and 3 % during the time of the study ,
   the resilience of the supply chain of remedesvir in the country upgraded to
   about 32 % and 47 % . conclusions : according to the complexity of health
   care systems , it is difficult to recognize the interaction of different
   variables , therefore , the effect of interventions is not immediately
   recognizable and requires the passage of time . in addition , the majority
   of the factors influencing health care outcomes are nonlinear . therefore ,
   the use of simulation models can help to clarify the indirect behavior of
   complex health care problems . 2021 tehran university of medical sciences .
DE chain resilience; pharmaceutical industry; remdesivir; resilience;
   simulation; system dynamics approach

---

UT 247
AR Sadabadi AA, 2023, J ENV PLANN MANAG, V66, P1938, DOI
   10.1080/09640568.2022.2043837
TI Photovoltaic technological innovation system (PV TIS) in Iran: identifying
   barriers, incentives, dynamics and developing policies
AU Sadabadi AA; Rahimi Rad Z; Azimzadeh H
TC 8
SO J ENV PLANN MANAG
PY 2023
AB transition to sustainable energies is a fast_growing field of research .
   modeling complex systems can expand our possibilities in this field through
   quantitative analysis . photovoltaic technology is one the best potential
   energy sources in iran but until now , this technology has not been diffused
   appropriately . according to the review of research on pv it is , it was
   found that in developing countries such as iran , quantitative analyzes
   based on simulation by system dynamics have not been performed and also ,
   positive and negative effective factors on this system ( incentives and
   barriers ) , not comprehensively identified . therefore , in this study , at
   first , positive and negative effective factors in the pv it is of iran were
   identified and in the next stage , innovation engines were extracted . in
   order to develop improvement policies , iran ' s pv it is has been modeled
   using a system dynamics approach , and quantitative analyzes related to its
   performance have been presented using vensim ple software . finally , in
   this study , some policies have been developed to promote pv it is
   performance . 2022 newcastle university .
DE incentives and barriers; photovoltaic ( pv ); policy making; system dynamics
   ( sd ); technological innovation system ( tis )
ID iran; alternative energy; developing world; energy policy; innovation;
   performance assessment; photovoltaic system; policy making; quantitative
   analysis; technological development

---

UT 248
AR Zhang X/5, 2022, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12158, DOI 10.1117/12.2626941
TI Study on the impact of prefabricated building cost system based on Vensim
   PLE
AU Zhang X/5; Tang Y
TC 2
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2022
AB the quality of prefabricated building is stable , the construction period is
   fast , and the environmental pollution in the construction process is low .
   but at present , because its ' construction cost is higher than the
   traditional cast_in_situ concrete , especially in the production cost of
   components , transportation cost , installation cost and design cost etc . ,
   the development speed of prefabricated building is slowly . according to the
   system dynamics and the prefabricated building cost theory , this paper
   constructs the prefabricated building cost causal loop model and the stock
   flow model . the results show that in the early stage of the current market
   , the production technology is limited and the direct cost can not be
   reduced . in order to reduce the cost of prefabricated buildings , policy
   support is needed to activate the market demand , and then feed back the
   production technology and the government to build a sustainable development
   route . copyright spie . downloading of the abstract is permitted for
   personal use only .
DE component production; cost incremental; market demand; policy support;
   prefabricated building cost system
ID commerce; construction; sustainable development; building costs; component
   production; construction period; cost incremental; cost systems;
   environmental pollutions; market demand; policy support; prefabricated
   building cost system; production technology; cost reduction

---

UT 249
AR Sun L, 2023, J LIBR SCI AGRIC, V35, P28, DOI
   10.13998/j.cnki.issn1002-1248.23-0699
TI Influencing Factors of Scientific Data Value Increment Based on System
   Dynamics; [科学数据价值增值影响因素系统动力学仿真研究]
AU Sun L; Wang W; Sheng J
TC 1
SO J LIBR SCI AGRIC
PY 2023
AB [ purpose / significance ] to explore the influencing factors of the added
   value of scientific data and reveal the inherent development laws of the
   added value of scientific data . [ method / process ] first , based on the
   interview data of 18 experts and the research results related to the value
   appreciation of scientific data in existing literature , the grounded theory
   method was adopted . through open coding , main_axis coding , and selective
   coding , 19 categories , 6 main categories , and 3 core categories were
   finally obtained . from this , a theoretical model of the factors
   influencing the value appreciation of scientific data was obtained . on this
   basis , the vensim ple tool was used to establish a dynamic model of the
   value appreciation system of scientific data , and the process of value
   appreciation of scientific data was dynamically simulated and analyzed to
   reveal the relationship between various influencing factors and the value
   appreciation of scientific data . [ results / conclusions ] in the process
   of increasing the value of scientific data , the quality factor of raw data
   is a prerequisite , and high_quality raw scientific data are conducive to
   the integration and secondary development of subsequent scientific data .
   the data literacy of data producers represented by researchers has the most
   significant impact on the quality of scientific data . the level of data
   storage and payment has a significant impact on the added value of
   scientific data . when the perceived effort and perceived risk of data
   storage and payment by researchers decrease , accompanied by the pressure of
   scientific data sharing policies , researchers become more likely to
   increase their willingness to save and pay , thereby significantly improving
   the scale effect of data storage and payment . the organization and
   integration of scientific data is the key to the formation of value_added
   scientific data . overall , the metadata quality has the most significant
   impact on the level of scientific data organization and integration . the
   quality of metadata is the foundation of scientific data processing ,
   classification , and integration . the higher the quality of metadata , the
   more it helps to improve the level of scientific data organization and
   integration . the sharing and development of scientific data is the key to
   realizing the value_added of scientific data . it is the final step in
   realizing the value_added of scientific data . in this process , the scale
   of scientific data openness , the quality of scientific data sharing
   platforms , and development capabilities all have a positive promoting
   effect on the level of scientific data sharing and development . 2024
   chinese journal of obstetrics and gynecology / zhonghua fu chan ke za zhi .
   all rights reserved .
DE data elements; fair; influencing factors; scientific data; system dynamics;
   value increment

---

UT 250
AR Sun H, 2022, BUILD, V12, DOI 10.3390/buildings12091361
TI Modelling and Optimizing Resource Management and Environmental Benefit of
   Construction and Demolition Waste: A Case Study in China
AU Sun H; Liu H; Tian J; Guo R; Xu Q; Yao L; Hong W; Li H; Zhu C
TC 13
SO BUILD
PY 2022
AB with the continuous promotion of urbanization , the generation of
   construction and demolition waste ( cdw ) is increasing . the environmental
   problems and safety hazards caused as a result need to be resolved . in this
   paper , based on the system dynamics ( sd ) theory , the modeling , the cost
   , and the environmental benefit of cdw resource management under the life
   cycle assessment ( lca ) are proposed . specifically , we propose a combined
   policy derived through three variables , namely , fines , subsidies , and
   charges . the target is to reduce illegal dumping behavior and landfill
   volume and to improve the recycling volume and environmental benefits . the
   model is constructed with the help of the software vensim , and the validity
   and feasibility of the model are demonstrated with data from nantong city .
   the results show that a single policy can not simultaneously improve
   environmental benefits , illegal dumping , recycling , and landfill behavior
   . a combined policy combines the advantages of three single policies , fines
   , subsidies , and charges , which not only can effectively curb illegal
   dumping and landfill disposal under the premise of prioritizing
   environmental benefits , but can also promote the recycling of cdw . the
   reasonable range for the fine is 300350 cny / ton . the rational range for
   subsidies is 3040 cny / ton . and the flexible range for treatment charge is
   4080 cny / ton . the model can be used for the quantitative assessment of
   urban cdw management costs and environmental benefits and can also provide a
   theoretical basis for the government . 2022 by the authors .
DE construction and demolition waste ( cdw ); environmental benefit; life cycle
   assessment ( lca ); resource management; system dynamics ( sd )

---

UT 251
AR Yang X/4, 2022, INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN SYST ICCCS, P880, DOI
   10.1109/ICCCS55155.2022.9846290
TI Evolutionary Game Analysis of Manufacturing Resource Sharing in Automotive
   Supply Chain Based on Cloud Platform
AU Yang X/4; Liu Y/9; Wang L; Wei J/2
TC 4
SO INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN SYST ICCCS
PY 2022
AB this paper constructs an evolutionary game model of manufacturing resource
   sharing in automobile supply chain under cloud manufacturing environment to
   illustrate the evolutionary relationship of manufacturing resource sharing
   between component suppliers and automobile manufacturers . in this paper ,
   an system dynamics model is established based on vensim , and the influence
   of parameter changes on the evolutionary equilibrium strategy is compared
   and analyzed . the initial resource sharing amount , platform management
   ability , resource coordination ability , informatization coefficient , time
   benefit coefficient , trust coefficient and incentive coefficient are all
   positively correlated with the probability of resource sharing component
   suppliers and automobile manufacturers . the cost of technology loss risk
   and the cost of access to cloud platform will prevent component suppliers or
   automobile manufacturers from sharing manufacturing resources . the
   manufacturing resource conversion capability coefficient and penalty cost
   coefficient should be in a reasonable range to promote manufacturing
   resource sharing between component suppliers and automobile manufacturers .
   the result of evolution can be used as a reference for cooperation and
   resource sharing in automobile manufacturing industry . 2022 ieee .
DE automobile manufacturing industry; cloud platform; evolutionary game;
   manufacturing resource sharing; system dynamics
ID automobiles; supply chains; system theory; automobile manufacturers;
   automobile manufacturing; automobile manufacturing industry; cloud
   platforms; evolutionary games; manufacturing industries; manufacturing
   resource; manufacturing resource sharing; resources sharing; system
   dynamics; informatization

---

UT 252
AR Sunkur R, 2021, J AIR POLLUT HEAL, V6, P79, DOI 10.18502/japh.v6i2.7951
TI An assessment of the underlying relationship between land transportation and
   climate change: Case study Mauritius
AU Sunkur R; Naiko K; Agundhooa A; Jhugroo R; Bokhoree C
TC 1
SO J AIR POLLUT HEAL
PY 2021
AB introduction : land transportation encompasses the movement of people and
   goods and is therefore a major contributor of global greenhouses gasses .
   the main share of such emissions is mostly from the release of carbon
   dioxide into the air as a result of burning transportation fuels obtained
   from petroleum , a major driver of climate change . while today the defining
   issue is a changing climate , the number of vehicles on roads keep on rising
   around the world . materials and methods : this study assessed the
   relationship between land transportation and climate change using a system
   dynamics model based on a 3_layered taxonomy using mauritius island as case
   study . over 100 papers were analyzed and the variables that link land
   transportation and climate change in the mauritian context were selected and
   a taxonomy divided into sub_units was built . results : this innovative
   taxonomy was divided into 3 sections related to the land transportation
   sector including a vehicle layer , transport system layer and society layer
   . using these variables , three stock and flow diagrams were constructed on
   vensim , namely climate change impacts , transport related carbon dioxide
   and socio_economic models . conclusion : while there is a complex
   relationship between land transportation and climate change globally ,
   mauritius must find ways to become more climate friendly in the land
   transportation sector . 2021 tehran university of medical sciences .
   published by tehran university of medical sciences .
DE air pollution; climate change; mauritius; system dynamics

---

UT 253
AR Esfandiyari V, 2024, ENV WATER ENG, V10, P243, DOI
   10.22034/ewe.2023.385968.1848
TI Effect of Optimizing Cultivation Pattern of Agricultural Crops on Water
   Consumption Management Under Virtual Water and Water Footprint Approach
AU Esfandiyari V; Zarifian S; Isanezhad A; Raheli H
TC 2
SO ENV WATER ENG
PY 2024
AB the main challenges facing the agricultural sector in sistan plain include
   scarcity of water resources , inadequate water rationing , and suboptimal
   cultivation patterns . based on this , the main objective of this study was
   to determine the optimal cultivation pattern of agricultural crops by
   considering the virtual water and water footprint and assessing the impact
   on water consumption in this region . to achieve this objective , virtual
   water indicators and green , blue and gray water footprints of agricultural
   crops were calculated to quantify water consumption in the sistan region .
   then , considering the virtual water and water footprint , the optimal
   pattern of plant cultivation was determined using a fuzzy ideal programming
   model . the optimization model results were tested based on a system
   dynamics approach in the vensim ple8.3.5 software . the results showed that
   the virtual water content of agricultural products in this region was 2.69
   m3/kg . the annual water requirement of agricultural crops was 1019 mcm , of
   which 62 % is met . after optimizing the cultivation pattern , the water
   requirement reduced to 600 mcm per year , of which 89 % is supplied .
   additionally , the optimization of cultivation patterns increased water
   supply to the environmental sector from 138 to 240 mcm per year . authors ,
   published by environment and water engineering journal .
DE system dynamics; virtual water; water footprint; water scarcity

---

UT 254
AR Huang M/1, 2021, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V784, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/784/1/012003
TI Research on regional water demand prediction of the upper and middle reaches
   of the Pearl River Basin based on system dynamics
AU Huang M/1; Li X/8; Wang J/8
TC 3
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2021
AB the prediction and calculation of water resource demand play a crucial role
   in the balance of water resource supply and demand in the research area .
   only when the water demand of the research area is accurately and reasonably
   grasped , it is possible to make corresponding management and adjustment
   according to the actual situation in the process of water resource
   utilization , so as to ensure the sustainable development and utilization of
   water resource . in this paper , the upper and middle reaches of the pearl
   river basin is taken as the research area . according to the relationship
   between supply and demand and the social and economic situation of the pearl
   river basin , vensim ple is used to establish the dynamic model of the water
   demand forecasting system of the pearl river basin . the model involves four
   subsystems of population , industry , agriculture and water resource , and
   the water resource demand of the three provinces is simulated . compared
   with the results of the pearl river basin planning report , the prediction
   error is small , which proves that the system dynamics model is feasible to
   predict the water demand of the pearl river basin . published under license
   by iop publishing ltd .
DE system dynamics; vensim ple; water demand prediction
ID agricultural robots; economics; forecasting; gems; research and development
   management; sustainable development; system theory; watersheds; development
   and utilizations; economic situation; pearl river basin; prediction errors;
   supply and demand; system dynamics model; water demand forecasting; water
   resource utilization; rivers

---

UT 255
AR Abam F, 2025, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V32, P19860, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-025-36823-4
TI CO2 mitigation pathways and scenarios: an empirical study of Nigeria’s
   residential sector
AU Abam F; Okoro U; Mbohwa C
TC 3
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2025
AB the nigerian residential sector is an increasing source of carbon emissions
   , driven by population growth , rising household income , and reliance on
   fossil_based fuels . this study applies logarithmic mean divisia index (
   lmdi ) decomposition and system dynamics ( sd ) modeling to analyze
   historical trends from 2000 to 2018 and simulate future energy use and co2
   emissions from 2018 to 2050 . the models were developed using national data
   and validated in vensim_ple software . between 2000 and 2018 , household
   energy use rose from 49,700 to 53,300 mt , growing at 7.3 % annually . the
   co2 emissions reached 887.74 mt_co2 , an increase of 16 % . the
   decomposition analysis attributes emission growth to household size ( 193 %
   ) , energy intensity ( 68 % ) , and fuel structure ( 29 % ) , while per
   capita income and average household size moderate the rise in carbon
   emissions . under a business_as_usual ( bau ) scenario , projections show a
   963 % rise in carbon intensity and a 114 % population_driven emission
   increase by 2050 . a 5 % change in household energy use under a
   single_moderate adjustment scenario results in a 2534 % emission shift . the
   double_drastic scenario , featuring a 10 % fossil fuel cut , yields a 40 %
   emission reduction by 2050 . energy intensity improvements of 6167 % are
   projected by 2030 across scenarios . these findings underscore the urgency
   for coordinated energy efficiency policies , fossil fuel phase_out ,
   renewable energy adoption , and behavioral change to achieve a low_carbon
   residential transition in nigeria . the author ( s ) , under exclusive
   license to springer_verlag gmbh germany , part of springer nature 2025 .
DE carbon emission; nigeria; residential; scenarios; system dynamics
ID carbon dioxide; fossil fuels; humans; nigeria; nigeria; carbon; carbon
   emissions; economic analysis; emission control; energy efficiency; energy
   policy; fossil fuels; population statistics; system theory; zero-carbon;
   carbon dioxide; fossil fuel; carbon emissions; co 2 mitigation; empirical
   studies; energy intensity; household energy use; nigeria; residential;
   residential sectors; scenario; system dynamics; decomposition analysis;
   energy efficiency; energy intensity; energy use; fossil fuel; household
   energy; human; nigeria; housing

---

UT 256
AR Chen W/3, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13020133
TI Passenger Flow Simulation of Airport Terminal Subway Station Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Chen W/3; Ai Y
TC 2
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB grasping the effective carrying capacity of airport hub subway stations in
   real_time serves as the foundation for enhancing the safety assurance
   capability of the hub . starting from the perspectives of multiple
   subsystems , including people , stations , and trains , and combining
   passenger flow , system structure , and multiple attributes of trains , a
   system dynamics ( sd ) model for passenger travel in airport hub subway
   stations is established . the model is simulated using vensim ple 5.9d to
   analyze the effective carrying capacity of the transfer system under the
   existing configuration and layout of transfer facilities and equipment in
   the hub . the model features a modular architecture and interface , enabling
   quick and easy model establishment , and adapts to various configurations
   and operational characteristics of airport hub subway stations in a
   user_friendly manner . multiple sensitivity simulation analysis experiments
   are designed to analyze changes in passenger flow density from multiple
   perspectives . this method can calculate the effective carrying capacity of
   airport hub subway stations , providing a scientific basis for planning ,
   construction , and operational management . the effectiveness of the model
   is verified by analyzing the pudong international airport terminal subway
   station . 2025 by the authors .
DE airport terminal; effective carrying capacity; passenger flow; sensitivity
   analysis; subway station; system dynamics

---

UT 257
AR Qin Z, 2021, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P2572, DOI 10.1145/3482632.3487473
TI A simulation model of engineering construction near-miss event disclosure
   strategy based on evolutionary game theory
AU Qin Z; Wu S
TC 1
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2021
AB in the field of construction engineering , the concealment reporting problem
   in the initial stage of near_miss event management seriously hinders its
   subsequent management . in order to analyze the game relationship between
   the front_line safety managers and the near_miss event reporters of the same
   project company in the near_miss event concealment reporting problem , this
   paper constructs a manager_reporter evolutionary game model and uses
   vensimple to build a system simulation model for the study . in this paper ,
   the real situation is abstracted into an evolutionary game model , and each
   parameter in the model is logically analyzed and quantitatively assigned a
   value . then , the software is used to simulate the changes of manager ' s
   supervision probability and reporter ' s concealment probability under
   different initial strategy combinations , and through the analysis of the
   simulation results , the strategy changes under different initial strategy
   settings are obtained , so as to provide theoretical selection basis for
   near_miss event managers to formulate supervision strategies and set the
   frequency of supervision . 2021 acm .
DE event disclosure; evolutionary game; near-miss event; system dynamics
ID computer software; managers; project management; construction engineering;
   engineering constructions; event disclosure; event management; evolutionary
   game models; evolutionary game theory; evolutionary games; near-miss event;
   near-misses; simulation model; game theory

---

UT 258
AR Moradinia SF, 2023, AMIRKABIR J CIV ENG, V55, P431, DOI
   10.22060/ceej.2022.21250.7666
TI Simulation of delay factors in dam construction projects with a system
   dynamics approach
AU Moradinia SF; Dizaj IA
TC 1
SO AMIRKABIR J CIV ENG
PY 2023
AB delays are among the causes for financial loss in construction projects .
   extensive research has thus been carried out on how to confront it , or
   reduce its consequences . the effect on dam construction projects is highly
   pronounced as a consequence of their high operation magnitude , and long
   initial execution duration . numerous papers have thus far studied the
   causes of delay in projects from a dynamic systems ' approach , in such
   sectors as construction , railways and highways . however , a simple
   comprehensive exploration of literature on the study of construction delay
   through the dynamic systems method reveals a gap of research around dam
   construction . as this is the largest class of projects in the nation ,
   numerous factors are involved in project delays . to investigate the causes
   of delay in these projects the vensim software package has proven useful and
   imperative in carrying out dynamic system analyzes . the present paper ,
   involves a case study of the marvak dam in lorestan province . based on
   previous studies and former practical experience in construction , a set of
   10 common causes of delay was compiled into a questionnaire , for 20 dam
   construction experts who were asked to rate the causes from 1 to 10 ,
   depending on how much each factor actually causes delay in the project ,
   with a rating of 1 and 10 , signifying the highest , and lowest weight .
   among the factors , the effect of four variables , namely human resources ,
   machinery and equipment , financial resources of the contractor , and
   deficiency in technical blueprints , were selected as the most effective
   factors . the vensim software package was then used to simulate the model
   based on project specifications . results involved the project ' s ' '
   overall predictable delay ' ' with the share of each factor specified in a
   breakdown . 2023 , amirkabir university of technology . all rights reserved
   .
DE dam construction projects; delays; project schedule management; system
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 259
AR Bafti AA, 2026, ENG, V29, DOI 10.1016/j.rineng.2026.108996
TI Demand-side transformation in renewable energy integration: coordinated
   scenario planning using system dynamics
AU Bafti AA; Rezaei M; Teymouri A; Sahebi H; Ghasemi P
TC 2
SO ENG
PY 2026
AB effective energy analysis requires examining current and projected
   consumption of both conventional and renewable sources . scenario planning (
   sp ) also plays a key role in anticipating how energy sources may evolve .
   however , system dynamics models lack a structured method for embedding key
   drivers into scenario design , while sp alone can not represent the complex
   feedbacks needed for accurate forecasting . to address these limitations ,
   this study proposes a coordinated scenario planning with system dynamics
   modeling ( csp_sdm ) approach , using an enhanced system dynamics model in
   vensim to capture interactions among demographic trends , economic
   indicators , production patterns , and energy variables . it deploys a
   scenario design strategy to capture the influence and interdependence among
   key variables via mactor software , and k_means clustering to identify those
   most critical to scenario outcomes . clustering of key drivers and
   prediction power are rigorously validated , demonstrating well_defined
   groupings and notable predictive accuracy . scenario wizard is employed to
   develop consistent exploratory scenarios , each offering distinct
   perspectives beyond the baseline scenario , which is grounded in historical
   data trends ( 19932022 ) . the model integrates demand_side , government ,
   and private sector dynamics . the baseline projects only 11.08 twh of growth
   , locked in by low electricity prices , high energy intensity , and limited
   grid modernization . in contrast , the adapting to constraints scenario
   achieves 28.5 twh , demonstrating the gains from incremental change . the
   balancing act scenario , more than doubles this output to 57.4 twh by
   prioritizing efficiency alongside investment . however , the most
   transformative outcome is delivered by the harmony of acceleration scenario
   , which unlocks 100.4 twh of renewable demand . 2026 the author ( s ) .
DE k-means; mactor; renewable power demand; scenario wizard; system dynamics
   modeling scenario planning; vensim
ID economics; investments; renewable energy; system theory; k-means; mactor;
   power demands; renewable power; renewable power demand; scenario planning;
   scenario wizard; system dynamic modeling scenario planning; system dynamics
   modeling; vensim; dynamics

---

UT 260
AR Abaddi S, 2025, NAT RESOUR FORUM, V49, P1732, DOI 10.1111/1477-8947.12452
TI Modeling e-Truck adoption for sustainable transport in Jordan: A system
   dynamics approach
AU Abaddi S
TC 5
SO NAT RESOUR FORUM
PY 2025
AB this study has developed a model that predicts the quantity of co2 emissions
   reduced and the adoption of e_trucks until the year 2100 in jordan . using
   system dynamics software ( powersim ) and business intelligence tools (
   microsoft power bi ) , the most significant factors affecting three modules
   : environment , government , and customer were examined . twelve scenarios
   were modeled during the study ( three factors and four cases for each factor
   ) . the factors were marketing effectiveness , environmental awareness , and
   government acquisition subsidy , and their values were ( 0.2 , 0.3 , 0.4 ,
   0.5 ) , ( 0.3 , 0.4 , 0.5 , 0.6 ) , and ( 500 , 1500 , 3000 , 6000 jordanian
   dinar_jod ) , respectively . under normal conditions , with a marketing
   effectiveness of 0.2 , environmental awareness of 0.3 , and a subsidy of 500
   jod , the annual sales of e_trucks and conventional fuel trucks ( cft ) will
   break_even in 2052 in jordan . the cumulative co2 emissions reduction at the
   same year will be 6165.213 tons . among the three factors , marketing
   effectiveness was found to have the highest impact followed by the
   environmental awareness and last came the acquisition subsidy . based on our
   findings , it is recommended that policymakers prioritize improving
   marketing efforts to accelerate the shift toward e_trucks , raise
   environmental awareness among consumers , and provide subsidies for
   acquisition of e_trucks in jordan . additionally , further research is
   needed to incorporate other factors , such as ict infrastructure ,
   technology maturity and other social factors that can affect the adoption of
   e_trucks . the study ' s originality lies in its focus on e_trucks , a
   relatively underexplored area in the sustainable transport literature ,
   especially in the context of jordan as many other emerging nations . the
   practical implications include leading the switch to e_trucks , identifying
   infrastructural needs , and informing legislative choices . by analyzing
   long_term dynamics and encouraging the deployment of e_trucks , it seeks to
   lower co2 emissions , enhance air quality , and promote a sustainable
   transportation system in jordan . 2024 united nations .
DE co2 emissions; e-trucks; fuel consumption; jordan; simulation; sustainable
   transport; system dynamics
ID jordan; carbon emission; electric vehicle; fuel consumption; sustainable
   development; transportation system

---

UT 261
AR Mier-Valderrama L, 2024, SYST, V12, DOI 10.3390/systems12090326
TI Why Is Reducing the Dead Zone in the Gulf of Mexico Such a Complex Goal?
   Understanding the Structure That Drives Hypoxic Zone Formation via System
   Dynamics
AU Mier-Valderrama L; Ledezma J; Gibson K; Anoruo A; Turner B
TC 1
SO SYST
PY 2024
AB the northern gulf of mexico hosts a severe dead zone , an oxygen_depleted
   area spanning 1,618,000 hectares , threatening over 40 % of the you . s .
   fishing industry and causing annual losses of usd 82 million . using a
   system dynamics ( sd ) approach , this study examined the
   mississippiatchafalaya river basin ( marb ) , a major contributor to hypoxia
   in the gulf . a dynamic model , developed with vensim software version
   10.2.1 andexisting data , represented the physical , biological , and
   chemical processes leading to eutrophication and simulated dead zone
   formation over time . various policies were assessed , considering natural
   system variability . the findings showed that focusing solely on nitrogen
   control reduced the dead zone but required greater intensity or managing
   other inputs to meet environmental goals . runoff control policies delayed
   nutrient discharge but did not significantly alter long_term outcomes .
   extreme condition tests highlighted the critical role of runoff dynamics ,
   dependent on nitrogen load relative to flow volume from upstream . the model
   suggests interventions should not just reduce eutrophication inputs but
   enhance factors slowing down the process , allowing natural denitrification
   to override anthropogenic nitrification . 2024 by the authors .
DE dead zone; eutrophication; gulf of mexico; system dynamics; watershed
   management

---

UT 262
AR Tang L/1, 2022, J GEOGR SCI, V32, P1513, DOI 10.1007/s11442-022-2008-3
TI Simulating the development of resilient human settlement in Changsha
AU Tang L/1; Long H
TC 16
SO J GEOGR SCI
PY 2022
AB using the system dynamics simulation software vensim ple , we built a model
   to simulate the development of resilient human settlement in changsha . this
   model includes five subsystems : living , economy , society , ecology and
   engineering . the model simulates various scenarios , based on different
   parameter settings to predict the trend of human settlement from 20192040 in
   changsha . it puts forward four development programs under different
   simulation scenarios . the results show that the current system of human
   settling lacks self_regulation and feedback , where simple increases in the
   economy and urbanization can not drive the internal system to progress
   positively . in contrast , the resilient human settlement program is more
   reasonable and scientific , up to the year 2040 , the production , living
   and ecological environment of residents will be markedly improved in terms
   of per capita disposable income , per capita floor space and medical
   insurance coverage . these will increase by 98.9 % , 39.7 % , and 170.7 % ,
   respectively . this system of developing resilient human settlement provides
   feedback according to the internal relation loops and thus drives itself to
   adjust and recover , achieving harmonious and sustainable development . in
   the forthcoming development , we should take the initiative to optimize
   economic development and upgrade industrial structures , establish emergency
   plans and response mechanisms to enhance human quality of life . 2022 ,
   science in china press .
DE human settlement; resilience; simulation; sustainable development; system
   dynamics

---

UT 263
AR Yuan R, 2022, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V29, P12589, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-14370-y
TI A system dynamic model for simulating the potential of prefabrication on
   construction waste reduction
AU Yuan R; Guo F; Qian Y; Cheng B; Li J/4; Tang X; Peng X/2
TC 44
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB prefabrication is a promising method for minimizing construction waste since
   it is conducted in a controlled environment . this paper develops a
   simulation model for quantitatively evaluating the potential of
   prefabrication on construction waste reduction by considering interaction
   behaviors among factors influencing the application of prefabrication and
   construction waste reduction during the design stage . the theory of planned
   behavior is applied to determine the system boundary , and a system dynamic
   model is applied for establishing the simulation model . a case project in
   anhui , china , is selected for demonstrating the established model .
   results show that the ( 1 ) application of prefabrication method contributes
   to construction waste reduction by reducing material wastes and reworking
   due to design changes . ( 2 ) impacts of prefabrication method on concrete
   waste reduction is the most significant . ( 3 ) increasing investment on
   designers ' professional training and strengthening policies is two
   efficient strategies to make full use of the potential of the prefabrication
   method on construction waste reduction during the design stage . the
   developed model can offer designers as well as policymakers with references
   for applying prefabrication method for construction waste reduction by
   comparing outcomes under various scenarios with different strategies and
   policies ahead of implementation . 2021 , the author ( s ) , under exclusive
   license to springer_verlag gmbh germany , part of springer nature .
DE circular; construction waste reduction; economy; prefabrication; simulation;
   system dynamics; vensim
ID china; computer simulation; construction industry; construction materials;
   industrial waste; policy; waste management; anhui; china; investment;
   numerical model; policy making; simulation; strategic approach; waste
   management; building industry; building material; china; computer
   simulation; industrial waste; policy; waste management

---

UT 264
AR Liu W/2, 2023, RESOUR POLIC, V80, DOI 10.1016/j.resourpol.2022.103183
TI Resilience assessment of the cobalt supply chain in China under the impact
   of electric vehicles and geopolitical supply risks
AU Liu W/2; Li X/4; Liu C; Wang M; Liu L/3
TC 105
SO RESOUR POLIC
PY 2023
AB cobalt , one of the essential new energy materials , is widely applied in
   many crucial industries . in recent years , the rapid development of
   electric vehicles ( evs ) has led to increased cobalt demand , and
   geopolitical changes have increased the risk of cobalt supply disruption .
   to investigate the impact of geopolitical risks and demand shocks of evs on
   the cobalt supply chain system , we applied the system dynamics model to
   assess the cobalt supply chain resilience and construct four subsystems of
   price , production capacity , supply , and demand to explore the resilience
   mechanism of the cobalt supply chain . through vensim simulation experiments
   , three resilience enhancement measures from recycling technology ,
   inventory , and material substitution under the impact of the evs demand and
   geopolitical supply risks are used as model scenarios . the research results
   revealed that the cobalt supply chain is less resilient under the impact of
   evs and geopolitical risks . the reduction of cobalt imports under
   geopolitical risks has a direct impact on cobalt prices and produces a
   superimposed effect . when a 20 % , 50 % , and 100 % reduction in china ' s
   cobalt imports due to geopolitical events , the cobalt price rises from 2026
   by 8.24 % , 10.67 % , and 15.01 % in 2027 , respectively , compared to the
   baseline scenario , to reach the maximum cobalt price in 2028 . the
   improvement in recycling technology makes the chinese cobalt supply chain
   more resilient , as evidenced by capacity growth . a 33 % improvement in
   recovery technology , increasing cobalt supply capacity by 12.57 % and
   relieving supply pressure by 16.47 % under cobalt supply disruptions .
   inventory is one of the apparent improvements in the cobalt supply chain to
   respond to shocks in ev demand . material substitution improves resilience
   in both scenarios , but is less effective in supply disruptions under
   geopolitical risk shocks . 2022 elsevier ltd
DE electric vehicles; geopolitical risk; supply chain resilience; supply
   disruption; system dynamics
ID china; electric vehicles; recycling; risk assessment; risk perception;
   supply chains; system theory; % reductions; energy materials; geopolitical
   risks; materials substitutions; new energies; recycling technology; supply
   chain resiliences; supply disruption; supply risk; system dynamics; cobalt;
   demand analysis; electric vehicle; geopolitics; mineral deposit;
   mineralization; supply chain management; cobalt

---

UT 265
AR Tang J/1, 2022, CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG CHINA ISPM, P947, DOI
   10.52202/065147-0129
TI Study on the Evolution Mechanism of High-quality Development of New Energy
   Vehicles Automakers Based on System Dynamic Game Model
AU Tang J/1; Wu W/1
TC 0
SO CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG CHINA ISPM
PY 2022
AB as a strategic emerging industry in the 14th five_year plan , new energy
   vehicles are an important development direction to promote the great leap
   forward development of china automobile industry . in this paper , the
   asymmetric evolutionary game model of government enterprise consumer is
   established to explore the complex interaction mechanism of tripartite
   strategy selection . with the help of vensim software , sd model is
   constructed and modeled and simulated to clarify the action efficiency and
   influence path of key parameters on the optimal decision_making of the
   system . the results show that : ( 1 ) in the development process of new
   energy vehicle enterprises , there is path dependence among the behavior
   strategies of the three stakeholders , the evolutionary stable state is not
   affected by the proportion of initial will . ( 2 ) enterprises should seize
   the development opportunity of free riding , increase high_quality r and d
   investment in the initial stage of industrial development , strengthen
   innovative technology , and form the advantage of brand leader . ( 3 ) the
   dual credit policy is an effective alternative policy for subsidy decline ,
   which has a synergistic regulatory role . in order to ensure that the
   process of high_quality development of the industry is not restricted by r
   and d costs , we should formulate a reasonable subsidy decline rate and
   credit transaction price to improve the vitality of enterprise
   transformation and upgrading . conference proceedings of the 10th
   international symposium on project management , china , ispm 2022 .
DE dual credit policy; government-enterprise-consumer; high-quality
   development; new energy vehicles; subsidy decline
ID decision making; investments; project management; credit policy; dual credit
   policy; dynamic game; evolution mechanism; government-enterprise-consumer;
   high-quality; high-quality development; new energy vehicles; subsidy
   decline; system dynamics; automotive industry

---

UT 266
AR Dechimo AA Jr, 2023, PLANT DIVERS BIOCULTURAL LANDSCAPES, P615, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-19-8649-9_27
TI System dynamic modeling of top harvested plant bioresources in Northern
   Negros Natural Park
AU Dechimo AA Jr; Buot IE Jr; Andrada R II; Bagarinao RT; Banaticla-Hilario
   MCN; Sobremisana MJ
TC 0
SO PLANT DIVERS BIOCULTURAL LANDSCAPES
PY 2023
AB the planning for management initiatives of northern negros natural park (
   nnnp ) as a protected area needs datasets on plant bioresources mostly
   harvested from various zones in the park . this paper aims to 1 ) develop a
   modelthat could predict the forest cover change in nnnp , 2 ) project
   scenarios on the impact of harvesting plantbioresources ( pbrs ) on forest
   cover change . and 3 ) analyze the scenario projections on their impact to
   policy andmanagement practices for pbrs use and forest cover in nnnp .
   system dynamics modeling methodology wasutilized to develop the logistic
   growth model utilized for scenario projections . the scenario projections
   made use ofthe data from the household survey and floral assessment in nnnp
   . results showed that the developed projectionmodel entered in stella
   software can project scenarios for top harvested pbrs and forest cover of
   nnnp . in allprojected scenarios , the collection of top pbrs is still below
   the species ' tipping point of local extinction . onaverage , the annual
   harvest is at 0.57 % of its estimated stock population in the business as
   usual scenario , intensified harvest scenario ( 1.68 % ) , and reduced or
   ideal harvest rate scenario ( 0.18 % ) . a low to moderate risk ofextinction
   was observed in the estimated average species density . the harvest of these
   species was regulated bythe expanded national integrated protected area
   systems ( enipas ) act of 2018 . however , the weakimplementation of these
   regulations contributed to the continuing illegal collection and commercial
   activities insidennnp . the results presented in this paper provided a
   20_year projection and trends for the pbrs mostly harvestedas important data
   set needed in planning and management initiatives in the protected area .
   the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer nature singapore pte
   ltd . 2023 .
DE plant bioresources; projection; stella; system dynamics modeling

---

UT 267
AR Hidayat T, 2021, WSEAS TRANS BUSI ECON, V18, P1121, DOI
   10.37394/23207.2021.18.106
TI The effect of COVID-19 on credit and capital risk of state-owned bank in
   Indonesia: A system dynamics model
AU Hidayat T; Masyita D; Nidar SR; Febrian E; Ahmad F
TC 2
SO WSEAS TRANS BUSI ECON
PY 2021
AB _the global covid_19 pandemic has greatly affected people , especially in
   the economic and banking sectors . the indonesian financial services
   authority ( otoritas jasa keuangan , ojk ) issued a credit restructuring
   policy , effective from march 2020 to march 2022 , to reduce credit and bank
   capital risk . this study proposes the bank risk scenario after the credit
   restructuring policy of the ojk moratorium in march 2022 and proposes the
   internal bank policy simulation to mitigate credit and capital risks in
   terms of non_performing loan ( npl ) and capital adequacy ratio ( car ) .
   the difficulty of this study is how to develop the risk scenario and to
   simulate the bank risk mitigation policy after the policy moratorium , while
   the covid_19 pandemic is still ongoing and the economy is not yet normal .
   to that purpose , this study uses a system dynamics methodology with
   powersim studio 10 software that is able to make scenarios on the level of
   credit risk ( npl ) and bank capital ( car ) and able to simulate internal
   bank policy to overcome the risk by considering the environmental and policy
   changes . based on the policy simulation , it is recommended that bank can
   implement the restructuring policy to control the credit risk and
   strengthening the npl monitoring activity in order to manage and decrease
   the loan impairment expenses . to increase car , the result shows that the
   combined policy consists of the npl monitoring program , the interest rate
   and the operating cost management program is able to produce a significant
   increase in bank ' s capital ( car ) . the original contribution of this
   study is to provide new model of credit and capital risk scenario and risk
   mitigation simulation during the covid_19 pandemic . the advantage of this
   study is that the model can be tested and implemented to other banks . 2021
   , world scientific and engineering academy and society . all rights reserved
   .
DE banking; capital risk; covid-19; credit restructuring policy; credit risk;
   simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 268
AR Morales SAH, 2021, INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL, V12, P649, DOI
   10.14569/IJACSA.2021.0120174
TI Inventory Management Analysis under the System Dynamics Model
AU Morales SAH; Andrade-Arenas L
TC 7
SO INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL
PY 2021
AB in this work , the modeling of the system dynamics concerning inventory
   management has been carried out , this was done to achieve a correct
   analysis on said management , and thus make decisions that benefit the
   company . knowing that the problem lies in the mismanagement of inventories
   , which are managed by certain companies with little or vast knowledge about
   inventory management , for which , it is desired to make use of the system
   dynamics modeling , so that this , achieves a correct analysis of the
   management , but is focused on the dynamics of system . the result obtained
   , from the development of the methodology applied in this work , was a
   correct and adequate analysis of the dynamics modeling of system in
   inventory management , which was achieved , using the simulation software
   known as vensim , and a methodology based on three stages that are the
   causal diagram , the forrester diagram , and the mathematical equations .
   2021 , international journal of advanced computer science and applications .
   all rights reserved .
DE causal diagram; dynamics of system; forrester diagram; inventory management;
   vensim
ID computer software; system theory; causal diagram; dynamics models; dynamics
   of system; forrester diagrams; inventory management; management analysis;
   model of systems; simulation software; system dynamics modeling; vensim;
   inventory control

---

UT 269
AR Sun D, 2020, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V32, P2272, DOI
   10.16182/j.issn1004731x.joss.20-FZ0334
TI Simulation of Incentive Mechanism Simulation on Reverse Supply Chain of
   Waste Products Based on Dual Drive; [双驱动式废弃品逆向供应链激励机制仿真]
AU Sun D; Xie D; Guan F; Ji Y/1
TC 2
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2020
AB in view of the current situation of coordination failure caused by different
   benefits of different entities in the waste reverse supply chain , based on
   system dynamics , a three_party evolutionary game model of residents , waste
   disposal institutions and production enterprises is constructed . vensim
   simulation software is used to establish the stock_flow chart with the
   strategy selection probability as the horizontal variable . in the two cases
   of exogenous variable in constant and a time_trend , the simulation is
   carried out separately , and the strategy evolution path of the three
   parties is obtained without external interference . through sensitivity
   analysis , the exogenous variables having a major impact on the main
   strategy is fixed , and a dual_drive supply chain incentive mechanism driven
   by garbage classification and market mechanism is designed . 2020 , the
   editorial board of journal of system simulation . all right reserved .
DE incentive mechanism; reverse supply chain; simulation; waste classification;
   waste products

---

UT 270
AR Gurrappanaidu G, 2025, VIRUSES, V17, DOI 10.3390/v17010023
TI Assessment of Vaccination Impact in PPR-Control Program Implemented in
   Southern States of India: A System Dynamics Model Approach
AU Gurrappanaidu G; Subbanna NKG; Wanyoike F; Bahta S; Reddy YR; Bardhan D;
   Vinayagamurthy B; Vijayalakshmy K; Habibur R
TC 1
SO VIRUSES
PY 2025
AB mass vaccination against peste des petits ruminants ( ppr ) in two southern
   states of india , namely andhra pradesh and karnataka , has reduced disease
   outbreaks significantly . the sporadic outbreaks reported now can be
   attributed in part to the recurring movement of sheep and goats between
   these contiguous states . this study assessed the present level of economic
   burden and impact of vaccination on the local system ( one state ) ,
   considering the exposure from the external system ( neighboring state )
   using a system dynamic ( sd ) model . the sd model relies on interdependence
   , interaction , information feedback , and circular causality and captures
   potential feedback between disease control interventions and their impact on
   various epidemiological and economic outcomes . the data for
   parameterization of the model were collected through surveys , expert
   elicitation , and literature review . the sporadic outbreaks reported in
   recent years ( < 10 outbreaks / year during 2022 ) were due to continuous '
   ' mass vaccination ' ' for more than a decade . during 20212022 , the ppr
   incidence was less in both the states , with an estimated loss of usd 26.30
   and usd 22.86 million in andhra pradesh and karnataka , respectively . the
   sd model results showed a systemic increase in flock size and offtakes and a
   decline in the number of infected and death cases under high vaccination
   coverage ( 75 % and 100 % coverage ) compared to the low_coverage scenario .
   hence , the coordinated inter_state vaccination efforts offer better
   prospects , as efforts in one state have positive externalities in terms of
   fewer outbreaks in a neighboring state . 2024 by the authors .
DE ppr; sd modeling; vaccination impact
ID animals; disease outbreaks; goat diseases; goats; india; mass vaccination;
   peste-des-petits-ruminants; peste-des-petits-ruminants virus; sheep; sheep
   diseases; vaccination; viral vaccines; virus vaccine; article; body weight
   loss; case fatality rate; computer model; disease transmission; economic
   aspect; female; goat; health care survey; health program; incidence; male;
   mass immunization; mortality; nonhuman; peste-des-petits-ruminants; sheep;
   socioeconomics; system dynamics model; vaccination; vaccination coverage;
   animal; epidemic; epidemiology; goat; goat disease; immunology; india;
   peste-des-petits-ruminants virus; prevention and control; sheep disease;
   vaccination; veterinary medicine; virology

---

UT 271
AR Cheng B, 2022, ENV MANAG, V70, P666, DOI 10.1007/s00267-022-01617-8
TI Improving Contractors’ Participation of Resource Utilization in Construction
   and Demolition Waste through Government Incentives and Punishments
AU Cheng B; Huang J/3; Li J/4; Chen S/1; Chen H/3
TC 59
SO ENV MANAG
PY 2022
AB this paper develops a simulation model for analyzing how government
   incentives and punishments improve contractors ' participation in resource
   utilization of construction and demolition waste ( rucdw ) based on system
   dynamics theory . the construction industry ' s long_term objective is to
   become more sustainable and resource_effective , and as part of this
   objective , generated construction and demolition waste should be recycled
   and resource utilized . however , most contractors have little willingness
   to engage in rucdw because it increases their costs . the government thus
   plays a vital role in improving their participation in rucdw through a range
   of educational tools such as advertisements , professional training ,
   incentives , and punishments . among these approaches , incentives and
   punishments are considered the most effective because they directly change
   project costs . we use the vensim software package for numerical simulation
   and data collected from suzhou , china are used to demonstrate and validate
   the developed model . simulation results show that the government can
   improve contractors ' participation in rucdw through three kinds of
   incentives and punishments : ( 1 ) subsidizing rucdw . ( 2 ) increasing
   landfill fees . and 3 ) issuing fines for illegal dumping . comprehensive
   application of multiple policies has a stronger effect than single policies
   . the established model is therefore a valuable tool for assessing the
   dynamic effects of government incentives and punishments on rucdw ahead of
   implementation , which can provide guidance for policymakers . 2022 , the
   author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer science+business media ,
   llc , part of springer nature .
DE construction and demolition waste; government incentives and punishments;
   resource utilization; sustainable construction; system dynamics
ID computer software; contractors; demolition; personnel training; system
   theory; construction and demolition waste; educational tools; government
   incentive; government incentive and punishment; professional training;
   project cost; resources utilizations; simulation model; sustainable
   construction; vensim softwares; advertising; article; building industry;
   china; computer simulation; construction and demolition waste; government;
   illegal dumping; incentive; landfill; punishment; simulation; software;
   theoretical study; construction industry

---

UT 272
AR Somasundaram J, 2023, J INST RES SOUTH EAST ASIA, V21, P139
TI Empowering Multi-disciplinary Policymaking with Systems Dynamics: The Return
   on Investing in Early Childhood Education
AU Somasundaram J; Somasundaram S; Rasul MG
TC 0
SO J INST RES SOUTH EAST ASIA
PY 2023
AB the human sciences are maturing rapidly . education policymaking must also
   mature . one method of ensuring rigor in policymaking is evaluating the
   return on investment ( roi ) . a major discovery in the human sciences is
   the importance of the first thousand days of life in shaping an individual '
   s life . this period is neglected in educational policymaking and funding .
   this research aims to build an roi model to support educational policy in
   the first thousand days . the research was done in two stages . firstly ,
   the literature on early childhood was reviewed and integrated to derive
   equations that describe the life_long impacts of early childhood . secondly
   , a systems dynamic ( modeling of complex systems ) is constructed using
   vensim software . we propose a three_phase model : ( 1 ) rigorous adolescent
   teaching of emotional and social skills . ( 2 ) an ' ' it takes a village to
   raise a child ' ' strategy . and ( 3 ) a ' ' parents as first teachers ' '
   strategy . we found that ( 1 ) australian government agencies lack a
   coordinated strategy . ( 2 ) education funding is primarily directed at
   supporting educational professionals and institutions rather than empowering
   and skilling families and communities . ( 3 ) more research on forgetting
   and loss of skill post_course completion is needed , and ( 4 ) research into
   and awareness of complex systems can be fostered with easy_to_use systems
   dynamics software platforms . this research applies four powerful tactics
   for empowered educational research : ( 1 ) empowering individuals and
   communities . ( 2 ) education as operating in multi_disciplinary complex
   systems . ( 3 ) championing recent transformational discoveries . and ( 4 )
   exploring the roi of policies . 2023 , southeast asian association for
   institutional research . all rights reserved .
DE early childhood education; multi-disciplinary research; policy research;
   return on investment; systems dynamics

---

UT 273
AR Marzouk M, 2022, CLEAN ENG TECHNOL, V6, DOI 10.1016/j.clet.2021.100368
TI Modeling investment policies effect on environmental indicators in Egyptian
   construction sector using system dynamics
AU Marzouk M; Fattouh KM
TC 9
SO CLEAN ENG TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB construction stakeholders aim at limiting the impact of the construction
   sector on the natural environment to assure sustainability . the
   construction industry forms a significant portion of the egyptian gdp and
   employs millions of labor force and consumes most of the country ' s energy
   and its primary resources . egypt faces dual pressure of maintaining
   economic growth and largely reducing carbon emissions . this study aims at
   exploring the effect of finance_growth_energy nexus on carbon emissions for
   egypt over the 19902050 period . by employing the system dynamics approach ,
   the study tries to capture the impact of some investment policies on the
   consumption of energy , financial development and economic growth in
   addition to linking them with the carbon emissions of egypt in a simulation
   model using vensim ple software . the model provides the policy makers with
   a simulating tool supporting their decisions . the findings reveal that both
   construction technology , represented in construction materials and
   construction machinery , and labor education are main keys of true
   sustainable development . several policies are examined to study system
   behavior and revealed that it is not enough to capture the technology in
   order to achieve development , and suitable education and training courses
   should be provided to deliver labor force that can use and improve such
   technologies . the proposed methodology aids construction in egypt which is
   considered a strong indicator of the country ' s economic strength . the
   construction industry forms a significant portion of the egyptian gdp and
   employs millions of labor force and consumes most of the country ' s energy
   and its primary resources . to remain vital , the construction industry is
   demanding better , safer , energy_efficient and more affordable construction
   materials and technology . 2021 the authors
DE construction technology; emissions; labor education; system dynamics

---

UT 274
AR Umar I, 2023, J DEGRADED MIN LANDS MANAG, V11, P4875, DOI
   10.15243/jdmlm.2023.111.4875
TI Spatial models of rice fields change and sustainable agriculture in Solok
   District, West Sumatra Province
AU Umar I; Arif DA
TC 5
SO J DEGRADED MIN LANDS MANAG
PY 2023
AB indonesia is an agricultural country and one of the world ' s rice_producing
   countries . however , the increase in population has pushed for the
   conversion of agricultural land to non_agricultural purposes . solok is a
   district with the largest paddy field area in west sumatra . yet , the
   increase in population has resulted in a decrease in paddy fields every year
   . this study aimed to determine the model for changing the area of paddy
   fields for the 2000_2020 period and determine the direction of sustainable
   agricultural policies . in defining the paddy field change model , this
   research uses the input data from the interpretation of 2000 landsat 5
   imagery , 2010 landsat 7 imagery , and 2020 landsat oli 8 imagery . the data
   were analyzed using a geographic information system ( gis ) . this research
   employed the powersim software with a system dynamics approach in projecting
   rice production and demand . this research used interpretative structural
   modeling ( ism ) analysis to determine the direction of sustainable food
   policy . the results showed that there had been a conversion of 13,801.6
   hectares of paddy agricultural land into a built_up area in the 2000_2020
   period in solok district . in 2020 , solok district supplied 2,838 thousand
   tons of rice , while the demand for rice was 446.3 thousand tons . in the
   direction of the sustainable agriculture policy , there are three key
   sub_elements . tightening land use permits , establishing and implementing
   spatial planning regulations , and consistency in enforcing spatial planning
   violation laws . 2023 authors . all rights reserved .
DE agriculture; food carrying capacity; ism; land conversion; policy

---

UT 275
AR Egieya JM, 2024, SCI ENV, V934, DOI 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2024.173289
TI Predictive simulation of the water-energy-food nexus for the City of Cape
   Town
AU Egieya JM; Parker Y; Hofmann VS; Daher B; Gorgens J; Goosen NJ
TC 8
SO SCI ENV
PY 2024
AB the city of cape town ( coct ) , south africa faced a critical situation
   between 2015 and 2018 in which the municipal water supply was almost
   completely exhausted . this situation , commonly referred to as day zero in
   south africa emanated from a decline in rainfall , resulting in one of the
   most severe droughts in history . the crisis was also aggravated by rapid
   population growth and urbanization . coct was on the verge of becoming the
   first city in the past decade to experience a complete cessation of water
   supply for urban and agricultural purposes . in addition to the effects of
   low rainfall and population surge , urban energy consumption and increased
   food demand impacted directly the available water resources . to evaluate
   the interlinkages between water utilization , water production , energy
   supply and demand , and food production and demand , this study employed a
   system dynamics modeling ( sdm ) approach . the model was developed as a
   stock and flow diagram utilizing stella architect and encompassed five
   interconnected nodes : water , energy , food , land , and population . the
   findings revealed that by the end of the 20_year modeling period , the
   volume of accessible and stored water in all the major dams will be
   approximately 459 million cubic meters , with residential use accounting for
   about 85 % of urban water use and agriculture accounting for
   approximately30.37 % of total water demand . the model illustrates the
   impacts of precipitation rate , runoff , and evaporation on variables such
   as land_use change and population dynamics . it is anticipated that the
   outcomes of this study will serve as valuable inputs for decision_making
   processes , not only within the coct as it aims to mitigate or prevent the
   recurrence of day zero , but also for other cities facing similar challenges
   . 2024 elsevier b . v .
DE climate change; simulation; system dynamics modeling; water planning; wef
   nexus
ID agriculture; cities; food supply; models theoretical; south africa;
   urbanization; water supply; cape town; south africa; western cape;
   agriculture; decision making; economics; energy utilization; land use;
   population statistics; rain; system theory; water resources; water supply;
   fertilizer; rain; cape town; food demand; municipal water supplies;
   predictive simulations; simulation; south africa; system dynamics modeling;
   water-energy; water planning; wef nexus; computer simulation; decision
   making; drought; energy-resource; food production; population growth;
   prediction; urbanization; water planning; water resource; water supply;
   agricultural worker; aquatic environment; article; climate change;
   electricity; food availability; food industry; greenhouse effect; greenhouse
   gas; human; hydropower; microbial community; municipal solid waste;
   photosynthesis; population growth; predictive model; productivity; seasonal
   variation; sensitivity analysis; soil analysis; tight junction; underweight;
   waste water recycling; wastewater; water availability; agriculture; catering
   service; city; procedures; south africa; theoretical model; urbanization;
   water supply; climate change

---

UT 276
AR Mo H, 2022, MATH PROBL ENG, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/5506338
TI Partner Matching Mechanism of Hainan Cold Chain Logistics Based on
   Multiobjective Optimization
AU Mo H; Deng C/1; Chen Y/2; Huang Y/1
TC 6
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2022
AB with the sustained and rapid development of the economy , the food
   consumption structure has changed correspondingly and the market of cold and
   fresh products has developed rapidly , which puts forward the matching of
   cold chain logistics . under the background of the construction of the belt
   and road and the pilot_free trade zone , the organic integration of the
   fresh agricultural products market and industry in hainan is facing
   opportunities and challenges . in particular , in_depth research on the
   design and planning of the entire logistics system has not been carried out
   and the research on the distribution vehicle routing problem is still in the
   initial stage . this paper combs the relevant policies of cold chain
   logistics development in hainan province . given the imperfect system , the
   lack of policy guarantee measures , and the lack of regionality of the
   policy objective system , this paper puts forward some suggestions for
   improvement . the effective inventory control model of hainan fresh
   agricultural products under cold chain logistics is explored by using the
   inventory management theory and the related theory of system dynamics . the
   simulation is carried out by using vensim software , which provides a
   reference for improving the status of cold chain logistics of fresh
   agricultural products in hainan . by saving funds , the profits of cold and
   fresh products are increased and the market competitiveness is improved .
   2022 haipeng mo et al .
ID agricultural products; computer software; food supply; international trade;
   multiobjective optimization; supply chain management; supply chains; vehicle
   routing; cold chain logistics; consumption structure; food consumption; free
   trade zones; fresh agricultural products; matching mechanisms; matchings;
   multi-objectives optimization; organics; pilot-free; inventory control

---

UT 277
AR Mwasubila IJ, 2022, INT J IND SYST ENG, V40, P1, DOI
   10.1504/IJISE.2022.120804
TI An analytical study on establishing strategies for improving the
   productivity of the spinning industries
AU Mwasubila IJ; Taifa IWR; Kundi BAT
TC 12
SO INT J IND SYST ENG
PY 2022
AB strategies for improving the productivity of the spinning industries are
   much needed . in this paper , a case of a spinning industry was
   systematically studied . the strategies for enhancing productivity were
   established through a mixed approach . the studied industry experienced low
   productivity as they were only achieving 55 % _68 % of their production plan
   . also , their actual operational machine availability was 67 % . the
   proposed strategies include improving the spooling and the drawing process
   by installing new machinery technology . improve raw materials and
   components flow . hiring well_trained workers . develop employee training
   programs . search for new market segments . establish effective information
   and communications technology section , and develop an implementable
   maintenance plan . the study also revealed that system dynamics modeling
   helps to arrange descriptive information analytically . thus , vensim
   software was applied to illustrate the differences between productivity ,
   specifically before and after implementing the established strategies . the
   study considered only a single industry and 'single_factor productivity
   measures ' . copyright 2022 inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE competitive strategy; multifactor productivity measures; productivity
   improvement; productivity index; single-factor productivity; spinning-mill;
   strategies; system dynamics; vensim software
ID personnel training; planning; production control; search engines; system
   theory; competitive strategy; multifactor productivity; multifactor
   productivity measure; productivity improvements; productivity index;
   productivity measure; single-factor productivity; spinning-mill; strategy;
   vensim softwares; productivity

---

UT 278
AR Xing R, 2021, HYDROL RES, V52, P1261, DOI 10.2166/NH.2021.055
TI Simulation of the ice thickness of the Heilongjiang River and application of
   SD models to a river ice model
AU Xing R; Ju Q; Simonovic SP; Hao Z; Yuan F/1; Gu H
TC 3
SO HYDROL RES
PY 2021
AB the heilongjiang river is a transboundary river between china and russia ,
   which often experiences ice dams that can trigger spring floods and
   significant damages in the region . owing to insufficient data , no river
   ice model is applicable for the heilongjiang river . therefore , a river ice
   thickness model based on continuous meteorological data and river ice data
   at the mohe station located in the upper reach of the heilongjiang river was
   proposed . specifically , the proposed model was based on physical river ice
   processes and the russian empirical theory . system dynamic models were
   applied to assess the proposed model . the performance of the river ice
   model was evaluated using root_mean_square error ( rmse ) , coefficient of
   determination ( r2 ) , and nash_sutcliffe efficiency ( nse ) . subsequently
   , sensitivity analyzes of the model parameters through latin hypercube
   sampling and uncertainty analyzes of input variables were conducted .
   results show that the formation of ice starts 10 days after the air
   temperature reaches below 0 c . the maximum ice thickness occurs 10 days
   after the atmospheric temperature reaches the minimum . ice starts to melt
   after the highest temperature is greater than 0 c . the r2 of ice thickness
   in the middle of river ( itmr ) and ice thickness at the riverside ( itrs )
   are 0.67 and 0.69 , respectively . the rmses of itmr and itrs are 6.50 and
   6.84 , respectively . and the nses of itmr and itrs are 0.72 and 0.70 ,
   respectively . sensitivity analyzes show that ice growth and ice melt are
   sensitive to the air temperature characterizing the thermal state .
   uncertainty analyzes show temperature has the greatest effect on river ice .
   2021 the authors
DE heilongjiang river; river ice; system dynamic ( sd ) model; vensim
ID china; heilongjiang; mohe basin; russian federation; ice; mean square error;
   meteorology; rivers; sensitivity analysis; uncertainty analysis; air
   temperature; heilongjiang rivers; ice dams; ice model; ice thickness; river
   ice; sensitivity analyzes; system dynamics modeling; transboundary rivers;
   vensim; air temperature; flood damage; hydrological modeling; ice thickness;
   river ice; simulation; atmospheric temperature

---

UT 279
AR Li P, 2025, PROC INT CONF APPL MATH MODEL INTELL COMPUT CAMMIC, P112, DOI
   10.1145/3745533.3745552
TI Carbon Emission Scenario Prediction for Urban Transportation Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Li P; Jiang Z; Peng W
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF APPL MATH MODEL INTELL COMPUT CAMMIC
PY 2025
AB to achieve the dual_carbon goal , low_carbon transformation of urban
   transportation systems is imperative . it is of far_reaching significance to
   study in_depth the internal mechanism of carbon emissions from urban
   transport , optimize the urban transport structure and reduce carbon
   emissions from travel . urban transportation system is a complex ,
   multi_level dynamic system with obvious system engineering dynamics .
   therefore , the realization of the vision of ' ' peak carbon ' ' in 2030
   requires not only the exploration of carbon reduction pathways oriented by
   roadmap , but also the design of carbon reduction nodes with timetable as
   the driving order . this paper employs system dynamics modeling via vensim
   software to analyze the intrinsic mechanisms of urban transportation carbon
   emissions and designs a baseline scenario and scenario simulations under
   different policies to estimate the evolution of carbon emissions from urban
   transportation in shanghai in the perspective year , so as to propose
   actionable pathways . the results show that interventions are needed for
   shanghai to reach its 2030 carbon peak target . increasing the share of new
   energy passenger vehicles , encouraging the development of hybrid passenger
   vehicles , and optimizing the structure of traffic and travel can all play a
   positive role . 2025 copyright held by the owner / author ( s ) .
DE carbon emissions; new energy vehicles; system dynamics; urban transportation
ID carbon; carbon emissions; computer software; dynamics; hybrid vehicles; mass
   transportation; sustainable development; system theory; traffic control;
   zero-carbon; carbon emissions; carbon reduction; emission scenario; low
   carbon transformations; new energy vehicles; passengers vehicles; scenario
   predictions; system dynamics; urban transport; urban transportation systems;
   urban transportation

---

UT 280
AR Reza JRD, 2025, SUSTAIN FUTUR, V9, DOI 10.1016/j.sftr.2025.100551
TI Achieving strategic goals by continuous improvement and lean manufacturing
   implementation: A structural equation model -system dynamics approach
AU Reza JRD; García Alcaraz JL; Ramírez CS; López JAG; Vargas AR; Rodríguez
   Álvarez JL
TC 7
SO SUSTAIN FUTUR
PY 2025
AB companies implement lean manufacturing tools ( lmt ) jointly to align with
   their strategic goals , and mexican maquiladoras are no exception . however
   , little is known about the relationship between them or when these goals
   are achieved . in this paper , we present a structural equation model ( sem
   ) that integrates five lmt , where kaizen ( kai ) as a continuous
   improvement program is the independent variable and hoshin kanri ( hok ) as
   an alignment to objectives and as a dependent variable , with kanban ( kan )
   , total quality management ( tqm ) , and poka yoke ( poy ) as mediating
   tools , which are related by six hypotheses . the model was validated with
   information from 411 responses to a questionnaire applied to the mexican
   maquiladora industry using the partial least squares approach in the warppls
   v .8 software . then , with the direct effects from the sem , equations of
   the relationships between the variables are constructed and simulated using
   the system dynamics technique with stella architect v .3.0.1 to determine
   when lmts reach adequate levels of implementation . the findings indicate
   that kan , tqm , and poy reached implementation levels in approximately
   eight years , but kai and hok took up to 13 years , which may be due to
   constant changes in improvement approaches and strategic goals in response
   to the dynamism of globalized production systems . 2025 the author ( s )
DE lean manufacturing; strategic goals kaizen hoshin kanri tqm

---

UT 281
AR Shen Y/1, 2025, J MOD, V45, P5, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1008-0821.2025.01.001
TI Research on Population Policy Evaluation and Forecasting Based on System
   Dynamics Simulation Modelling-Taking Fertility Policy as an Example;
   [基于系统动力学的政策成效与预见仿真方法探析 ———以人口生育政策为例]
AU Shen Y/1; Li Y; Liu J/3; Liu J/7; Song N; Pei L; Zhang J/2
TC 0
SO J MOD
PY 2025
AB [ purpose / significance ] simulation based on system dynamics can
   comprehensively capture the dynamics of complex social systems under the
   influence of policies , accurately simulate the cumulative impact of policy
   interventions over time , and evaluate the implementation effect of policies
   , which plays an extremely important role in promoting the sci_entific and
   efficient formulation and use of policy tools and improving the
   effectiveness of policies . [ method / process ] tak_ing the implementation
   of fertility policy as an example , based on key influencing factors such as
   fertility rate and environ_mental influencing parameters such as education
   and economy , this paper constructed a simulation system based on system
   dynamics through vensim ple . the model dynamically demonstrated the
   interactions between the population_policy_e_conomy subsystems and designed
   and implemented three differentiated policy intervention scenarios , and
   conducted in_depth simulations to predict the paths of demographic change
   and the evolutionary trends under different policy orientations . [ result /
   conclusion it is found that the liberalization of fertility policies had
   effective in mitigating the aging trend while promoting population growth .
   however , the impact of the policy is waning and structural changes and
   adjustments are you are_gently needed . 2025 editorial board of journal of
   modern information . all rights reserved .
DE fertility policy; policy effectiveness; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 282
AR Shamsuddoha M, 2024, SN OPER RES FORUM, V5, DOI 10.1007/s43069-023-00290-9
TI Eco-efficient Dairy Waste Treatment: Validating a Sustainable System
   Dynamics Framework
AU Shamsuddoha M; Koul S; Taylor IW
TC 8
SO SN OPER RES FORUM
PY 2024
AB dairy wastes in third_world countries are not adequately utilized to
   generate valuable by_products and trade them commercially for financial and
   environmental benefits . this paper focuses on such wastes and considers
   waste processing operations using the system dynamics ( sd ) simulation
   approach . primary data used to build the sd model was collected from the
   farm records , a questionnaire , and a follow_up interview with management
   members . this model illustrates advancements in the dairy sector and equips
   a system dynamics framework with the necessary degree of validation to
   address the intricate challenge of waste management in dairy operations .
   the study deployed system dynamics methodology and replicated the real_life
   dairy farm processes in the vensim simulation platform using 3 years of data
   . five specific scenarios were experimented with to justify waste management
   processes ( current operation , different allocations to bio_fertilizer ,
   biogas , and raw dung ) , resulting in increased revenue and reduced
   landfill requirements . the ability to process waste was found to be limited
   by seasonality constraints . a comparison of scenarios enabled us to
   demonstrate that for a mid_sized dairy farm , the valuable by_products as a
   mix of bio_fertilizer and biogas lead to improved economic gains while
   protecting the environment . thus , this work fills a crucial substantive
   and methodological gap in this research area . this study can assist
   academicians , policymakers , entrepreneurs , and responsible managers
   understand a solid dairy waste management system for emerging economies .
   the model also ignores variations in cattle types , such as milch cow ,
   heifer ( breedable ) , calves , and bull . 2024 , the author ( s ) , under
   exclusive license to springer nature switzerland ag .
DE bangladesh; dairy wastes; modeling; scenario analyzes; system dynamics

---

UT 283
AR Zhang G-S, 2021, J ADV TRANSP, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/2474784
TI System Dynamics Modelling for Dynamic Emergency Response to Accidents
   Involving Transport of Dangerous Goods by Road
AU Zhang G-S; Shen X-Y; Hua J; Zhao J-W; Liu H-X
TC 8
SO J ADV TRANSP
PY 2021
AB for improving the emergency capacities during road transportation accidents
   of dangerous goods , this paper divides the accident emergency procedure
   into four subsystems : accident information processing , personnel rescue
   and evacuation , vehicle evacuation , and rescue materials delivery . on
   this basis , the causal mechanism and the loop diagrams of the emergency
   process are established by using the system dynamics method and vensim
   software . first , six factors including transportation distance , the
   degree of mechanical modernization , delay time of personnel control , delay
   time of traffic information release , command level coefficient , and delay
   time of department arrival are selected as parameters to test the model ' s
   sensitivity analysis . then , the influences of the abovementioned factors
   on the observed value , such as the demand gap of on_site materials , number
   of people in safe area , number of vehicles in safe area , amount of
   disposal information , and the dynamic evolution behavior of the system ,
   are analyzed . the results show that the transportation distance is
   shortened by half , and the time to fill the demand gap is reduced by 39 % .
   the level of mechanical modernization is doubled , the peak inventory of
   materials in transit will increase by 9.2 % , and the time to reach the peak
   will be shortened by 6.8 % . if the delay time of personnel control is
   shortened by 480 s , the number of people to be evacuated in accident area
   will be reduced by 56. the delay time of traffic information release is
   shortened by 480 s , the number of vehicles to be evacuated is reduced by 74
   , and the time when the vehicle stops entering accident area is 1646 s in
   advance . the command level coefficient increases by 9.5 % , and the speed
   of action execution increases by 9.6 % . 2021 guo_sheng zhang et al .
ID accidents; dynamics; materials handling; personnel; sensitivity analysis;
   system theory; vehicles; delay time; emergency response; mechanical; number
   of peoples; number of vehicles; safe areas; system dynamics modeling;
   traffic information; transport of dangerous goods; transportation distance;
   roads and streets

---

UT 284
AR Wang Y/8, 2021, WUHAN LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO (JIAOTONG KEXUE YU GONGCHENG BAN),
   V45, P429, DOI 10.3963/j.issn.2095-3844.2021.03.007
TI Judgment of Feedback Relationship of SD Model Based on LV; [基于LV的SD模型反馈关系判定]
AU Wang Y/8; Xu T; Pang T
TC 0
SO WUHAN LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO (JIAOTONG KEXUE YU GONGCHENG BAN)
PY 2021
AB system dynamics ( sd ) model is suitable for static feedback systems with
   clear feedback relationship , but for dynamic feedback systems with fuzzy
   feedback relationship , sd model has a large error in prediction . in view
   of the monotony of feedback loop mechanism in sd model , lotka_volterra ( lv
   ) theory in ecology was introduced , and the historical data relations in
   the system were judged and processed by lv model , and the nodes with
   slightly changed system relations were quantified . according to lv theory ,
   the feedback nodes in sd model were judged for time evolution , and a
   dynamic time_varying lv_sd model was established . vensim was used to
   simulate the influence of the change of the relationship between the three
   modes of transportation on gdp in chongqing comprehensive transportation
   system , and the sd transportation system based on three_dimensional lv
   judgment was established . the simulation results show that the prediction
   accuracy of lv_sd model is improved by nearly 28 % compared with sd model .
   the research shows that lv theory can quantify the feedback link
   relationship in sd model and improve the prediction accuracy . 2021 ,
   editorial department of journal of wuhan university of technology . all
   right reserved .
DE comprehensive transportation; dynamic time-varying; feedback loop; lotka-
   volterra model; system dynamics model

---

UT 285
AR Zhai W, 2024, KSCE J CIV ENG, V28, P6001, DOI 10.1007/s12205-024-2673-0
TI A Network Governance Model for Enhancing Socially Responsible Collective
   Action in Mega Water Transfer Projects
AU Zhai W; Ling FYY; Ding J; Wang Z
TC 0
SO KSCE J CIV ENG
PY 2024
AB megaprojects need to be developed in a socially responsible manner as they
   may otherwise , like some mega water transfer ( mwt ) projects , because
   ecological damage , environmental pollution , labor conflict , and other
   problems . socially responsible collective action ( srca ) can be measured
   through intentions to take collective action ( internal driving mechanisms )
   and behaviors to engage in collective action ( external driving mechanisms )
   . this research aims to develop and validate a network governance model to
   explore how srca , in the context of mwt projects , is enhanced . data were
   collected from 365 respondents involved in mwt projects via an online survey
   . system dynamics ( sd ) was used to establish the system flow diagram model
   . thereafter , vensim ple software was used to perform simulation and
   sensitivity analyzes of the model . the results demonstrate that the network
   governance model explains how to enhance the srca of stakeholders in mwt
   projects . the main findings indicate that external driving mechanisms
   positively impact the srca during the entire project lifecycle , with values
   fluctuating around the initial level from the early to the mid_late stages ,
   with small fluctuation . internal driving mechanisms also positively impact
   srca , with values continuously increasing from the early to the mid_late
   stage . korean society of civil engineers 2024 .
DE external driving mechanisms; internal driving mechanisms; mega water
   transfer ( mwt ) projects; network governance theory; socially responsible
   collective action ( srca )
ID economic and social effects; system theory; collective action; driving
   mechanism; external driving; external driving mechanism; internal driving
   mechanism; mega water transfer  project; network governance theory; network
   governances; socially responsible collective action; water transfer
   projects; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 286
AR Raj A, 2023, UPSTREAM OIL GAS TECHNOL, V11, DOI 10.1016/j.upstre.2023.100090
TI System Dynamics Approach to Evaluate the Oil and Gas Supply Chain: A Case
   Study
AU Raj A; Mali BS; Kumar B; Singh CS; Nainawat GK
TC 6
SO UPSTREAM OIL GAS TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB the worldwide economic shock caused by the covid_19 outbreak has widespread
   and dramatic effects on the energy sector [ 1 ] . the world health
   organization ( who ) declared the covid_19 outbreak as a pandemic by early
   march 2020 , which resulted in the imposition of partial to complete
   lockdown in almost all countries and territories worldwide . this
   unprecedented shock has led oil and gas markets through a strong supply and
   trade adjustment , resulting in historically low spot prices and a drastic
   fall in demand [ 1 ] . since the oil and gas supply chain is very dynamic in
   nature , the disturbances in maintenance operations and routine work in the
   oil and gas industry may result in heavy disruptions in the oil and gas
   industry by affecting the various areas like workforce , production , and
   storage in the supply chain [ 1,2 ] . this study is oriented toward the
   comprehensive study of the upstream oil and gas supply chain , and briefly
   discusses the complete oil gas supply chain . we have investigated the
   disruption in the supply chain based on the comparative study of the
   pre_pandemic and post_pandemic situations . the most affected areas of the
   supply chain due to the disruptions are termed as ' hotspots ' and these
   disruptions are imitated by developing a model in stella software ,
   implementing the system dynamics approach . further , the model has worked
   for one fiscal year by providing data input of oil / gas prices , current
   and forecasted demand and impact of covid _19 is analyzed . 2023
DE covid-19 pandemic; oil and gas industry; resilience; supply chain; system
   dynamics

---

UT 287
AR Chunga BA, 2023, PHYS CHEM EARTH, V129, DOI 10.1016/j.pce.2022.103355
TI Water allocation using system dynamic modelling in the aquaculture
   integrated with small-scale irrigation systems in Malawi
AU Chunga BA; Marx W; Cai X/1; de Clercq W; Watson A; Malota M
TC 6
SO PHYS CHEM EARTH
PY 2023
AB the agricultural sector is faced with numerous challenges including climate
   change and water scarcity in many developing countries . in order to address
   scarcity and improve water use efficiency for rural farmers , fish farming
   is being integrated with small_scale irrigation . however , there are
   challenges in how to allocate water between the two farming enterprises .
   this study explored the capabilities of system dynamics to allocate water
   between a fish pond and a crop field in chingale , malawi using a system
   dynamic software , vensimtm ple . for soil water and pond water , a simple
   water balance structure was built and connected to the crop growth structure
   . simulations run for 125 days corresponding to the maize growth period .
   model results are similar to the actual yield ( about 3.5 ton / ha for
   hybrid ) and biomass production ( about 7 ton / ha ) in the area . results
   also show it was possible to maintain pond water depth at recommended depths
   for raising fish : fish stocking ( 1 m ) , operation of the pond ( 1.52.0 m
   ) and harvesting of the fish ( less than 1.2 m ) throughout the maize
   growing period . while the study did not comprehensively build and simulate
   fish growth , the use of such simple tools would benefit rural farmers with
   few resources . based on the promising capabilities and the results of the
   tool it is recommended that further comprehensive analysis to fully
   incorporate all key sub_components affecting crop and fish growth be carried
   out . 2022 elsevier ltd
DE chingale; decision support tool; small-scale irrigation; system dynamics;
   vensim model
ID malawi; climate change; crops; decision support systems; developing
   countries; farms; fish; lakes; rural areas; soil moisture; system theory;
   water supply; chingale; decision support tool; decision supports; pond
   water; simple++; small-scale; small-scale irrigation; support tool; system
   dynamics; vensim model; aquaculture; decision support system; developing
   world; fish; irrigation system; maize; modeling; pond culture; resource
   allocation; water resource; water use efficiency; irrigation

---

UT 288
AR Wang Y/3, 2025, PLOS, V20, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0331703
TI A System dynamics analysis of the factors influencing the promotion of
   prefabricated decoration, based on a co-occurrence network
AU Wang Y/3; Liu J/5; Zhang G; Geng X; Liu Y/6
TC 0
SO PLOS
PY 2025
AB prefabricated decoration effectively addresses resource waste ,
   environmental pollution , and quality issues associated with traditional
   decoration methods . it also enhances the functionality of prefabricated
   buildings and offers promising market potential . currently , insufficient
   attention from both the public and managers hinders prefabricated decoration
   development . to address this , this study analyzed 68 relevant documents
   from the china national knowledge infrastructure and web of science
   databases , identified 34 factors affecting the promotion of prefabricated
   decoration , and constructed a co_occurrence network model based on an
   adjacency matrix . the centrality index was used to identify four key
   factors related to the three core stakeholders : government support ,
   technical level , developers ' willingness to use , and consumers '
   willingness to use . subsequently , the four key factors were simulated
   using vensim software . the evolutionary trends of the system and the
   interactions between these factors were analyzed . the findings reveal that
   both developers and consumers show strong sensitivity to financial subsidies
   . as a result , the government can effectively increase subsidies to
   encourage adoption of prefabricated decoration . additionally , enhancing
   the use of bim technology throughout the project life cycle has been shown
   to promote synergy within the industrial chain , thereby improving promotion
   efficiency . consumer feedback is essential for ensuring policy accuracy and
   plays a crucial role in advancing the industry ' s development . the novel
   contributions of this paper include the integration of co_occurrence network
   analysis with a system dynamics model , identifying key factors through the
   co_occurrence network , and uncovering the complex interactions between
   these factors via the system dynamics model . based on the simulation
   results , this study predicts the development prospects of prefabricated
   decoration , offering both a theoretical foundation and practical guidance
   for policy formulation and promotion strategies . 2025 wang et al . this is
   an open access article distributed under the terms of the creative commons
   attribution license , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and
   reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are
   credited .
ID china; construction industry; construction materials; humans; systems
   analysis; adult; article; centrality index; china; consumer; controlled
   study; dynamics; feedback system; government; human; infrastructure; life
   cycle; network analysis; open access publishing; simulation; software; web
   of science; building industry; building material; procedures; system
   analysis

---

UT 289
AR Sun Y/2, 2022, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12253, DOI 10.1117/12.2639560
TI Prediction and Analysis of Carbon Emissions from Construction Industry in
   Liaoning Province Based on System Dynamics
AU Sun Y/2; Wei W; Li L
TC 1
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2022
AB to respond to national policy requirements , reduce carbon emissions in the
   construction industry , and achieve the goal of ' ' carbon peaking and
   carbon neutrality ' ' as soon as possible . in this paper , a system
   dynamics model is proposed to predict and analyze carbon emissions in the
   construction industry in liaoning province . first , the influencing factors
   of carbon emissions in the construction industry in liaoning province are
   sorted out by searching relevant literature . secondly , combined with the
   relevant data of the construction industry in liaoning province from 2009 to
   2019 and the ' ' 14th five_year plan ' ' policy , set different simulation
   scenarios and use vensim software to reasonably predict the carbon emissions
   of the construction industry from 2020 to 2030 , and find out the impact of
   carbon emissions . the internal logical relationship of the main factors
   provides a theoretical basis and emission reduction path for reducing the
   energy consumption of the construction industry , reducing the total carbon
   emissions , and realizing the green and sustainable development of buildings
   . 2022 spie .
DE carbon emissions; construction industry in liaoning province; predictive
   analysis; system dynamics
ID carbon; computer software; emission control; energy utilization;
   forecasting; system theory; carbon emissions; carbon neutralities;
   construction industry in liaoning province; five-year plans; liaoning
   province; national-policy; prediction and analysis; system dynamics; system
   dynamics modeling; vensim softwares; construction industry

---

UT 290
AR Ma L, 2020, J CLEAN PROD, V268, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2020.122206
TI Ecodesign method of intelligent boom sprayer based on Preferable Brownfield
   Process
AU Ma L; Xu Y/1; Zheng J/1; Dai X
TC 12
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2020
AB an intelligent boom sprayer ( ibs ) can realize efficient , precise and
   variable pesticides spraying operations on diverse crops and terrains by
   reconfiguring its hardware / software modules . therefore , an ecological
   and reconfigurable design development strategy for ibs to get design goals ,
   such as detachability , recyclability , maintainability , and reusability ,
   will play a key role in ensuring the functions , service life and quality
   requirements of the product . after analyzing connotation and features of
   ibs , the brownfield process ( bfp ) was optimized to construct a preferable
   brownfield process ( p_bfp ) which could achieve ibs ecodesign goals through
   analyzing the applicability and interference of ibs design and using
   axiomatic design ( ad ) as a main optimization theory role . the content
   identification and communication mechanism of the p_bfp were studied . the
   importance of existing resource reuse and standardization in the product
   design process for ecodesign was also highlighted . dynamic models of bfp
   and p_bfp were built by using system dynamics ( sd ) for providing a method
   to optimize the p_bfp design process . the simulation results showed that
   the p_bfp is more suitable for ibs design than the bfp from the time
   dimension by applying vensim ple and can improve the operating efficiency by
   40 % and reduce the training time by 50 % while scientifically guiding the
   development of ibs . finally , the feasibility of p_bfp was illustrated
   through comparing boom structure development result . the research results
   provide valuable scientific guidance for the ecodesign of reconfigurable
   modular products like ibs . 2020 elsevier ltd
DE boom structure development; intelligent boom sprayer; preferable brownfield
   process; system dynamics model analysis
ID ecodesign; reusability; site selection; communication mechanisms; content
   identifications; operating efficiency; optimization theory; product design
   process; quality requirements; reconfigurable designs; structure
   development; product design

---

UT 291
AR Akbarzadeh Khorshidi H, 2025, DISCOV ONCOL, V16, DOI
   10.1007/s12672-025-03705-7
TI Implementation of whole genome sequencing in cancer management: modelling
   and sensitivity analysis using system dynamics
AU Akbarzadeh Khorshidi H; Soltanolkottabi M; IJzerman MJ
TC 0
SO DISCOV ONCOL
PY 2025
AB precision oncology using biomarkers and genomic testing facilitates
   individualized diagnosis and consequently treatment for cancer patients .
   standard of care is conducted through assays of biomarkers for treatment
   selection . however , whole genome sequencing ( wgs ) provides excessively
   more information about actionable mutations and complex interventions .
   despite its potentials in cancer management , wgs is restricted by its high
   cost and limited capacity . implementing wgs is complex because it
   influences several elements of the care delivery and deals with the dynamic
   changes in supply , demand , technology , and cost . in this study , we use
   a system dynamics ( sd ) model to evaluate wgs implementation . we also use
   the developed sd model to conduct sensitivity analysis to derive insights
   for decision_making on genomic testing scenarios . various scenarios have
   been compared by the number of diagnosed patients and total cost . these
   scenarios have been created through alterations in wgs referral system ,
   capacity , price , and willingness rate as well as testing time across
   different hospitals . the results showed that referring more patients for
   wgs will increase the number of diagnosed patients ( by 30 % ) , however it
   will impose more cost on the system ( by 20 % ) due to higher cost of wgs .
   therefore , investment strategies toward reducing cost of wgs as well as
   reimbursement policies can be beneficial to make wgs more economic and
   accessible . this study shows how the developed sd model can contribute to
   providing insights for policy makers in finding the optimal way for
   implementing wgs . the author ( s ) 2025 .
DE health policy; precision oncology; sensitivity analysis; system dynamics;
   whole genome sequencing
ID biological marker; article; biomedical technology assessment; decision
   making; health care system; human; non small cell lung cancer;
   reimbursement; sensitivity analysis; teaching hospital; university hospital;
   whole genome sequencing

---

UT 292
AR Zhu W/3, 2024, HELIYON, V10, DOI 10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e33959
TI Research on the evolution mechanism of intelligent manufacturing
   transformation of Chinese pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises based on
   system dynamics
AU Zhu W/3; Ouyang P; Kong M
TC 6
SO HELIYON
PY 2024
AB under the impetus of the new industrial revolution , how to realize
   intelligent manufacturing transformation of traditional pharmaceutical
   manufacturing enterprises has realistic urgency . the study starts from the
   perspective of complex adaptive system , constructs a system dynamics model
   of the evolution mechanism of intelligent manufacturing transformation of
   pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises based on technological adaptation
   and evolutionary adaptation , and analyzes it by simulation using vensim ple
   software . the results of the study show that pharmaceutical manufacturing
   enterprises utilize technological affordances to provide support to realize
   network product_based manufacturing capability and smart product_based
   manufacturing capability through technological innovation capability and
   institutional optimization capability . the technological affordances
   environment promotes the realization of intelligent manufacturing
   transformation of pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises to present a
   stage transformation law . the study enriches and extends the research
   paradigm of intelligent manufacturing transformation , and provides a
   reference for pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises to realize
   intelligent manufacturing transformation . 2024 the authors
DE intelligent manufacturing transformation; pharmaceutical manufacturing
   enterprises; system dynamics; technology affordances

---

UT 293
AR Hajbabaie M, 2023, ENV MONIT ASSESS, V195, DOI 10.1007/s10661-023-11054-7
TI Model of ecological resilience in Hyrcanian forests that combines the
   decision-making trial and evaluation method (DEMATEL) and system dynamics
AU Hajbabaie M; Jozi SA; Farsad F; Kiadaliri H; Gharagozlou A
TC 7
SO ENV MONIT ASSESS
PY 2023
AB the present study assessed the resilience model of hyrcanian forests with
   navroud_asalem watershed as a case study . the navroud_assalem watershed was
   selected for study because of its special environmental characteristics and
   access to relatively acceptable information . in order to model resilience ,
   the appropriate indices influencing resilience in hyrcanian forests were
   identified and selected . the criteria of biological diversity and forest
   health and vitality were selected along with the indices of species
   diversity , forest_type diversity , mixed stands , and the infected area
   percentage forests with disturbance factors . thirteen sub_indices and 33
   variables were determined and the relationship between the indices and
   criteria was identified by developing a questionnaire using the
   decision_making trial and evaluation laboratory ( dematel ) method . the
   weights of each index were estimated in vensim software using the fuzzy
   analytic hierarchy process . collecting and analyzing the regional
   information , the conceptual model was developed and formulated
   quantitatively and mathematically and was entered into vensim for resilience
   modeling of the selected parcels . the dematel method indicated that the
   species diversity indices and the percentage of affected forests had the
   greatest influence and interaction with other factors in the system . the
   parcels studied had different slopes and were affected by the input
   variables . they were considered as resilient if they were found to maintain
   current conditions . avoidance of exploitation , infestation by pests ,
   severe fires in the region , and increased livestock grazing compared to the
   existing situation were among the prerequisites for resilience in the region
   . vensim modeling represents that in control parcel no . 232 the
   nondimensional resilience parameter is 3025 ( the most resilient parcel ) ,
   while in the disturbed parcel no . 278 this amount is 1775 ( the least
   resilient parcel ) . 2023 , the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to
   springer nature switzerland ag .
DE dynamic system; f-ahp; iran; modeling; resilience; vensim
ID animals; biodiversity; environmental monitoring; fires; forests; livestock;
   iran; biodiversity; forestry; watersheds; decisions makings; evaluation
   methods; f-ahp; hyrcanian forests; iran; modeling; resilience; resilience
   model; system dynamics; vensim; analytical hierarchy process; computer
   simulation; decision making; disturbance; ecological approach; ecological
   modeling; ecosystem resilience; forest cover; mixed forest; montane forest;
   numerical model; software; species diversity; stand structure; watershed;
   article; conceptual model; ecosystem resilience; environmental decision
   making; environmental exploitation; environmental factor; fire; forest;
   forest dynamics; fuzzy system; grazing; infestation; information processing;
   iran; mathematical model; species diversity; watershed; animal;
   biodiversity; environmental monitoring; fire; forest; livestock; decision
   making

---

UT 294
AR Ismaeel WA, 2022, GEOTECH ENG SUSTAIN CONSTR - SUSTAIN GEOTECH ENG, P681,
   DOI 10.1007/978-981-16-6277-5_54
TI Modeling of Variation Orders in Cost and Time Using System Dynamics in Iraqi
   Construction Projects
AU Ismaeel WA; Naji HI; Zehawi RN
TC 0
SO GEOTECH ENG SUSTAIN CONSTR - SUSTAIN GEOTECH ENG
PY 2022
AB the construction industry owner quite often issues variation orders , and
   they can cause the contractor ' s work to be disrupted , impact time and
   cost overruns . rework and minor changes can be qualitatively predicted and
   estimated during the bidding process for the most significant projects .
   this research explains the meaning , application , and potential application
   of system dynamics in assessing the impacts of variation order on cost and
   time . the model boundary is defined , including exogenous and endogenous
   variables . the casual loop diagram cld is built to explain the system
   structure after determining the modeling parameters fully . using vensim
   software , a system dynamics model is created , verified , and validated
   before being used to quantify the impact of variation orders in project
   scope on cost and time . the research aims to use system dynamics to
   simulate variation orders in iraqi construction projects ' cost and time .
   there are a large number of variation orders that occurred in most
   construction projects in iraq . the author ( s ) , under exclusive license
   to springer nature singapore pte ltd . 2022 .
DE endogenous; exogenous; system structure; variation orders; vensim
ID system theory; construction projects; endogenous; exogenous; impact costs;
   impact time; system dynamics; systems structure; time overrun; variation
   order; vensim; construction industry

---

UT 295
AR [Anonymous], 2025, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V1476, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/1476/1/012070
TI System dynamics modeling of the layer chicken feed supply chain in Simeulue
   regency
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2025
AB this study aims to assess the condition of the layer chicken feed supply
   chain in simeulue regency and design an optimal model . the methodology
   employed is system dynamics , a systemic thinking approach that takes into
   account feedback loops and delays to understand the complex behavioral
   dynamics within the supply chain . primary data were collected through
   interviews with relevant business actors , such as poultry farmers , traders
   , feed distributors , producers , sellers , bumdes , and decision_makers
   involved in input provision , production , and marketing . secondary data
   were obtained from related institutions . model formulation and data
   analysis were conducted using vensim ple software . the findings indicate
   that the feed supply chain in simeulue regency is overly long and frequently
   experiences significant delays , necessitating a shortening of the supply
   chain to expedite feed delivery and optimize egg production . this study
   successfully developed nine sub_models of the layer chicken feed supply
   chain , including the sub_models for business actors , feed production
   capacity , feed production , layer chicken breeding , feed transportation ,
   feed inventory , market growth , labor , and financial dynamics . these
   models provide essential insights into improving supply chain efficiency and
   ensuring a smooth feed supply in simeulue regency . 2025 institute of
   physics publishing . all rights reserved .

---

UT 296
AR Tian L, 2022, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12460, DOI 10.1117/12.2658301
TI Emission Reduction Prediction and Policy Simulation of Prefabricated
   Buildings Using System Dynamics
AU Tian L; Jiang R; Chen X/3; Xie J/1; Wang L/2; Liu X/2; Dang J
TC 2
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2022
AB under the national ' ' double carbon ' ' goal , taking the prefabricated
   building as the research goal , the system dynamics model of prefabricated
   building is constructed using vensim software . draw the causal circuit
   diagram and stock flow diagram , determine the model equation , study the
   relationship and action mechanism between different influencing factors of
   prefabricated buildings . simulate the change trend of carbon emission of
   prefabricated buildings under the time series , investigate the sensitivity
   of 8 types of industrial policy changes to the system . taking xi'an city as
   an example , the results show that the market share of prefabricated
   buildings in xi'an city will reach 52 % , and the total emission reduction
   will reach 12.56 million tons in 2030 . industrial policies play an obvious
   role in promoting the development of prefabricated buildings . the
   implementation of construction policies , fiscal policies , technical
   policies and ecological development policies have good effects , which plays
   a great role in promoting the development of prefabricated buildings and
   energy conservation and emission reduction in xi'an city , and provide
   references for emission reduction in other cities . 2022 spie .
DE carbon emission; policy simulation; prefabricated building; system dynamics;
   vensim
ID carbon; emission control; energy conservation; historic preservation; system
   theory; carbon emissions; emission reduction; industrial policies; policy
   simulation; research goals; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling;
   vensim; vensim softwares; xian cities; competition

---

UT 297
AR Yang X/3, 2026, ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV, V93, DOI 10.1016/j.esd.2026.101984
TI Research on the evolutionary development mechanism of renewable energy-coal
   coupling system: A system dynamics approach
AU Yang X/3; Li X/6
TC 0
SO ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2026
AB under the ' ' dual carbon ' ' targets , resource_rich regions face the dual
   challenges of renewable energy integration and environmental pollution
   control , while the evolution of renewable energy ( re ) and coal coupled
   systems brings transformative pressures to traditional coal mining and power
   generation sectors . this study constructs an integrated re_coal coupled
   system by deeply synergizing regional renewable and coal resources across
   industrial chains . employing system dynamics theory , we elucidate
   cross_sector interaction mechanisms and feedback loops , develop a dynamic
   model simulated via vensim , and quantitatively assess its economic benefits
   . the findings indicate that the green hydrogen_anchored coupling system
   exhibits both economic viability with an annual profit of 10 billion cny and
   technical feasibility with a carbon dioxide reduction of 1.36 million tons .
   by leveraging the regional advantages of low_cost renewable energy and
   abundant coal resources , this model decouples economic growth from carbon
   emissions , providing an implementable pathway for renewable energy and
   coal_rich regions to fulfill their 2030 carbon peak commitments . 2026
   international energy initiative
DE carbon emission reduction; renewable energy and coal coupling system;
   renewable energy integration; system dynamics
ID carbon dioxide; coal; coal industry; coal research; dynamics; economic
   analysis; energy policy; pollution control; renewable energy; carbon
   emissions reductions; coal resources; coupled systems; coupling systems;
   development mechanisms; evolutionary development; renewable energies;
   renewable energy and coal coupling system; renewable energy integrations;
   system dynamics; alternative energy; carbon emission; coal mining; coal
   supply; emission control; numerical model; power generation; coal deposits;
   system theory

---

UT 298
AR de Assis RF, 2021, INT J ADV MANUF TECHNOL, V114, P3537, DOI
   10.1007/s00170-021-07053-y
TI Translating value stream maps into system dynamics models: a practical
   framework
AU de Assis RF; de Santa-Eulalia LA; Ferreira WP; Armellini F; Anholon R;
   Rampasso IS; Santos JGCL
TC 25
SO INT J ADV MANUF TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB one of the best_known tools from lean thinking is the value stream mapping (
   vsm ) , which stands for a visual modeling approach allowing the
   identification of critical steps in a supply chain , thus helping to
   identify organizational bottlenecks and wastes . despite its relevance , vsm
   is based on a static report from the time the mapping was performed . to add
   dynamism to vsm analysis , computer_based simulations can be employed .
   however , little is done in the domain of systems dynamics ( sd ) , a known
   modeling approach usually employed to get insights about stock and flows
   behavior . in this context , this research aims to propose a practical
   framework called vsm_to_sd to help modelers easily translate vsm into system
   dynamics quantitative models using the notation of two known modeling tools
   on the market , namely stella ( c ) and vensim ( c ) . to demonstrate its
   usefulness and ease_of_use , a proof_of_concept is developed in an
   industrial case study . results suggest the efficiency of the vsm_to_sd
   framework , including its ability to straightforwardly generate
   simulation_based vsm , allowing analytic comparisons of different simulation
   scenarios , and expanding the analytic decision_making capacity of managers
   desiring to go further than traditional and static vsm . 2021 , the author (
   s ) , under exclusive license to springer_verlag london ltd . , part of
   springer nature .
DE lean manufacturing; simulation modeling; stella; system dynamics; value
   stream mapping; vensim
ID computer aided analysis; decision making; mapping; supply chains; computer
   based simulation; industrial case study; proof of concept; quantitative
   models; system dynamics model; value stream mapping; value stream maps;
   visual modeling; system theory

---

UT 299
AR Tong Y/1, 2023, INT CONF CLOUD COMPUT BIG DATA ANAL ICCCBDA, P322, DOI
   10.1109/ICCCBDA56900.2023.10154672
TI Research on the Evolution of Network Public Opinion of Enterprise
   Environmental Emergencies Based on System Dynamics
AU Tong Y/1; Xia D; Deng S
TC 1
SO INT CONF CLOUD COMPUT BIG DATA ANAL ICCCBDA
PY 2023
AB in order to actively and effectively manage the public opinion needs
   triggered by enterprise environmental emergencies , exploring the related
   factors that affect the heat of enterprise environmental emergencies can
   help enterprises to scientifically deal with public opinion crisis and
   control the negative effects of network public opinion on enterprises .
   using the system dynamics modeling method , this paper studied the dynamic
   behavior of the evolution process of network public opinion of enterprise
   environmental emergencies from the four dimensions of netizens , media ,
   government and enterprises . this paper simulates and analyzes the evolution
   model of network public opinion with vensim ple . the research results show
   that the evolution of network public opinion on enterprise environmental
   emergencies generally presents a cyclical process of four stages : gestation
   , shock , adjustment and adaptation , and end . variables such as public
   sentiment , response speed , information transparency , and enterprise
   disclosure channel preference gap all have a greater impact on the
   dissemination of network public opinion on enterprise environmental
   emergencies . 2023 ieee .
DE environmental emergencies; network public opinion; system dynamics
ID system theory; dynamic behaviors; environmental emergencies; evolution
   process; model method; network public opinions; public opinion crisis;
   related factors; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; social aspects

---

UT 300
AR Salvati RO, 2026, IEEE ACCESS, V14, P44816, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2026.3674331
TI A System Dynamics Model for Evaluation of Residential Demand-Side Management
   Strategies With Photovoltaic Generation, Electric Vehicles, and Battery
   Storage
AU Salvati RO; Teive RCG
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2026
AB the increasing penetration of distributed energy resources in the
   residential sector , including photovoltaic generation ( pv ) , electric
   vehicles ( ev ) , and battery energy storage systems , has significantly
   altered electricity consumption patterns and introduced new challenges for
   energy management . these technologies , combined with time_of_use ( tou )
   tariffs , require analytical tools capable of representing the dynamic
   interactions among consumption , generation , storage , and tariff
   structures . this paper proposes a modular simulation model based on system
   dynamics to evaluate residential electricity consumption , energy costs ,
   and demand profile under different technological configurations and
   demand_side management ( dsm ) strategies . the model was implemented in
   vensim and integrates residential load profiles , pv generation based on
   peak sun hours , ev charging schedules , behind_the_meter battery storage ,
   and both flat and tou tariffs . dsm strategies based on load shifting were
   incorporated to evaluate their impact on cost reduction and system
   performance . simulation results demonstrate that the effectiveness of tou
   tariffs strongly depends on load management strategies and the coordination
   between pv generation and battery storage . in the most complete scenario ,
   dsm reduced the discounted payback period from approximately 6.0 years to
   4.7 years under time_of_use tariffs , representing an improvement of 1.3
   years . the proposed model provides a flexible and integrated framework for
   analyzing residential energy systems and supports decision_making related to
   distributed energy resource integration and tariff selection . 2013 ieee .
DE battery storage; demand-side management; electric vehicles; photovoltaic
   generation; residential energy modeling; system dynamics
ID battery management systems; behavioral research; charging ( batteries );
   cost reduction; demand-side management; distributed energy; dynamics;
   electric utilities; electric vehicles; energy resources; housing; secondary
   batteries; system theory; battery storage; demand-side; distributed energy
   resources; management strategies; photovoltaics generations; residential
   energy models; residential sectors; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; time of use tariffs; battery storage

---

UT 301
AR Ma J/1, 2025, PLOS COMPUT BIOL, P1, DOI 10.1371/journal.pcbi.1013186
TI Optimization of echinococcosis control measures based on system dynamics
AU Ma J/1; Liu X/9; He Z/1; Zhang H/2; Ma Y; Fan Z; Zhao X/1; Zhi J; Cao Q/1;
   Xue H; Gou H
TC 1
SO PLOS COMPUT BIOL
PY 2025
AB this study aimed to provide strategies to optimize the prevention and
   control measures of echinococcosis in gansu province . based on the
   transmission mechanism of echinococcosis , a system dynamics ( sd ) model of
   echinococcosis in gansu province was established using vensim software .
   through this model , parameters such as vaccination coverage , domestic dog
   deworming coverage , slaughter management level , and health education level
   were adjusted to predict the changing trends in the number of human cases
   and infected sheep . the results showed that the number of human cases was
   most sensitive to the adjustment of health education level , followed by
   changes to vaccination coverage . the number of infected sheep was most
   sensitive to the adjustment of vaccination coverage , followed by the
   adjustment of slaughter management level . based on these simulation results
   , the prevention and control measures for echinococcosis in gansu province
   were further optimized . the results showed that if the health education
   level and the vaccination coverage were increased by 50 % and 40 % ,
   respectively , based on the current prevention and control levels , the
   number of human cases would approach zero by approximately 2026 . when the
   vaccination coverage and slaughter management level increased by 60 % and 45
   % , respectively , based on current prevention and control levels , the
   number of infected sheep would approach zero by approximately 2027 . this
   study applied the sd method to the prevention and control of echinococcosis
   for the first time , and the results can provide key decision_making
   recommendations to optimize the prevention and control measures of
   echinococcosis in gansu province . 2025 ma et al .
ID animals; china; computational biology; computer simulation; dogs;
   echinococcosis; humans; sheep; sheep diseases; vaccination; computer
   software; decision making; system theory; control level; control measures;
   gansu province; health education; management level; optimizations;
   prevention and controls; prevention measures; system dynamics; transmission
   mechanisms; antihelminthic therapy; article; controlled study; decision
   making; disease control; dog; dynamics; echinococcosis; health education;
   mortality; nonhuman; process optimization; sheep; simulation; vaccination
   coverage; animal; bioinformatics; china; computer simulation; epidemiology;
   human; prevention and control; sheep disease; vaccination; veterinary
   medicine; dynamics

---

UT 302
AR [Anonymous], 2023, ADV ANIM VET SCI, V11, P236, DOI
   10.17582/journal.aavs/2023/11.2.236.245
TI Application of System Dynamics Modelling in Evaluating Sustainability of
   Beef Cattle Production and Business System in Smallholder Farmers in South
   Sumatera, Indonesia
TC 6
SO ADV ANIM VET SCI
PY 2023
AB beef cattle production and business model as a complex and dynamic concept
   requires understanding from a production , nutrition , and economic
   perspective . this study aims to analyze production systems , evaluate
   smallholder beef cattle businesses , and stimulate business development
   scenarios to increase income for sustainable business corporations with a
   dynamic system approach . data were collected through interview methods to
   obtain data on production systems and business models , reproductive and
   economic parameters , and feed applications to obtain production parameters
   at the field station_school for smallholder community ( fs_ssc ) maju
   bersama , musi banyuasin regency in 2021 . the feed application experimental
   design used a factorial 3x2 randomized block design ( rbd ) with 10
   replications . a descriptive analysis was conducted to evaluate the
   corporate model ' s production system and business management . production
   analysis was analyzed using anova and data were processed using r studio
   software version 4.1.2. furthermore , the observed parameters include
   average daily gain ( adg ) , dry matter intake ( dmi ) , pregnancy rate ,
   the ratio of male and female calf births , mortality rates , production
   costs and income . a business feasibility analysis is calculated by the
   value of net present value ( npv ) , benefit / cost ( b / c ratio ) , and
   internal rate of return ( irr ) . vensim software and powersim studio
   version 10 were used to compile causal loop ( cld ) and flow chart diagrams
   , followed by dynamic system analysis . based on the simulation results ,
   the existing production model has not been declared feasible as a business
   with an npv value of idr . 683,350,309.27. the simulation results with
   improved feed and increased marketing showed that the best scenario in
   corporate business development is semi_intensive breeding . intensive
   fattening cattle are given an additional marketing frequency concentrate
   twice with an interest rate of 6 % . the feed application experimental
   design used a factorial 3x2 randomized block design ( rbd ) with 10
   replications . a descriptive analysis was conducted to evaluate the
   corporate model ' s production system and business management . production
   analysis was analyzed using anova and data were processed using r studio
   software version 4.1.2. furthermore , the observed parameters include
   average daily gain ( adg ) , dry matter intake ( dmi ) , pregnancy rate ,
   the ratio of male and female calf births , mortality rates , production
   costs and income . a business feasibility analysis is calculated by the
   value of net present value ( npv ) , benefit / cost ( b / c ratio ) , and
   internal rate of return ( irr ) . vensim software and powersim studio
   version 10 were used to compile causal loop ( cld ) and flow chart diagrams
   , followed by dynamic system analysis . based on the simulation results ,
   the existing production model has not been declared feasible as a business
   with an npv value of idr . 683,350,309.27. the simulation results with
   improved feed and increased marketing showed that the best scenario in
   corporate business development is semi_intensive breeding . intensive
   fattening cattle are given an additional marketing frequency concentrate
   twice with an interest rate of 6 % . it was concluded that the beef cattle
   business in smallholder farming system was feasible with improved feed ,
   increased marketing and a maximum interest rate of 6 % per year . it was
   concluded that the beef cattle business in smallholder farming system was
   feasible with improved feed , increased marketing and a maximum interest
   rate of 6 % per year . 2022 by the authors . licensee researcherslinks ltd ,
   england , uk . this article is an open access article distributed under the
   terms and conditions of the creative commons attribution ( cc by ) license (
   https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ ) .
DE cattle business; dynamic model; financial feasibility; sustainability

---

UT 303
AR Bigdeli E, 2020, KYBERNETES, V49, P2521, DOI 10.1108/K-05-2019-0358
TI A dynamic model of effective factors on Agile business–IT alignment
AU Bigdeli E; Motadel M; Toloie Eshlaghy A; Radfar R
TC 7
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2020
AB purpose : this paper aims to present a dynamic model based on casual
   relationships among the most important effective factors on businessit
   alignment in agile businesses by using system dynamics modeling approach .
   design / methodology / approach : to study the most important factors on
   agility and alignment , the data were collected by questionnaires filled by
   201 experts and were analyzed by spss and pls . casual relationships among
   studied factors and efficiency coefficients of each factor were identified
   by fuzzy dematel technique and analyzed by matlab and excell . finally , the
   dynamic model was plotted by vensim . findings : according to the results ,
   only ' ' learning it capabilities ' ' are the most important casual factor
   that has the highest influence on the other factors . ' ' business
   responding capabilities ' ' take the highest effect from the system , and '
   ' business sensing capabilities ' ' are in the next rank . practical
   implications : this study underpins effective it deployment toward
   developing efficient it capabilities to gain greater agility . originality /
   value : the dynamic capabilities view ( dcv ) has emerged as an influential
   theoretical and management framework in modern is and agility researches .
   in this regard , we propose a conceptualization of dynamic capabilities in
   the form of an alignment model . based on the dynamic capabilities , and on
   the alignment perspectives found in henderson and venkatraman ' s seminal
   model , it alignment is modeled as a process of reconfiguration of the firm
   ' s it and organizational resources , competencies and capabilities . 2019 ,
   emerald publishing limited .
DE agility; alignment; dynamic capabilities; fuzzy dematel technique; it
   architecture; system dynamics
ID alignment; dynamic models; enterprise resource management; surveys; system
   theory; agility; dynamic capabilities; fuzzy dematel; it architecture;
   system dynamics; agile manufacturing systems

---

UT 304
AR Jurjević M, 2024, J MAR SCI ENG, V12, DOI 10.3390/jmse12071218
TI Simulation Model of Hydraulic System States for Ship Cranes
AU Jurjević M
TC 3
SO J MAR SCI ENG
PY 2024
AB the aim of this research is to devise a continuous simulation model for
   predicting ship crane failures to increase their reliability and reduce
   unplanned downtime during cargo loading and unloading operations . to
   predict the condition of the hydraulic system , a database from the galiot
   software package was used for carrying out maintenance on cranes at m / v '
   ' o ' ' over a period of 120,000 working hours . in the research , fault
   tree analysis ( fta ) was used to identify causal relationships between
   system failures and basic events , while the markov mathematical model was
   used to model the system state and predict transitions between different
   failure states . a system dynamics simulation model was developed to
   simulate the behavior of a system using powersim powersim constructor 2.5. d
   ( 4002 ) , and regression analysis was performed to analyze the simulation
   results and understand the relationships between dependent and independent
   variables . the results show that a model for predicting failures in the
   hydraulic motors and pumps of ship cranes was developed , and the markov
   model makes it possible to estimate the frequency of transitions between
   states under the condition that the sum of reliability equals one . the
   simulation model shows high reliability of the cranes and a constant
   frequency of failures throughout the 120,000 operating hours , while the
   regression analysis confirms the validity of the simulation model and shows
   a strong correlation between the analyzed variables . these models are used
   to improve the planning of ship crane maintenance , reduce unplanned
   downtime , and predict and promptly detect failures , which overall
   minimizes maintenance costs and failures . 2024 by the author .
DE fault tree analysis ( fta ); galiot software package; markov model; ship
   cranes; simulation model; system reliability

---

UT 305
AR Vafaee M, 2025, ENV DEV SUSTAIN, V27, P14985, DOI 10.1007/s10668-023-04438-9
TI Optimal pricing of drinking water based on the average household income
   using a system dynamics approach
AU Vafaee M; Nozari H; Marofi S
TC 0
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2025
AB proper planning , management of water resources , and improvement and
   development of management methods of water and sewerage network are
   essential for sustainable use of available water resources and prevention of
   economic losses of the water and sewerage company . in this research , the
   water and sewerage network of hamedan was simulated using a system dynamics
   approach . the model ' s accuracy in determining the benefitcost ratio was
   evaluated . based on the financial results , for the benefitcost ratio , the
   values of root_mean_square error ( rmse ) , standard error ( se ) , and
   determination coefficient ( r2 ) were calculated as 0.01 , 0.03 , and 0.993
   , respectively . according to the results , the developed model in this
   research has high accuracy in simulating the company ' s financial balance .
   the optimal drinking water price in different scenarios was determined using
   the powell optimization algorithm to improve the economic balance of the
   water and sewerage company . as long as the per capita consumption of
   low_income , medium_income , and high_income households is 138 , 203 , and
   268 l / day , respectively , we have no water shortage , and the benefitcost
   ratio is improving . the company ' s financial balance can be increased by
   determining the optimal drinking water price according to the income of
   urban households . in addition , the level of social welfare can be
   increased by increasing the renovation rate of pipes . the author ( s ) ,
   under exclusive license to springer nature b.v.  2024 .
DE optimization; powell algorithm; system dynamics; vensim; water and sewerage
   network
ID hamadan; iran; algorithm; drinking water; economic analysis; household
   income; numerical model; optimization; sewer network; water resource

---

UT 306
AR Shahsavari-Pour N, 2023, SUSTAIN, V15, DOI 10.3390/su15076225
TI Water Shortage Simulation Using a System Dynamics Approach: A Case Study of
   the Rafsanjan City
AU Shahsavari-Pour N; Bahador S; Heydari A; Fekih A
TC 5
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB water shortage and its interconnected and integrated management is one of
   the life crises in recent years . factors such as population growth ,
   plurality of population needs , traditional farming methods , climate change
   , and water waste are among the contributing factors to this crisis . the
   complexity of water sources and consumption systems makes the management and
   decision_making related to this resource very difficult . this research aims
   to study the effective factors in the water sources and consumption system
   of rafsanjan city and suggests a simulated model of water shortage and its
   causes . in this research , water shortage crises were simulated using
   system dynamics . important variables of the water shortage crisis are
   identified and optimized using the design of experiments ( doe ) method .
   vensim software was considered to illustrate the simulations of five
   scenarios aiming at better managing water resources and dealing with the
   water shortage crisis in this city . 2023 by the authors .
DE rafsanjan city; system dynamics; water resources; water shortage crisis
ID iran; kerman [ iran ]; rafsanjan; crisis management; dynamic analysis;
   factor analysis; simulation; water management; water resource

---

UT 307
AR Lima CG, 2025, BIOL INVASIONS, V27, DOI 10.1007/s10530-025-03698-y
TI The combined effects of site susceptibility to invasion and fire on
   population dynamics of the invasive tree Acacia dealbata
AU Lima CG; Bastos R; Cabral JA; Alves P; Fernandes PM; Honrado JP; Kühn I;
   Malta-Pinto E; Marchante E; Richardson DM; Santos M; Verburg PH; Vicente JR
TC 0
SO BIOL INVASIONS
PY 2025
AB disturbance by fire can significantly influence the spread and establishment
   of invasive alien plants , such as acacia dealbata ( silver wattle ) , which
   pose serious threats to ecosystems . this study assessed the combined
   effects of fire count density and landscape susceptibility to invasion on
   the population dynamics of a . dealbata in the minho region of portugal
   using a mechanistic model . the model , developed using stella software ,
   comprises four submodels that address : ( a ) changing trends in land use
   and land cover ( lulc ) . ( b ) fire events . ( c ) changes in the landscape
   susceptibility to invasion and ( d ) a . dealbata population dynamics .
   higher fire count densities led to higher a . dealbata population growth and
   regeneration , increasing landscape susceptibility to invasion . models such
   as the proposed approach can help identify potential priority areas for
   management , namely in sites with low initial structural diversity and
   continued a . dealbata population growth , as demonstrated in our dynamic
   simulations . the model not only enhances understanding of interactions
   between fire and plant invasion dynamics but also provides a tool for
   predicting the dynamics of other invasive plant species to guide proactive
   and cost_effective management strategies . the author ( s ) , under
   exclusive license to springer nature switzerland ag 2025 .
DE fire; fire-invasion interactions; invasive alien species; land use and land
   cover ( lulc ); process-based modeling; system dynamics; tree invasions
ID portugal; dicotyledon; fire; introduced species; invasive species; land
   cover; land use change; population dynamics; population growth

---

UT 308
AR Antoniadou M, 2024, CIRC ECON SUSTAIN, V4, P1387, DOI
   10.1007/s43615-023-00324-8
TI The ECODENT Model for Enhancing Pro-environmental Behaviors in Dentists
AU Antoniadou M
TC 0
SO CIRC ECON SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB climate change challenges people ' s lives and sustainability .
   environmental problems seem to derive from human behavior . dentistry has a
   high ecological footprint that needs to be controlled worldwide . thus , the
   behavior change of dentists is a necessary condition to improve the
   environmental situation . in this study , a system dynamics approach is used
   to analyze pro_environmental behavior in dentists . systemic modeling and
   simulation allow researchers to predict how the population of
   non_eco_dentists will change if certain factors are affected and how much
   time will be needed by the system of a group of dental professionals to
   become eco_dentists . to this end , the ecodent model is presented , which
   was developed using the vensim software . it is based on the classic word of
   mouth ( wom ) model , which simulates how the wom influences the spread of
   information among colleagues and stakeholders ( e . g . , patients ,
   auxiliary staff , and community ) . the model incorporates relevant factors
   such as dental income , state support , capex and opex , education hours ,
   level of urbanization , and time to react . by changing each one of them ,
   we can observe the changes in the groups of non_eco and eco dentists as well
   as the flow of the phenomenon / transition . the simulation of this model
   shows that by augmenting wom parameters , state economic support , or
   education hours while diminishing capex and opex , changes in the
   pro_environmental behaviors of dentists will be reported in a shorter time .
   the ecodent model can be used to further study pro_environmentalism in
   different dental groups and associations and design relevant eco_friendly
   educational programs . the author ( s ) 2023 .
DE dental environmentalism; eco-friendly behavior; green dentistry; holistic
   approach; pro-environmental behavior; sustainability; sustainable dentistry;
   systemic model; systems dynamic

---

UT 309
AR Zhang X/9, 2022, JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG, V28, P2567, DOI
   10.13196/j.cims.2022.08.026
TI Network effects model and simulation of competitive enterprises' multi-value
   chain based on the third-party platform; [基于第三方平台的竞争型企业多价值链网络效应模型及仿真]
AU Zhang X/9; Yang P; Sui R; Liu Y/12; Dan B
TC 2
SO JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG
PY 2022
AB aiming at a multi_value chain system consisting of multiple manufacturers ,
   multiple high_quality suppliers , multiple ordinary suppliers and a
   third_party platform , considering the influence of multiple cross_network
   effects , inter_group and intra_group network effects on the willingness of
   various users to access the platform , a competitive enterprises '
   multi_value chain network effects model was established by using system
   dynamics method . the vensim software was used to simulate competitive
   enterprises ' inter_group and intra_group network effects , and the impact
   of inter_group and intra_group network effects on users ' scale and the
   revenues of each participant were further analyzed . research results showed
   that the two types of suppliers ' inter_group and intra_group network
   effects were significant in platform ' s growth stage . the enhancement of
   one type of suppliers ' negative inter_group network effect would reduce
   another type of suppliers ' access number , but might stimulate more
   manufacturers to access platform . while the enhancement of one type of
   suppliers ' negative intra_group network effect would increase another type
   of suppliers ' access number , but did not necessarily affect manufacturers
   ' access number . besides , the enhancement of both types of suppliers '
   inter_group or intra_group network effects would decrease platform ' s
   revenues , but might increase manufacturers ' revenues . 2022 cims . all
   rights reserved .
DE competitive enterprises; multi-value chains; network effects; system
   dynamics; third-party platform
ID manufacture; competitive enterprise; inter-group; intra-group networks;
   multi-value; multi-value chain; network effects; system dynamics; third
   parties; third-party platform; value chains; system theory

---

UT 310
AR Raharjo S, 2023, AACL BIOFLUX, V16, P3161
TI System dynamics modelling of carbon emissions from capture fisheries in West
   Papua Province
AU Raharjo S; Purnawati R; Manaf M; Taran D
TC 0
SO AACL BIOFLUX
PY 2023
AB west papua province has been planning low_carbon development since september
   2022 . however , west papua province ' s carbon emissions calculation has
   not included the fisheries and marine sectors . the number of vessels
   operating in west papua continues to increase , and the operation of fishing
   vessels is one of the most significant contributors to carbon emissions .
   this study was conducted using a system dynamics methodological approach for
   modeling and simulating carbon emissions with the vensim ple software ,
   especially to generate emission factor values and calculate carbon emissions
   in west papua . this study aims to determine carbon emissions , model the
   operation of fishing vessels to calculate the number of emissions , estimate
   exhaust emissions from fishing vessels , and classify each fishing vessel
   into a particular group . based on historical data , the simulation results
   are grouped into ' ' business as usual ' ' ( bau ) , ' ' fair ' ' , and ' '
   ambitious ' ' scenarios . based on the bau scenario , co2 emissions show an
   increasing trend . this is an alarming situation that requires the attention
   of district / city and provincial governments to establish proactive
   environmental policies and strategies in low_carbon development planning .
   in addition , the ' ' fair ' ' and ' ' ambitious ' ' scenarios show that by
   combining policies limiting fishing fleets that may be operated ( fair :
   5000 motorized vessels and 20000 outboard motorized vessels . ambitious :
   4000 motorized vessels and 15000 outboard motorized vessels ) and optimizing
   the hybrid propulsion system ( fair : 15 % and ambitious : 30 % ) will be
   able to reduce the carbon footprint significantly . system dynamics modeling
   can be a powerful and low_cost tool for making low_carbon development
   decisions . 2023 , bioflux srl . all rights reserved .
DE carbon dioxide; greenhouse gasses; model; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 311
AR Campuzano-Bolarín F, 2025, CENT EUR J OPER RES, DOI
   10.1007/s10100-025-00999-4
TI From natural language to executable models.  How ChatGPT writes a system
   dynamics model
AU Campuzano-Bolarín F; López-López D; Martín-García J; Bogataj M
TC 1
SO CENT EUR J OPER RES
PY 2025
AB the process of creating a simulation model , in particular using the system
   dynamics methodology , is a complex and time_intensive task . it begins with
   a clear understanding of the problem , followed by the identification of key
   variables , and culminates in the construction of a stock and flow diagram .
   traditionally , this process has been laborious , requiring significant
   manual effort to translate a conceptual understanding into a functional
   model . with the advent of advanced ai tools like chatgpt and collaborative
   ai , this process can be significantly streamlined . this paper presents a
   personalized chatgpt prompt , david ( draw a vensim initial draft ) that can
   automate the creation of a complete vensim model , from problem description
   to a fully functional simulation . the importance of this tool , which is
   easy to use and modify , lies in the fact that it allows people who are not
   experts in creating simulation models to create them without prior training
   or experience . the author ( s ) 2025 .
DE artificial intelligence; chatgpt; collaborative ai; modeling; system
   dynamics
ID system theory; chatgpt; collaborative ai; executable modeling; key
   variables; modeling; natural languages; simulation model; stocks and flows;
   system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; artificial intelligence

---

UT 312
AR Ndubuisi UM, 2025, ENV MODEL ASSESS, DOI 10.1007/s10666-025-10083-5
TI Evaluating the Effect of Adaptation Policies on Crop Yield, Economic Growth
   and Water Resources: A DPSIR-Based Analysis for the Niger River Basin Under
   Shared Socioeconomic Pathways-Representative Concentration Pathways (SSP-
   RCPS) (2014–2100)
AU Ndubuisi UM; Guipponi C
TC 0
SO ENV MODEL ASSESS
PY 2025
AB climate change poses significant threats to agricultural productivity and
   water resources in vulnerable regions like the niger river basin ( nrb ) .
   this study evaluates the impacts of climate change and adaptation strategies
   on crop yield , economic growth , and water resources in the nrb section in
   nigeria under five shared socioeconomic pathway_representative concentration
   pathway ( ssp_rcp ) scenarios ( 20142100 ) . using an improved dpsir (
   driving forces , pressures , states , impacts , and responses ) framework
   implemented in vensim ple 10.2.2 , we integrated climate projections ,
   agronomic responses , and policy interventions to assess system dynamics .
   three adaptation pathways which include irrigated cropland expansion ,
   afforestation , and mixed approaches were evaluated , revealing that
   aggressive interventions could restore yields to low_emission ( ssp1_1.9 )
   levels but at high economic and ecological costs in higher nitrogen
   pollution , but sufficient economic and ecological tradeoffs exist when
   adaptation pathways is combined with mitigation effort , with improvement in
   water use and nitrogen remediation . multi_objective optimization
   prioritized forest_based strategies as optimal for balancing agricultural
   and ecological goals . these findings underscore the critical need for
   integrated mitigation_adaptation policies to enhance climate resilience in
   the nrb . the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer nature
   switzerland ag 2025 .
DE adaptation pathways; climate scenario; dpsir model; niger river basin

---

UT 313
AR Harrison MA, 2021, J ANIM SCI, V99, DOI 10.1093/jas/skaa405
TI Evaluation of biological and economic efficiency of the All Heifer, No Cow
   beef production system using a system dynamics model based on 6 yr of
   demonstration herd data
AU Harrison MA; Sheehan JJ; Seidel GE; Mooney DF; Rhoades RD; Ahola JK
TC 5
SO J ANIM SCI
PY 2021
AB alternative management strategies with no cows and all heifers may improve
   biological and economic efficiency of beef production . the all heifer , no
   cow ( ahnc ) beef production system involves insemination of nulliparous
   heifers with female sex_selected semen ( fss ) to produce primarily female
   calves that are early weaned at 3 mo of age . dams are finished on a high
   concentrate diet and harvested before 30 mo of age . the objectives of this
   research were to : 1 ) build a dynamic model of an ahnc beef production
   system to quantify system biological and economic efficiency . 2 ) compare
   effects of utilizing fss vs . conventional semen on biological and economic
   efficiency . 3 ) evaluate what_if scenarios to determine the effects on
   biological and economic efficiency of changing variables 5 % , 10 % , 15 % ,
   and 20 % from initial observed values . and 4 ) evaluate the effects on
   biological and economic efficiency of changing variables 10 % from initial
   observed values . a model was built over a 21_yr horizon using stella
   architect . biological parameter values in the model were based on the 6 yr
   of data collected from the management of an ahnc demonstration herd . in the
   model animal , total digestible nutrients ( tdn ) intake , hot carcass
   weight ( hcw ) , and age at harvest were randomized . feed , animal , and
   carcass prices included in the model were based on 10 yr of historical you .
   s . price data . key response variables were biological and economic
   efficiency ( mean sd ) . biological efficiency was defined as the ratio of
   output ( kilograms of hcw produced ) to input ( lifetime kilograms of feed
   tdn consumed ) , and economic efficiency was measured using a benefit_cost
   ratio ( bcr ) and unit variable cost ( uvc ) . over 40 simulation runs , the
   predicted mean biological efficiency was 0.0714 0.0008. economic efficiency
   was 0.95 0.02 and us $ 445.41 0.06 for bcr and uvc , respectively .
   biological and economic efficiency was improved in the conventional semen
   scenario . biological efficiency was 0.0738 0.0008 , and bcr and uvc were
   0.99 0.04 and us $ 407.24 0.006 , respectively . under this parameterization
   and market conditions , the ahnc beef production system failed to achieve
   profitability under any scenario that was evaluated . however , this review
   did not account for the potential increased genetic benefit from a decreased
   generation interval and the reduction in feed energy in comparison to a
   conventional cow / calf system . 2020 the author ( s ) . published by oxford
   university press on behalf of the american society of animal science . all
   rights reserved .
DE beef production system; biological efficiency; economic efficiency; single-
   calf heifer system; system dynamics
ID animal husbandry; animals; cattle; diet; eating; energy intake; female;
   semen; weaning; animal; animal husbandry; bovine; caloric intake; diet;
   eating; female; sperm; veterinary medicine; weaning

---

UT 314
AR He K, 2025, J CHIN AGRIC MECH, V46, P301, DOI
   10.13733/j.jcam.issn.2095-5553.2025.05.040
TI Simulation study on the coordinated development policy of regional
   agriculture and agricultural products logistics: Taking Sichuan Province for
   example; [区域农业与农产品物流协调发展政策仿真研究-以四川省为例]
AU He K; Huang X/1
TC 0
SO J CHIN AGRIC MECH
PY 2025
AB coordinated development of agriculture and agricultural products logistics
   is an important condition for the rapid and stable development of
   agriculture . on the basis of the supply and demand mechanism , this paper
   analyzes the variable composition and mutual relationship of regional
   agriculture and agricultural products logistics system , gives the causal
   diagram of the system , establishes agricultural products logistics demand
   satisfaction rate and coordination cost indicators , and uses vensim
   software to build a system dynamic model with the function of policy
   evaluation . taking sichuan province as an example , with the relevant data
   from 2009 to 2021 collected , this model is employed to system simulation
   and policy experiments . the results show that sichuan province has a high
   level of satisfaction of agricultural products logistics demand , and
   agriculture and agricultural products logistics development in coordination
   . however , the contradiction between supply and demand is prominent
   recently , and it is urgent to increase 63.97 % of agricultural products
   logistics capital . agricultural products logistics market will be in short
   supply , the logistics industry needs to increase investment , so that the
   annual growth rate of agricultural products logistics capital is not less
   than 54.7 % . according to the research conclusion , some suggestions are
   put forward to reasonable configure a policy_making team members , increase
   investment in agricultural products logistics , and improve the agricultural
   products logistics system . 2025 journal of chinese agricultural
   mechanization editorial office . all rights reserved .
DE agricultural products logistics; coovdinated development; policy evaluation;
   regional agriculture; regression analysis; system dynamics

---

UT 315
AR Cen J, 2025, J TRANSP ENG, V23, P189, DOI
   10.19961/j.cnki.1672-4747.2024.09.012
TI Research on expressway carbon reduction strategies based on the system
   dynamics and multi-agent integrated model; [基于系统动力学和多智能体模型的高速公路减碳策略研究]
AU Cen J; Tao Q; Mei Z; Cai W; Li J/5; Wang Z/8
TC 1
SO J TRANSP ENG
PY 2025
AB [ background ] transportation is a primary contributor to greenhouse gas
   emissions . with the continuous expansion of expressway networks , research
   on expressway carbon emissions has become increasingly important . [
   objective ] to comprehensively consider the impacts of macro_socioeconomic
   development , energy structure , traffic composition , policy types , and
   micro_traffic flow characteristics on road carbon emissions to explore an
   effective path for achieving a carbon peak on expressways . [ methods ]
   first , the expressway carbon emissions system was divided into five
   subsystems : socioeconomic_population , passenger vehicles , freight
   logistics vehicles , road operation , energy consumption , and carbon
   emissions . subsequently , the vensim simulation platform was used to
   establish the stock flow diagram and system dynamics equation of the system
   dynamics subsystem , and the matlab program was used to describe the
   multiagent subsystem of road operation . a three_dimensional scenario
   combination model was constructed that combined different strategy types and
   intensities to form 27 scenarios . [ data ] the toll station and survey data
   of the zhejiang expressway were used to analyze the ring expressway of
   hangzhou . [ results ] three strategies , namely freight demand optimization
   , new energy vehicle promotion , and energy consumption technology
   development , were proposed . the carbon emission trends of expressways
   under different combination strategies were predicted , and the potential
   effectiveness of different intensity strategy combinations to achieve carbon
   peaking was revealed . 2025 southwest jiaotong university . all rights
   reserved .
DE agent-based model; expressway; road transportation; system dynamics;
   transportation carbon dioxide emission

---

UT 316
AR Qu L, 2025, HABITAT INT, V163, DOI 10.1016/j.habitatint.2025.103456
TI Coupling coordination evolution of the settlements-farming system and its
   optimization path: Keys to sustainable rural development in the Three Gorges
   Reservoir Area of China
AU Qu L; Tu Z; Liu J/6; Li Y/3
TC 12
SO HABITAT INT
PY 2025
AB the stability and coordinated development of the settlementsfarming system (
   sfs ) in mountainous regions are vital for ensuring food security and
   ecological sustainability , particularly in complex terrain zones such as
   the three gorges reservoir area ( tgra ) of china . existing studies have
   largely overlooked the nonlinear feedback mechanisms and spatiotemporal
   dynamics underpinning rural settlementsfarming interactions in mountainous
   contexts . to address this gap , this study integrates system dynamics
   modeling_with implementation in vensim_and the entropy weight method for
   indicator weighting to evaluate the coupling coordination of the sfs in the
   mountainous areas of chongqing within the tgra . through multi_scenario
   simulations , the research investigates how endogenous and exogenous drivers
   influence the evolution and optimization of the sfs over the period 20052020
   . the findings reveal that : 1under the status quo development mode , the
   coupling coordination of the sfs in the tgra exhibits a favorable trend ,
   with an average annual growth rate of 2.5 % during 20052020 . 2endogenous
   dynamics , such as farmland utilization efficiency , mainly drive the
   coupling evolution of the sfs by enhancing land development in the reservoir
   area and responding to technological innovations and policy reforms .
   3exogenous dynamics , such as the degree of government expectation
   fulfillment , also influence the system by limiting excessive government
   interventions . however , endogenous dynamics have a significantly stronger
   effect than exogenous dynamics on the system ' s evolution . therefore , it
   is essential to balance policy support with the improvement of endogenous
   dynamics to promote the region ' s sustainable development . this study
   contributes theoretical and methodological innovation by embedding dynamic
   feedback analysis into sfs evaluation and identifying key leverage points
   for rural revitalization . it also offers targeted policy recommendations to
   support the sustainable rural development of mountainous territorial systems
   , emphasizing a humanland systems perspective that aligns land structure
   optimization with ecological restoration and rural well_being . 2025
   elsevier ltd
DE coupling coordination; settlements-farming system; simulation; system
   dynamics; three gorges reservoir area
ID china; three gorges reservoir; farming system; feedback mechanism; food
   security; growth rate; human settlement; mountain region; optimization;
   policy reform; rural development; spatiotemporal analysis; sustainability;
   sustainable development

---

UT 317
AR Hu G, 2023, SUSTAIN, V15, DOI 10.3390/su15129219
TI Research on Data-Driven Dynamic Decision-Making Mechanism of Mega
   Infrastructure Project Construction
AU Hu G; Liu Y/10; Liu K; Yang X
TC 10
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB the construction of mega infrastructure projects has the characteristics of
   repeatability , long duration , and high complexity . therefore , it is
   particularly important to implement dynamic decision_making in projects .
   this study takes data_driven decision_making mechanisms as the entry point
   and constructs a dynamic decision_making system for mega infrastructure
   projects consisting of an information collection subsystem , an information
   processing and transformation subsystem , a humancomputer collaborative
   decision_making subsystem and an evaluation and feedback subsystem . on this
   basis , we established a system dynamics model of dynamic decision_making
   for mega infrastructure projects . vensim ple 9.3.5 software was used to
   simulate and analyze the operation law of dynamic decision_making for mega
   infrastructure projects from a data_driven perspective , and the sensitivity
   of the application rate of information management technology , the
   application rate of data analysis methods , the participation rate of
   experts in decision_making , the historical case information on this project
   , and the information on similar projects on the effectiveness of program
   implementation were simulated and analyzed . the results of the study showed
   that all five key influencing factors have a positive impact on the
   effectiveness of program implementation . in addition , the application rate
   of information management technology and the application rate of information
   analysis methods have a higher sensitivity to the effectiveness of program
   implementation , the participation rate of experts in decision_making and
   historical case information on this project have average sensitivity to the
   effectiveness of program implementation , and information on similar
   projects has lower sensitivity to the effectiveness of program
   implementation . this study provides some ideas and suggestions to promote
   the effective use of information technology and digital technology by each
   participant in the construction of mega infrastructure projects while
   improving their dynamic decision_making efficiency , scientificity , and
   accuracy . 2023 by the authors .
DE data-driven; dynamic decision making; mega infrastructure projects; system
   dynamics
ID data management; decision making; information management; information
   processing; information technology; infrastructure planning

---

UT 318
AR Kamath V, 2022, INT J ENTERP NETW MANAG, V13, P140, DOI
   10.1504/IJENM.2022.10034399
TI A system dynamics-based approach towards sustainability of a rural milk
   dairy venture
AU Kamath V; Biju S
TC 0
SO INT J ENTERP NETW MANAG
PY 2022
AB india , being one of the largest producers of milk in the world , is
   witnessing unprecedented shutdowns among small_scale dairies due to business
   sustainability challenges . this could be attributed to adoption of
   event_based focus on systems and ignoring the time delays between the
   because and the effects by the entrepreneurs . these shutdowns can be
   critical as the small_scale dairies heavily contribute to the country ' s
   overall milk production capacity . through this article , we attempt to
   present a real_life case of a rural dairy highlighting an entrepreneurial
   dilemma and demonstrate the usage of group model building ( gmb ) techniques
   for conducting system dynamics ( sd ) simulation using vensim . the study is
   relevant as it enables the entrepreneur to foresee the impact of the
   different options regarding the business sustainability of his dairy . also
   , it demonstrates the usage of gmb techniques and unlocks the potential to
   apply sd modeling using group techniques for policy analysis in diverse
   domains for the academicians . copyright 2022 inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE dairy farming; entrepreneurship; gmb; group model building; msme; system
   dynamics

---

UT 319
AR Gao L/1, 2025, ECOL ECON, V228, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2024.108451
TI Effect simulation and local adaptation of multi-agent collaborative
   governance in marine eco-economic systems: Evidence from China
AU Gao L/1; Gao K; Sun W; Zhang Y/7; Zhang R/2; Zhang L/5
TC 3
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2025
AB the government ' s unitary management of marine eco_economic systems has
   several drawbacks , underscoring the urgency of exploring the effectiveness
   and feasibility of a multi_agent collaborative governance model . in this
   study , we developed a simulation model based on statistical and survey data
   to examine the effectiveness of multi_agent collaborative governance in
   marine eco_economic systems . using the data simulation function of system
   dynamics ( sd ) vensim ple , we verified the input parameters , income
   variables , behavior probability , and governance outcomes for five types of
   stakeholders in marine governance , finding that : ( 1 ) in a multi_agent
   the governance framework , arbitrarily increasing the participation
   probability of one stakeholder type tends to lead to the involvement of two
   or more types . this leads to the establishment of a compact multi_agent
   collaborative governance model , significantly enhancing both participation
   and fairness of governance compared to the traditional government_centric
   model . ( 2 ) regardless of which parameter is optimized , the multi_agent
   collaborative governance model can improve the performance of marine
   eco_economic systems . this governance model is more conducive to the
   coordinated , healthy , and sustainable development of marine eco_economic
   system . ( 3 ) by calculating the degree of alignment between stakeholders (
   central government , local government , sea_related producers , sea_related
   consumers , and coastal communities ) across 11 coastal provinces and cities
   in china , this study identified one or more types of multi_agent
   collaborative governance models , proving the feasibility of this approach .
   ( 4 ) while collaborative governance models led by five different entities
   have their unique advantages and disadvantages , further strengthening
   relationships and cooperation among these stakeholders is essential for
   advancing the maturity and effectiveness of the multi_agent governance model
   . 2024 elsevier b . v .
DE coastal provinces and cities in china; governance effect; marine eco-
   economic system; multi-agent collaborative governance; sd ( system dynamics
   ) simulation
ID china; ecological economics; governance approach; local adaptation; local
   participation; marine ecosystem; simulation; stakeholder; sustainable
   development

---

UT 320
AR Jin H, 2023, SIMUL, V99, P885, DOI 10.1177/00375497231168631
TI Effects of workload on medication administration errors in nursing: an
   analysis based on system dynamics modeling
AU Jin H; Xiao Z; Yao J; Gong Z; Wang H/7; Zhao Y/5
TC 1
SO SIMUL
PY 2023
AB medication administration errors account for a relatively high proportion of
   medical errors , with more than 50 % occurring at the nursing administration
   stage . nursing is characterized by a large amount of work , rigid working
   hours , high information cognitive intensity , and frequent information
   updates . the high workload of nurses is a significant because of medication
   administration errors . in this study , a literature analysis was used to
   determine the elements of the system dynamics model , and the causal loop
   diagram was used to draw the relationship framework among the elements .
   vensim personal learning edition and interview surveys were then used for
   model validation and simulation . first , 302 case analyzes of medication
   administration errors collected from the three metropolitan area hospitals
   were used to construct the causal loop diagram , the stock and flow map of
   the medication administration error system , and the dynamics model . second
   , the model was tested from theoretical and historical data simulation
   perspectives . finally , the system dynamics model proposed in this study
   was used to simulate a medical institution from overtime and policy
   perspectives . through system dynamics modeling , the inducing mechanism of
   workload on medication administration errors in nursing operations was
   elucidated , and corresponding suggestions for prevention were provided . in
   addition , ideas and basis for optimizing the medication administration
   process , improving workload , and preventing medication administration
   errors considering workload were provided . the author ( s ) 2023 .
DE causal loop diagram; medication administration error; nursing; system
   dynamics modeling
ID errors; system theory; causal loop diagrams; information updates; large
   amounts; literature analysis; medical errors; medication administration
   error; nursing administration; relationship frameworks; system dynamics
   modeling; working hours; nursing

---

UT 321
AR Suryani E, 2026, SUSTAIN DEV, DOI 10.1002/sd.70719
TI Integrating Predictive Modeling and Circular Economy Principles for
   Sustainable Soybean Agriculture
AU Suryani E; Wibisono A; Mudjahidin M; Az-Zahra A; Pramundito RJ; Gunawan G;
   Kurniawan D
TC 0
SO SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2026
AB indonesia ' s persistent dependence on soybean imports threatens national
   food security , a challenge exacerbated by a stark demographic_agricultural
   mismatch . this research introduces a novel , integrated approach to
   sustainable agriculture in east java by combining system dynamics ( sd )
   modeling with circular economy ( ce ) principles . developed using vensim
   ple , the model captures the non_linear interactions within the regional
   soybean value cycle , specifically addressing the projected contraction of
   harvest areas from 238,136 to 134,478 ha by 2025 . the novelty of this work
   lies in using sd to identify the exact economic thresholds where converting
   agricultural residues into high_value livestock feed via pelletizer
   technology triggers a transformative feedback loop . while traditional
   models focus narrowly on yield , this study demonstrates that the
   scn_pelletizer scenario shifts the sector from a subsistence_based model to
   a resilient industrial corridor . scenario simulations reveal that despite
   initial capital expenditures , the ce pathway reaches a break_even point by
   2030 and elevates long_term farmer profits to idr 36 million / ha by 2040 .
   these findings provide a practical roadmap to bridge a critical supplydemand
   gap_where the fulfillment ratio is projected to plummet to 15.9 % _by
   diversifying income streams and fostering regional economic resilience .
   2026 erp environment and john wiley and sons ltd .
DE circular economy; food security; predictive modeling; sustainable
   agriculture; system dynamics

---

UT 322
AR Zhu Y/5, 2025, PROC INT CONF INTERNET THINGS MACH LEARN IOTML, P85, DOI
   10.1145/3749566.3749587
TI Sustainable tourism management based on NSGA-II algorithm and multi-
   objective planning
AU Zhu Y/5; Li Y/11; Chen Y/4; Tang S
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF INTERNET THINGS MACH LEARN IOTML
PY 2025
AB global tourism , while continuing to expand and significantly driving local
   economic growth , faces challenges such as environmental overcapacity ,
   infrastructure inadequacies , and structural imbalances . urgent
   implementation of sustainable planning and development strategies is
   required to address these issues , thereby achieving the goal of enhancing
   its resilience in growth . based on the nsga_ii algorithm and
   multi_objective dynamic programming , this study constructs a sustainable
   tourism management model to balance economic benefits , environmental impact
   , and social influence for juneau , alaska . employing multi_objective
   optimization methods , including nsga_ii and analytic hierarchy processes (
   ahp ) , the model quantifies relationships among tourist flow , social and
   economic impacts . ultimately , based on the principles of system dynamics ,
   leveraging vensim_based simulation modeling to quantify the impact level of
   subsystems on the tourism industry , the findings demonstrate that
   investments in ecological construction and infrastructure play a critical
   role , and propose an optimal solution to balance visitor volume regulation
   with ecological carrying capacity thresholds , ensuring sustainable tourism
   development . 2025 copyright held by the owner / author ( s ) .
DE multiobjective optimization; multiobjective planning; nsga-ii algorithm;
   sustainable tourism
ID analytic hierarchy process; economic analysis; economic and social effects;
   environmental impact; environmental management; investments; leisure
   industry; sustainable development; sustainable development goals; tourism;
   economic growths; multiobjective planning; multi-objectives optimization;
   nsga-ii algorithm; over capacity; planning and development; planning
   strategies; sustainable planning; sustainable tourism; tourism management;
   multiobjective optimization

---

UT 323
AR Mu N-Y, 2020, J TRANSP ENG, V18, P120
TI The Co-evolutionary Game of Cross-border E-commerce and Logistics;
   [跨境电商与跨境物流协同演化博弈研究]
AU Mu N-Y; Wang Z-T; Hao J-J
TC 3
SO J TRANSP ENG
PY 2020
AB based on bounded rationality , this study examines the evolutionary
   characteristics of cross_border e_commerce and logistics in the long_term
   development process . firstly , a co_evolutionary game model is constructed
   using evolutionary game theory . the jacques matrix determines the stability
   of the equilibrium point of the system , and the co_evolution direction and
   evolution path of the two under different conditions is analyzed from a
   theoretical perspective . finally , vensim ple simulation software is used
   to establish the system dynamics model of the co_evolutionary game . the
   initial state and the parameters of the return matrix are reasonably
   assigned , and the sd model simulation is conducted to visually reflect the
   game process of the co_evolution , which verifies the conclusion of the
   co_evolutionary game model . 2020 southwest jiaotong university . all rights
   reserved .
DE cross-border e-commerce; cross-border logistics; evolutionary game; synergy

---

UT 324
AR Vargas DS, 2024, J ENG, V2024, DOI 10.1155/2024/6641542
TI Dynamic Evaluation of the Effect of Soil Analysis on Monocultures
AU Vargas DS; Torres LK; Osorio JC
TC 0
SO J ENG
PY 2024
AB soil stands as one of the principal resources for agricultural development ,
   with this activity encompassing approximately 38 % of the earth ' s surface
   . the resulting product is directed toward human consumption and animal feed
   , as well as energy crops , among other purposes . given the pivotal role of
   this activity and the escalating demand for its products within the economic
   sphere , coupled with population growth , the need arises not only for
   increased crop yield but also for addressing the per capita reduction in
   available land . consequently , an imperative arises to explore emerging
   alternatives for soil conservation and restoration in pursuit of this goal .
   thus , a dynamic system model is introduced to assess the patterns of land
   use for agricultural cultivation in colombia . modeling is a useful tool for
   system conceptualisation , understanding , projection of future scenarios
   and hypothesis testing about the impact of disruptions in a system ' s
   overall behavior about changes in its components . the main purpose of this
   article is to evaluate , through simulation with system dynamics , soil
   recovery scenarios from the use of residues from the same crops ,
   specifically in the case of monocultures , such as sugarcane . similar
   studies have not been found in the literature review and , therefore , this
   work is novel and establishes a starting point to continue exploring these
   soil recovery alternatives . the formulation of this model was accomplished
   through the utilization of the vensim dss software ( version 5.10a ) ,
   followed by simulations of various land use scenarios across two distinct
   types of crops . the outcomes of these simulations unveiled a gradual
   degradation of the soil . to counter this trend , scenarios were evaluated ,
   with composting emerging as a viable and significant alternative . there are
   some scenarios in which land degradation is lower by more than 50 % compared
   with those in which the alternative is not considered . the composting
   process reduces costs in terms of fertilization , labor and support for
   environmental enhancement by restoring physical , chemical and biological
   soil properties . this study proposes for this model to be extended to other
   agricultural chains , thereby demonstrating its potential for guiding
   decisions regarding land use and crop activity scheduling that share
   similarities with the system under investigation . 2024 dayhanna s . vargas
   et al .
DE agricultural sustainability; crops; environment; land use; systems dynamics

---

UT 325
AR Hosseinkhani M, 2023, HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION, V7, DOI
   10.18502/htaa.v7i4.14651
TI Simulation of the Impact of Key Variables on Smart Supply Chains Efficiency
   in Iran’s Healthcare Industry
AU Hosseinkhani M; Heydariyeh SA; Razi FF; Tilehnouei MH
TC 0
SO HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION
PY 2023
AB background : the smartification of supply chains , which enables
   organizations to stay informed about crises in a timely manner and make
   appropriate decisions in response to the resulting pressures , has
   consistently been a crucial factor in the realm of organizational
   transformation . the healthcare industry in iran faces more challenges and
   crises than other industries , especially due to its vital role in public
   health prevention and care . objectives : according to the reasons described
   , this research aims to simulate and improve the efficiency of the
   healthcare supply chain when confronted with crises . methods : in this
   study , the efficiency of the healthcare supply chain was simulated using
   the system dynamics approach and vensim dss . results : the results
   indicated that healthcare supply chain efficiency in iran is unsatisfactory
   and may confront challenges during crises . therefore , this study places
   particular emphasis on examining scenarios for improving the current
   situation , which stems from the consensus of experts and stakeholders in
   this field . in the presented scenarios , a 2 % improvement in the
   utilization of advanced intelligent technologies and a 5 % improvement in
   intelligent inventory management were observed . notably , the combined
   effect of these two scenarios led to an overall enhancement in the average
   efficiency of the healthcare smart supply chain . these improvements can
   increase the average efficiency levels within the pharmaceutical
   manufacturing segment up to 1.3 % , 5.8 % , and 7.7 % in each of the
   aforementioned scenarios . conclusions : it can be asserted that although
   the advancement of smart technologies and intelligent inventory management
   individually contribute to enhancing the efficiency of the healthcare supply
   chain in iran , combining these changes can provide the groundwork for
   further increasing efficiency up to 7.7 % . 2021 tehran university of
   medical sciences .
DE advanced smart technologies; efficiency; health care industry; intelligent
   inventory management; smart supply chain; system dynamics

---

UT 326
AR Bakkula O, 2025, DISCOV APPL SCI, V7, DOI 10.1007/s42452-025-07227-3
TI Examining the drivers of changes in stripping ratio in open pit coal mining:
   a system dynamics model to optimize the coal discrepancy
AU Bakkula O; Wibisono D; Siallagan M
TC 1
SO DISCOV APPL SCI
PY 2025
AB stripping ratio ( sr ) , as one of the critical parameters in coal mining ,
   refers to the ratio of overburden ( ob ) or waste removed to obtain a ton of
   coal . it influences the coal discrepancy , or the difference between actual
   and planned coal mined production . this study aims to explore the
   contributing factors to the change in sr . the author carried out a focus
   group discussion ( fgd ) involving experts at one of the largest coal mining
   companies in indonesia . empirical data collected from january to december
   2024 verified the results related to the causes of changes in sr . the
   output variables from the data collecting analysis are utilized for modeling
   this phenomenon using vensim ple 7.3.5 , a system dynamics ( sd ) software ,
   to assess the influence of all contributing factors . the study revealed
   that the geological model and pit optimization positively decrease the sr .
   on the other hand , changes in sequence , redesigning the pit , operational
   loss , failure , and rehandling activity have an opposite impact on sr .
   based on the simulation at model x , the best scenario is g ( with the
   contributing factor of a coal increase of 15 % from the original ) , which
   has an average sr of 6.26 and a total coal mined production of 1,626,018.1
   tons at t = 1932 . simulation of model y revealed that scenario g7 has the
   highest total coal mined production of 1,604,088.8 tons , with the average
   sr at 6.34. however , scenario g4 shows the highest revenue of $
   130,712,149.0 as well as a profit of $ 85,327,620.9 . the author ( s ) 2025
   .
DE coal discrepancy; coal loss; geological model; mining sequence; stripping
   ratio; system dynamics
ID coal industry; geologic models; system theory; coal discrepancy; coal loss;
   coal mining; contributing factor; geological models; mining sequences; open
   pit; pit coal mining; stripping ratio; system dynamics; open pit mining

---

UT 327
AR Wang Z/1, 2022, PROC - INT CONF BIG DATA COMPUT NETW BDICN, P407, DOI
   10.1109/BDICN55575.2022.00081
TI Analysis on the development of Urban online car-hailing operation Based on
   System Dynamics
AU Wang Z/1; Zhang Y/13; Jiang H; Li J/9; Sun S; Yang G/1; Zhang Y/14
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF BIG DATA COMPUT NETW BDICN
PY 2022
AB with the improvement of public ' s demand for travel , the use frequency of
   online car_hailing is increasing year by year . compared with the operation
   of taxi industry , how to formulate reasonable measures for different
   environments is the key to the development of online car_hailing . taking
   the operation of online car_hailing as the research object , this paper
   analyzes the relevant factors affecting the operation , and constructs an
   urban online car_hailing operation model according to the method of system
   dynamics . this paper simulates the actual operation of online car_hailing
   in luoyang , tests the feasibility and effectiveness of the model ,
   simulates the operation of online car_hailing in the environment of changing
   influencing factors , and puts forward suggestions for the development of
   the whole industry . 2022 ieee .
DE operation model; system dynamics; urban online car-hailing; vensim
   simulation
ID system theory; actual operation; luoyang; operations modeling; paper
   analysis; public demands; research object; system dynamics; taxi industry;
   urban online car-hailing; vensim simulation; taxicabs

---

UT 328
AR Tahsiri A, 2023, ENV DEV SUSTAIN, V25, P7299, DOI 10.1007/s10668-022-02323-5
TI A system dynamics model for a holistic analysis of urban NOx emissions: a
   case study of Tehran, Iran
AU Tahsiri A; Arab M
TC 1
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB nowadays , a big effort has been made to find the right solution strategy
   for controlling the complex , multidimensional and diverse problem of urban
   air pollution . however , despite good development in this area , academia
   and governance divisions are still investing the development with a reliable
   methodology for examining the full scope of the problem under real
   conditions . this paper thus proposes a system dynamic_based model that is
   capable of representing the full pattern of behavior of nox emission in
   metropolitan settings , dependent on a network of contributing factors . the
   study identifies five underlying interconnected subsystems , each of which
   potentially causes a significant level of nox pollution , and the
   consequence synergy , stemming from the operation of all subsystems together
   . these are : ( 1 ) the sector of the economy , ( 2 ) the population
   structure and changes , ( 3 ) urban transport operations , ( 4 ) the
   performance of industries and businesses sector , and ( 5 ) energy
   production level and method . the vensim software simulated the model using
   15 years of data from tehran_related activities . the simulation takes into
   account four different scenarios : ( a ) maintaining the existing trends in
   business and industries . ( b ) enhancing the energy sector ' s productivity
   . ( c ) improving the transport management system ' s efficiency . and ( d )
   a mixed scenario situation , applying the second ( b ) and the third ( c )
   scenarios simultaneously . 2022 , the author ( s ) , under exclusive license
   to springer nature b . v .
DE air pollution management; nox emission; system dynamics modeling; tehran;
   urban system; vensim software
ID iran; tehran [ iran ]; atmospheric pollution; emission; software; urban
   system; urban transport

---

UT 329
AR Xue P, 2024, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V14789 LNCS, P172, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-97-7184-4_15
TI Data-Driven Intervention Strategies for Mitigating Illegal Wildlife Trade: A
   Case Study of the United States
AU Xue P; Zhou T; Sun H/1; Song J/5; Guo X/1; Shao Z
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2024
AB given the escalating threat posed by illegal wildlife trade to global
   biodiversity and ecological equilibrium , this study endeavors to forecast
   the potential effects of a five_year , data_driven initiative on curbing
   illicit wildlife trade within the united states over the forthcoming
   half_decade . this paper establishes a complete system of evaluation
   indicators to assess the progress of the program , and establishes a system
   dynamics model based on vensim modeling and simulation to predict a 14 %
   increase in law enforcement after the implementation of the data_driven
   program . a weighted optimization model with arma and multiple linear
   regression weights was established to predict the volume of illegal wildlife
   trade in the next five to ten years with or without intervention , the
   weighted prediction model underwent optimization using the particle swarm
   algorithm , resulting in enhanced convergence speed and accuracy of the
   model ' s solution . the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer
   nature singapore pte ltd . 2024 .
DE evaluation index system; illegal wildlife trade; particle swarm algorithm;
   weighted optimization prediction
ID particle swarm optimization ( pso ); case-studies; data-driven; evaluation
   indices system; illegal wildlife trade; intervention strategy;
   optimizations; particle swarm algorithm; potential effects; weighted
   optimization prediction; wildlife trades; prediction models

---

UT 330
AR Mohammadi M, 2022, EDUC SELF DEV, V17, P86, DOI 10.26907/esd.17.2.09
TI Modeling the Dynamics of Knowledge Management in Educational Institutes: A
   System Dynamics Approach
AU Mohammadi M; Faskhodi AA
TC 8
SO EDUC SELF DEV
PY 2022
AB research problem . recently , being known as the most vital asset to as well
   as the capital of organizations , the issue of organizational knowledge
   creation has attracted a great deal of attention in several settings
   encompassing educational centers and institutions . not only may a
   high_quality capital account for the success of a given organization ,
   publishing its success stories , and consequently both clients ' and
   employees ' satisfaction , it can result in the escalation of scientific ,
   human , and financial resources . knowledge management has been defined as
   the process of discovering , acquiring , developing , maintaining ,
   evaluating , and applying the right knowledge at the right time by the right
   person in an organization through the creation of a link between human
   resources , information technology , and communication while creating a
   suitable structure for achieving organizational goals ( afrazeh , 2005 ) .
   similarly , hoffman , hoelscher , and sheriff ( 2005 ) described it as the
   process of creating and sharing knowledge in such a way that the results can
   be used effectively in the organization . in educational institutions also ,
   knowledge management is a systematic and organized process of creating and
   disseminating information , selecting , refining , and disseminating
   explicit as well as implicit knowledge , in order to create a unique value
   which can be used to strengthen the learning and teaching environment (
   gonzalez and martins , 2017 ) . having probed into the relevant literature ,
   we realize that in many studies ( jashpara , 2004 . messa and testa , 2004 .
   newman and conrad , 2000 ) knowledge management includes four general
   processes : knowledge creation , knowledge retention , knowledge sharing ,
   and knowledge application . purpose of the study : in this research , using
   the system dynamics method , a model is proposed to identify the effective
   factors in the knowledge management cycle in an educational center . then ,
   the effectiveness of the identified factors over time is simulated and the
   changes in the behavior of the institute , which are the result of the
   changes in the behavior of the staff as well as capabilities and tendencies
   , are observable . this study attempts to identify the most influential
   factors in the knowledge management process using the presented dynamic
   model and by examining the factors . the levers suggest appropriate
   operations to focus on these factors . research method : this is applied
   research that is conducted using the system dynamics approach introduced by
   sterman ( 2000 ) . this approach is used to represent the status quo of a
   system and its changes in the future . identifying and problematizing the
   main issue through studying related works and interviewing twenty_eight
   experts in the field using a semi_structured researcher_made survey .
   creating dynamic hypotheses and drawing the because_effect diagrams and the
   flow diagram . using vensim software to simulate the mod , and finally ,
   sensitivity analysis was the stages followed respectively . the results of
   this study showed that by implementing the knowledge management process in
   the institute , the performance of the teaching personnel increased in an
   s_shaped manner . the experience improved exponentially , and the
   family_student contentment improved which would consequently result in
   organization growth . finally , the researchers presented and analyzed two
   proposed policies . 2022 , kazan federal university . all rights reserved .
DE knowledge management; performance; simulation; system dynamics; teacher
   performance; knowledge building

---

UT 331
AR Monjezi S, 2022, J STRAT SEDIMENTOL RES, V38, P67, DOI
   10.22108/jssr.2021.129789.1209
TI Simulation of salinity distribution due to the active salt karst in Gotvand
   Dam using system dynamics and determination of the parameters influencing
   salinity amount
AU Monjezi S; Momeni M; Najarchi M; Monjezi N; Hassuninezade H
TC 0
SO J STRAT SEDIMENTOL RES
PY 2022
AB an important issue in the operation of the gotvand reservoir is the presence
   of salt formation in this reservoir . the present study has sought to
   identify whether it is possible to modify the operation curve of the gotvand
   dam to reduce the destructive effects of the anbal salt dome and increase
   the operation of this reservoir . to achieve this goal , the performance of
   the gotvand dam reservoir was modeled from the time it was used ( from
   august 2011 to march 2017 ) , as well as the behavior of active salt karstic
   activi ty inside the reservoir with the dynamic system tools . the results
   showed that during the simulation period , the average amount of corrosion
   of the salt dome in contact with the reservoir water was 20.1 cm per day .
   besides , 43.72 million tons of salt has been accumulated in the reservoir .
   analysis of the results showed that 39 % of the reservoir salinity is due to
   the dissolution of the salt formation . the rest of the salinity enters the
   reservoir with the upstream runoff . based on the results of sensitivity
   analysis , changes in water level in the reservoir is the most important
   factor determining the salinity distribution parameters in the reservoir and
   the best remaining solution to reduce the effects of the salt dome inside
   the gotvand reservoir is to implement the curve of the optimal use of the
   reservoir for water released through the gotvand dam and the upstream basin
   of this dam . 2022 monjezi s . , momeni m . , monjezi m . , monjezi n . ,
   and hassonizade , h . .
DE quality management; reservoir operation; vensim; water withdrawal from
   different layers of the reservoir

---

UT 332
AR Robles C, 2022, REV ING CONSTR, V37, P185, DOI 10.7764/RIC.00025.21
TI Material supply planning and management model for social housing projects in
   a construction company; [Modelo de planeación y gestión del suministro de
   materiales para proyectos de vivienda de interés social en una constructora]
AU Robles C; Rangel E; Sánchez N
TC 3
SO REV ING CONSTR
PY 2022
AB this article addresses the development of a model for the material supply
   planning and management in the construction industry , using system dynamics
   , supported by ahp supplier selection methods , evaluation and monitoring
   with abc classification , all mediated by vensim data analysis software .
   the supply management in the construction industry is studied and analyzed
   based on a collaborative model between suppliers and builders , under the
   cpfr model and the integration of the last planner system , which
   contributes to optimize the use of resources that allow completing all
   social interest housing ( vis ) construction projects . the model simulates
   the impact and performance produced in the collaborative system , compliance
   with planning and profitability in vis projects , appropriate selection ,
   and supplier evaluation and monitoring . finally , this model allows those
   who make strategic decisions in vis projects to identify the most critical
   variables , assess their contribution , and make the right decisions to
   eliminate waste due to waiting time . 2022 potificia universidad catolica de
   chile . all rights reserved .
DE collaborative logistics; construction company; last planner system;
   provider; social interest housing ( vis ); supplier; supply

---

UT 333
AR Chai N, 2022, TRANSP POLIC, V125, P267, DOI 10.1016/j.tranpol.2022.05.002
TI Safety evaluation of urban rail transit operation considering uncertainty
   and risk preference: A case study in China
AU Chai N; Zhou W; Hu X
TC 26
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2022
AB safety evaluation of urban rail transit ( urt ) operation can not only have
   a great impact on passenger travel options , but is also related to planning
   of urban development . the evaluation results of urt operational safety are
   important for transit operators and passengers . in this study , we develop
   an integrated multi_stage evaluation framework to assess urt operation from
   the perspective of safety , which considers information uncertainty of key
   influence factors ( kifs ) , and risk preference of decision_makers ( dms )
   . firstly , to identify and select kifs , this study makes systematic
   analysis of impacts on urt operational safety from five aspects : passengers
   , management , equipment , environment , and disaster respectively . vensim
   software is used to build a stock flow model based on system dynamics method
   , and a two_level index system for assessing urt operational safety is
   established . secondly , dms ' weights are specified based on interval
   valued triangular fuzzy ( ivtf ) _topsis method , and ivtf_ahp_entropy is
   introduced to determine the combined weight of each indicator . thirdly , an
   s_shaped utility function under ivtf environment is developed to get the
   ranking order of research objects , and operational safety levels are
   determined based on cloud model . finally , changsha subway network is
   selected as a case study to test our proposed evaluation framework , and
   some related suggestions for operators and managers have been put forward in
   the future . 2022
DE cloud model; ivtf-ahp-entropy; ivtf-topsis; operational safety evaluation;
   s-shaped utility function; urban rail transit
ID china; analytical hierarchy process; model; multicriteria analysis; railway
   transport; transportation safety; uncertainty analysis; urban transport

---

UT 334
AR Qian L, 2025, ATMOSPHERE, V16, DOI 10.3390/atmos16080978
TI Dynamic Risk Assessment of Collapse Geological Hazards on Highway Slopes in
   Basalt Regions During Rainy Seasons
AU Qian L; Zhao P/1; Li Z/2
TC 0
SO ATMOSPHERE
PY 2025
AB anchored in the four_factor theory of natural hazard risk , this study
   presents a dynamic risk assessment of collapse geological hazards ( cghs )
   using the s3k highway slope in changbai korean autonomous county , china ,
   as a case study . building on previous research , the methodological
   framework consists of three sequential stages : ( 1 ) critical indicators
   for cghs in basalt regions are identified , with iron_staining anomalies_a
   hallmark of such terrains_innovatively integrated as a slope stability
   metric . ( 2 ) a system dynamics ( sd ) model is developed in vensim to
   quantify dynamic feedback mechanisms , focusing on the ' ' rock
   weatheringrainfall triggeringslope instability ' ' nexus , and time_varying
   parameters are introduced to enable monthly_scale risk prediction . and ( 3
   ) a 500 m 500 m grid system is established using arcgis 10.4 , and a
   computer program is developed to achieve sd_gis coupling and calculate grid
   parameters . the information value method is then employed to determine risk
   thresholds , thereby completing cgh risk assessment and prediction . the
   results indicate that over the next five years , high_risk areas will
   exhibit spatial agglomeration when monthly rainfall exceeds approximately
   130 mm ( july and august ) . conversely , when monthly rainfall is below
   around 60 mm , the entire region will display low or no risk . model
   simulations reveal that risks during the rainy season over the next five
   years will exhibit insignificant variability , prompting simplification of
   the resultant cartography . field validation corroborates the robustness of
   the model . this research overcomes the primary limitations of conventional
   static assessment models by improving the dynamic predictability and the
   applicability to basalt terrains . the integrated sd_gis framework presents
   a novel methodological paradigm for dynamic cgh risk analysis and offers
   support for the formulation of targeted disaster mitigation strategies .
   2025 by the authors .
DE collapse geological hazards; dynamic risk assessment; geographic information
   system; system dynamics
ID china; disasters; feedback; geographic information systems; geology;
   hazards; maps; rain; risk analysis; risk assessment; slope protection; slope
   stability; system stability; system theory; weathering; collapse geological
   hazard; dynamic risk assessments; geographic information; geological
   hazards; highway slopes; monthly rainfalls; natural hazard; rainy seasons;
   risk predictions; system dynamics; collapse; disaster management; geological
   hazard; gis; rainfall; risk assessment; slope; basalt

---

UT 335
AR Its AE, 2023, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V460 LNNS, P640, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-20875-1_59
TI Management of Migration Flows of a Megapolis as a Cyber-Physical System
AU Its AE; Its TA; Redko SG; Surina AV
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2023
AB complex socio_economic processes and rapid changes lead to the fact that
   modern cities , which are complex systems , can not withstand numerous
   challenges without using a new management model that will allow flexible
   adaptation to changing external conditions . the ' ' smart city ' ' concept
   is one of the most demanded models for managing a modern megapolis . this
   concept is based on several key points . sustainable migration management is
   essential . migration modeling is a reliable tool for managing a megapolis
   as a complex socio_technical system . various models of migration are known
   , but from a practical point of view , simulation models that take into
   account the impact of migration on the sustainable development of a
   megapolis are of the greatest interest . the aim of the study is to develop
   a system_dynamic model for managing the migration flows of a metropolis ,
   which will significantly improve the quality and efficiency of its
   sustainable development . for its formation the package ithink 9.1.3 is used
   . the model was verified on statistical data about migration flows of st .
   petersburg . 2023 , the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer
   nature switzerland ag .
DE cyber-physical system; digital economy; management; megapolis; migration
   process; smart city; system dynamics

---

UT 336
AR Muhammad S, 2023, INT J GLOB ENV ISS, V22, P121, DOI
   10.1504/IJGENVI.2023.134045
TI Application of system dynamics for the sustainable management of solid waste
   in urban areas of Pakistan
AU Muhammad S; Kauser F; Raza A; Hassan I; Janjua S
TC 1
SO INT J GLOB ENV ISS
PY 2023
AB environmental problems , especially related to solid waste management , are
   a growing concern for every developing country , including pakistan . rapid
   population growth has significantly increased the levels of solid waste
   pollution , and the situation continues to worsen with every passing day .
   the technical , financial , environmental , and social elements involved in
   the management of solid waste systems are interconnected , resulting in
   several interacting feedback loops , thus making solid waste management a
   complex and dynamic problem . this research aims to develop an integrated
   system dynamics ( sd ) framework for the sustainable management of solid
   waste . the sd model is developed based on a detailed causal loop diagram
   prepared for the management of solid waste using stella software . different
   strategies are formulated by including the policy levers in the model . the
   simulation results show that different financing strategies undertaken by
   the management can result in varying impacts for the consumers regarding
   collection efficiency and financial burden . copyright 2023 inderscience
   enterprises ltd .
DE pakistan; policy levers; simulation; solid waste management; stella
   software; sustainability; system dynamics
ID pakistan; environmental issue; municipal solid waste; pollution policy;
   population growth; simulation; sustainability; waste management

---

UT 337
AR Tseng C-H, 2021, HELIYON, V7, DOI 10.1016/j.heliyon.2021.e08361
TI Development of a system dynamics model for dioxin flow and its application
   to the energy sector
AU Tseng C-H; Chen L-L; Su S-M
TC 2
SO HELIYON
PY 2021
AB dioxin pollution has been problematic in taiwan . although the government
   has established emission standards and emission inventory to control dioxin
   pollution , such efforts only apply to pollution emissions . no attempt has
   been made to understand the flow of dioxins in different environmental media
   . in this study , the stella software was used to model the flow pattern of
   dioxins in various media . this model and the raidar model established by
   the canadian environmental model research center were used to simulate
   dioxin flow in taiwan , and their results were compared with the measured
   values . the accuracies of the raidar and stella models were 63.92 % and
   49.78 % , respectively . this shows that the simulation with the stella
   model provided results closer to the measured values and that the error was
   less than ten times that of the raidar model , indicating that the proposed
   model is predictive . in addition , we used the results of a system dynamics
   model for dioxin flow and an air resource co_benefits ( arcob ) model to
   apply the obtained results to the energy sector to quantify the co_benefits
   of reducing dioxin , greenhouse gas , and air pollutant emissions on the
   basis of the policy target for the year 2030 . the total co_benefits of
   natural gas and renewable energy ( re ) scenarios were us $ 9.63 billion and
   us $ 12.57 billion , respectively . the benefit_cost ratios were 2.89 and
   20.67 , respectively . the development of an re policy as an alternative to
   a coal_fired power generation policy will contribute to the best co_benefits
   of integrated reductions and will also contribute to human health . 2021
DE arcob model; co-benefit; dioxin flow; energy sector; stella; system dynamics
   model

---

UT 338
AR Andrade-Arenas L, 2022, INDONES J ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI, V28, P396, DOI
   10.11591/ijeecs.v28.i1.pp396-404
TI Simulation with system dynamics on university student research
AU Andrade-Arenas L; Nuñez DL; Delgado A
TC 1
SO INDONES J ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI
PY 2022
AB currently , student research at the university under study is carried out
   from the first semesters until the student graduates , but it is necessary
   to make adjustments to its guidelines that include student research within a
   teaching_learning process . the objective of the research is to propose a
   model of student research , using causal diagrams and forrester diagram .
   then carry out a simulation of the projection from 2021 to 2026 with the
   variables , students , quality teachers in the research , completed work for
   publication in journal or conference . and thus index in scopus or web of
   science . besides , in the methodological part , the systems dynamics method
   was applied , based on the systemic approach . the research work is
   predictive , which was carried out with the vensim software , obtaining as a
   result of the simulation , an increase in the production of complete works
   by the students . where in 2026 around 300 articles will be published by the
   students . in addition , there will be about 12 full_time quality research
   professors and approximately 6,000 students in 2026 . the conclusion reached
   in the research is that the model helps the authorities make decisions
   appropriately according to the forecasts made in the different scenarios
   made with the vensim software . 2022 institute of advanced engineering and
   science . all rights reserved .
DE causal diagrams; research teachers; simulation; student research; system
   dynamics

---

UT 339
AR [Anonymous], 2025, PROC - IEEE TECHNOL INT SEMIN ITIS, P220, DOI
   10.1109/ITIS67966.2025.11308791
TI A System Dynamics Model of User Acceptance in Higher Education: Simulating
   TAM Constructs with Vensim
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE TECHNOL INT SEMIN ITIS
PY 2025
AB the acceptance from the end_user of university information systems is an
   important factor for successful implementation and long_term use . while the
   technology acceptance model ( tam ) has been widely applied to examine this
   issue . the majority of applications are designed statically , thus failing
   to account for the shifting relationships between behavioral constructs over
   time . this paper introduces the use of a system dynamics methodology to
   represent and simulate the components of tam within the higher education
   setting . using vensim , a model was developed based on key variables such
   as perceived usefulness , perceived ease of use , attitude toward use ,
   behavioral intention , and actual use . two scenarios were simulated :
   baseline adoption without intervention , and adoption with a training_based
   intervention aimed at improving perceived ease of use . the simulation
   highlights that implementing intervention at the right time greatly
   accelerates adoption rates . through this study , it is demonstrated that
   system dynamics serves as a valuable tool for providing insights that
   support strategic and policy decisions in implementing digital systems in
   university . 2025 ieee .
DE system dynamics; tam; user acceptance; vensim
ID behavioral research; dynamics; information use; end-users; high educations;
   modeling construct; perceived ease-of-use; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; technology acceptance model; university information systems; users
   acceptance; vensim; system theory

---

UT 340
AR Xue G, 2023, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12709, DOI 10.1117/12.2685655
TI Green Certificate Trading and Electricity Market Synergy Modelling with
   Renewable Energy Quotas
AU Xue G; Wu Y/2; Niu W; Chen C; Zhu X/2; Tan J
TC 1
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2023
AB with the continuous promotion of china ' s dual carbon target and the
   construction of a new power system , the green certificate market and the
   power market are facing the problem of coordination and integration , which
   will have a great impact on the power supply structure of china . this paper
   considers the development demand and trend of tradable green certificates (
   tgc ) market , constructs a coupling model of tgc market and electricity
   market based on system dynamics , and uses vensim software to simulate the
   impact of renewable energy quota and other factors on china ' s power supply
   structure . the results show that there is a mutually reinforcing
   relationship between the green certificate market and the electricity market
   , and their synergistic development has a positive impact on the
   restructuring of china ' s power supply , among which the renewable energy
   quota target is the key influencing factor . 2023 spie .
DE green certificate exchange market; power structure; system dynamics
ID electric industry; image processing; system theory; carbon targets; exchange
   markets; green certificate exchange market; green certificate market; green
   certificates; power structures; power supply; renewable energies; system
   dynamics; tradable green certificates; power markets

---

UT 341
AR Apriadi BF, 2024, WASTE MANAG RES, V42, P1008, DOI 10.1177/0734242X241231396
TI Policy scenario of plastic waste mitigation in Indonesia using system
   dynamics
AU Apriadi BF; Setiawan RP; Firmansyah I
TC 14
SO WASTE MANAG RES
PY 2024
AB plastic waste has become a major contributor to global environmental
   pollution . some of the environmental impacts of plastic waste include
   littering , the formation of plastic debris in oceans and the contamination
   of freshwater and terrestrial habitats . policymakers face great challenges
   in mitigating plastic waste . indonesia is considered the second largest
   contributor of plastic waste in the world . however , existing policies have
   not addressed this issue . policies , such as bans on single_use plastic
   bags and fees on plastic bags , have recently been implemented in some pilot
   cities , but the results remain unclear . thus , this study proposes
   feasible policies to mitigate plastic waste in indonesia using system
   dynamics . specifically , this study seeks to develop a dynamic model of
   plastic waste mitigation and to propose a policy scenario for plastic waste
   mitigation . the proposed policies consist of a plastic bag ban , a plastic
   bag fee , a recycling center and extended producer responsibility ( epr ) .
   the analysis demonstrates that an effective mixed policy instrument for
   reducing plastic waste depends on the plastic waste type . regarding plastic
   bottles , the effective mixed policy is a combination of a recycling center
   and epr . for plastic bags , the effective mixed policies include the
   following combinations : a plastic bag fee and plastic bag ban , a plastic
   bag fee and recycling center and a plastic bag ban and recycling center .
   the author ( s ) 2024 .
DE mitigation; mixed policy; plastic waste; policy scenario; system dynamics
ID environmental pollution; indonesia; models theoretical; plastics; recycling;
   refuse disposal; solid waste; waste management; environmental impact;
   plastic recycling; system theory; plastic; environmental pollutions;
   extended producer responsibility; indonesia; mitigation; mixed policy;
   plastic bags; plastic debris; plastics waste; policy scenario; system
   dynamics; plastic waste; policy analysis; recycling; scenario analysis;
   source apportionment; waste management; waste treatment; article; behavior;
   causal loop diagram; dynamics; environmental mitigation; environmental
   protection; extended  producer  responsibility; freshwater environment;
   indonesia; plastic  waste  submodel; plastic consumption submodel; plastic
   pricing mechanism policy; plastic recycling policy; plastic waste; policy;
   policy scenario; price; recycling; recycling  industry  submodel;
   responsibility; simulation; single use  plastic  bag   ban policy; stock and
   flow diagram; system dynamics; validation process; waste management;
   economics; pollution; prevention and control; procedures; recycling; solid
   waste; theoretical model; waste disposal; waste management; plastic bottles

---

UT 342
AR Bastan M, 2024, KYBERNETES, V53, P5325, DOI 10.1108/K-07-2022-0981
TI Resilient banking: model-based assessment of business continuity policies on
   commercial banks
AU Bastan M; Tavakkoli-Moghaddam R; Bozorgi-Amiri A
TC 4
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2024
AB purpose : commercial banks face several risks , including credit , liquidity
   , operational and disruptive risks . in addition to these risks that are
   challenging for banks to control and manage , crises and disasters can exert
   substantially more destructive shocks . these shocks can exacerbate internal
   risks and because severe damage to the bank ' s performance , leading banks
   to bankruptcy and closure . this study aims to facilitate achieving
   resilient banking policies through a model_based assessment of business
   continuity management ( bcm ) policies . design / methodology / approach :
   by applying a system dynamics ( sd ) methodology , a systemic model that
   includes a causal structure of the banking business is presented . to build
   a simulation model , data are collected from a commercial bank in iran . by
   presenting the simulation model of the bank ' s business , the consequences
   of some given crises on the bank ' s performance are tested , and the
   effectiveness of risk and crisis management policies is evaluated . vensim
   personal learning edition ( ple ) software is used to construct the
   simulation model . findings : results indicate that the current bcm policies
   do not show appropriate resilience in the face of various crises .
   commercial banks can not create sustainable value for the banks '
   shareholders despite the possibility of profitability , as the shareholders
   lack adequate resilience and soundness . these commercial banks do not have
   the appropriate resilience for the next pandemic after coronavirus disease
   2019 ( covid_19 ) . moreover , the robustness of the current banking
   business model is very fragile for the banking run crisis . practical
   implications : a forward_looking view of resilient banking can be obtained
   by combining liquidity coverage , stable funding , capital adequacy and
   insights from stress tests . resilient banking requires a balanced
   combination of robustness , soundness and profitability . originality /
   value : the present study is a combination of bank business management ,
   risk and resilience management and sd simulation . this approach can analyze
   and simulate the dynamics of bank resilience . additionally , present of a
   decision support system ( dss ) to analyze and simulate the outcomes of
   different crisis management policies and solutions is an innovative approach
   to developing effective and resilient banking policies . 2023 , emerald
   publishing limited .
DE capital adequacy; liquidity coverage; organizational resilience; resilient
   banking; risk management; stable funding; system dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; computer software; decision support systems;
   profitability; risk assessment; system theory; capital adequacies;
   commercial bank; fundings; liquidity coverage; organizational;
   organizational resilience; resilient banking; risks management; stable
   funding; system dynamics; risk management

---

UT 343
AR Wang G/1, 2022, IEEE ENG MANAG REV, V50, P113, DOI 10.1109/EMR.2022.3145566
TI Simulation Analysis of Dynamic Feedback Correlation Between Advanced
   Manufacturing Technology (AMT) and Product Innovation Performance
AU Wang G/1; Zhang L/4
TC 7
SO IEEE ENG MANAG REV
PY 2022
AB based on the method of system dynamics , analyzing the causal relationship
   among variables in the ' advanced manufacturing technology ( amt ) _product
   innovation ' system , this article constructs the system dynamics model of
   dynamic evolution between amt and product innovation and uses vensim
   personal learing edition ( ple ) for simulation . the simulation analysis
   provided four major conclusions . first , the impact of amt on the product
   innovation performance is characterized by dynamic changes . the initial
   implementation of amt exerts a short_term inhibiting effect . however , it
   provides medium_and long_term benefits that occur 50_plus months after
   adoption . second , the enhancement of the single dimension of design ,
   manufacturing , and administrative amt exerts a positive impact on knowledge
   absorptive capacity and product innovation performance . however , the
   impact of design amt is the most noticeable . third , the design ,
   manufacturing , and administrative amts are complementary , and the product
   innovation benefit of combining multidimensional amt is most apparent . the
   synergistic effect produced by it can markedly enhance the product
   innovation performance compared with one_dimensional amt . finally , prior
   technical level and organizational learning willingness positively moderate
   the correlation between amt and product innovation . however , compared with
   the prior technical level , organizational learning willingness exerts a
   more notable moderating effect on the product innovation performance .
   1973_2011 ieee .
DE advanced manufacturing technology ( amt ); organizational learning
   willingness; prior technical level; product innovation performance; system
   dynamics
ID engineering education; knowledge based systems; knowledge management;
   product design; system theory; advanced manufacturing technologies;
   correlation; innovation performance; knowledge based systems; organizational
   learning; organizational learning willingness; prior technical level;
   product innovation; product innovation performance; technical levels;
   technological innovation; manufacture

---

UT 344
AR Tong D, 2025, HERNIA, V29, DOI 10.1007/s10029-025-03348-1
TI System dynamics modeling to predict hospitalization costs in adults with
   inguinal hernia: a single-centre study
AU Tong D; Liu X/10; Shen Y
TC 0
SO HERNIA
PY 2025
AB background : this research aims to develop a novel methodology and provide
   innovative insights for accurately forecasting hospitalization expenses by
   developing an appropriate system dynamics model to predict hospital costs
   and simulate future trends . the findings are meant to serve as a guide for
   creating effective policies and measures to curb the growth in
   hospitalization costs . methods : we selected adults who had inguinal hernia
   surgery at beijing chaoyang hospital from january 2015 to december 2023
   according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria . we identified the
   primary factors that influence hospitalization costs and conceptualized them
   as interconnected subsystems within the broader hospitalization cost system
   . we develop a system dynamics model of hospitalization costs using the
   stock_flow tree modeling framework based on flow_rate variables . results :
   this study included a total of 23,696 adult patients who had inguinal hernia
   surgery . the simulation results for the period 2016 to 2033 were generated
   by running the model in vensim simulation software . the forecast for 2033
   predicts that hospitalization costs for adult inguinal hernia patients at
   beijing chaoyang hospital will reach 81.28 million rmb . the number of
   surgeries will rise to 7,913 , with 65 % ( 5,104 surgeries ) being
   outpatient procedures . the average cost per hospitalization will be
   10,271.35 rmb . the elderly population among surgical patients is expected
   to increase to 5,323. for every 1,000 laparoscopic surgeries , 454 will be
   performed . for every 1,000 surgeries , 437 will involve the use of
   degradable mesh implants . the number of patients with severe comorbidities
   is expected to reach 6,403 , and medication costs are forecasted to be 1.44
   million rmb . conclusions : the system dynamics model for hospitalization
   costs effectively captures the relationships between multiple influencing
   factors and hospital expenses . the model ' s reliability and predictive
   results ' credibility are indicated by the high alignment between simulated
   historical data and actual historical values . hospitalization costs are
   projected to increase annually , while per capita hospitalization costs are
   expected to decrease . factors such as an aging population , improved cost
   control policies , and the promotion of outpatient surgeries exert
   significant influence in this trend . the author ( s ) , under exclusive
   license to springer_verlag france sas , part of springer nature 2025 .
DE hospitalization costs; inguinal hernia; prediction; simulation; system
   dynamics
ID adult; aged; china; female; forecasting; hernia inguinal; herniorrhaphy;
   hospital costs; hospitalization; humans; male; middle aged; models economic;
   adult; aged; aging; ambulatory surgery; american society of
   anaesthesiologists score; article; china; comorbidity; controlled study;
   cost; cost control; drug cost; female; flow rate; forecasting; health care
   cost; hospital cost; hospitalization; hospitalization cost; human; inguinal
   hernia; laparoscopic surgery; major clinical study; male; prediction;
   reliability; simulation; surgical patient; treatment outcome; economic
   model; economics; herniorrhaphy; hospital cost; hospitalization; inguinal
   hernia; middle aged; surgery

---

UT 345
AR Perwitasari DA, 2025, INF MED UNLOCKED, V59, DOI 10.1016/j.imu.2025.101714
TI Dynamic system of tuberculosis elimination modelling in Indonesia: A study
   in Kuningan, West Java, Indonesia
AU Perwitasari DA; Faridah IN; Casnan C; Nurjanah N; Listiana I; Ristiono H;
   Ramadhani J
TC 0
SO INF MED UNLOCKED
PY 2025
AB tuberculosis ( tb ) remains a major public health burden in indonesia ,
   which currently ranks second worldwide in tb incidence . this study aimed to
   develop and validate a dynamic systems model to simulate tb elimination
   strategies at the district level in kuningan , west java . we conducted a
   cross_sectional study involving 30 tb patients , complemented with
   retrospective data from ciniru health center , the national tb surveillance
   system ( sitb ) , and minimal standard of services ( 20192023 ) .
   patient_level data were collected using structured questionnaires on
   adherence , beliefs , and knowledge , as well as household environmental
   assessments . a system dynamics model was constructed using powersim studio
   10 academic to simulate the transmission and control of tb . model
   validation against historical data showed strong predictive accuracy (
   absolute mean error < 5 % ) . simulation of two scenarios_moderate and
   extreme_revealed substantial differences in outcomes by 2040 . under the
   moderate scenario , improvements in lifestyle , nutrition , and adherence
   reduced the number of tb cases from 82 to 55 , and suspects treated
   decreased from 702 to 614. under the extreme scenario , further reductions
   were observed , with tb cases declining to 10 and suspects treated to 612.
   key determinants influencing tb burden included nutrition , lifestyle ,
   household environment , and management of drug side effects . this dynamic
   modeling framework provides valuable insights for localized tb control
   strategies . it emphasizes that elimination efforts should go beyond
   biomedical interventions by addressing behavioral , environmental , and
   psychosocial determinants . the model offers a practical tool to guide
   district_level planning and supports the national tb elimination agenda .
   2025 the authors .
DE elimination; indonesia; public health center; system dynamics model;
   tuberculosis
ID tuberculostatic agent; adolescent; adult; adverse drug reaction; aged;
   article; attitude to health; child; clinical article; control strategy;
   controlled study; cross-sectional study; demographics; dietary intake;
   environment; environmental factor; female; health behavior; health belief;
   health education; household; human; indonesia; latent tuberculosis;
   lifestyle modification; male; patient compliance; patient experience;
   predictive value; public health service; social behavior; social psychology;
   structured questionnaire; tuberculosis; unspecified side effect

---

UT 346
AR Gao Y-N, 2021, GONGKU JIAOTONG KEJI, V38, P96, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1002-0268.2021.03.013
TI A System Dynamics Model and Simulation of Policy for Urban Traffic System
   under Low Carbon Economy; [低碳经济下城市交通系统动力学模型及政策仿真]
AU Gao Y-N; Hao Q
TC 12
SO GONGKU JIAOTONG KEJI
PY 2021
AB with the adjustment of chinese economic development mode , people are paying
   more and more attention to a series of environmental pollution problems
   caused by transport . the modern transport system in the new era is
   gradually developing toward resource saving and green circulation . under
   the background of vigorously developing low_carbon economy , how to develop
   low_carbon transport has become the main research direction . based on the
   in_depth study of the evolution process of the interaction between urban
   traffic congestion and environmental pollution , the influences of urban
   population and gdp , vehicle ownership , traffic infrastructure construction
   , public transport ownership , management level and traffic policy on the
   development of urban low_carbon transport are analyzed from the aspects of
   government decision_making , population , vehicles and economy . the model
   of urban low_carbon transport system affected by policy is constructed by
   using the method of system dynamics . taking harbin for example , combining
   with the specific situation of urban development , the effects of different
   traffic management policies in restraining traffic carbon emissions and
   urban congestion are analyzed by using vensim ple software . to reduce the
   carbon emissions of urban traffic and ensure the optimal urban traffic
   efficiency , the optimization suggestions are proposed , and the urban
   transport development mode for harbin under the background of low_carbon
   economy is explored . the result shows that ( 1 ) the policy of traffic
   restriction and new energy vehicle subsidy can effectively alleviate traffic
   congestion and reduce exhaust emissions . ( 2 ) the reform policy of traffic
   supply side can solve the problem of traffic congestion . ( 3 ) improving
   the level of traffic management can alleviate exhaust emissions and road
   congestion . ( 4 ) adopting flexible and effective traffic management
   policies and improving the level of traffic management will help to reduce
   traffic congestion , reduce emissions of polluting gasses , and realize the
   balance among traffic , population , economy and environment . 2021
   editorial department of journal of highway and transportation research and
   development . all rights reserved .
DE low carbon transport; policy; system dynamics; urban traffic; urban
   transportation system

---

UT 347
AR Lagarda‐leyva EA, 2021, APPL SCI, V11, DOI 10.3390/app11177938
TI System dynamics and lean approach: Development of a technological solution
   in a regional product packaging company
AU Lagarda‐leyva EA
TC 11
SO APPL SCI
PY 2021
AB this study was performed in a regional product marketing company located in
   ciudad obregon , sonora , mexico , where a problem was detected in empirical
   decisionmaking due to their recent incorporation into the market . thus ,
   the objective of this study is the shelfproduct production link , where the
   interest is in knowing the behavior of the main variables that influence the
   system . system dynamics methodology follows six steps : ( 1 ) map the
   process under study with the value stream map ( vsm ) . ( 2 ) create a
   causal diagram . ( 3 ) elaborate the forrester diagram and equations . ( 4 )
   validate the current model . ( 5 ) simulate scenarios . ( 6 ) create the
   graphical user interface . the main results were the design of the scenarios
   starting from a robust system dynamics model , three scenarios , and the
   graphical interface . for this purpose , stella architect software was used
   as it has special attributes to create a graphical user interface .
   furthermore , all the elements of the vsm were added under the lean startup
   approach . significantly , the inadequate management of the materials was
   detected , which is why the recommendation was to separate the packaging of
   dry and cold products to care for food innocuousness and the cold chain .
   likewise , processing time decreased , reducing material transfer , which
   was detected by applying a future vsm based on the lean startup methodology
   . the technological solution in this study is a contribution based on social
   sciences and mathematics ( nonlinear equations ) using dynamics simulation
   to observe the complexity of system behavior . 2021 by the authors .
   licensee mdpi , basel , switzerland .
DE logistics; scenarios; simulation; supply chain; system dynamics; value
   stream map

---

UT 348
AR Retuerto MG, 2021, INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL, V12, P537, DOI
   10.14569/IJACSA.2021.0120762
TI System Dynamics Modeling for Solid Waste Management in Lima Peru
AU Retuerto MG; Espinoza DY; Andrade-Arenas L
TC 11
SO INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL
PY 2021
AB this research work focuses on environmental care based on the treatment of
   solid , organic and inorganic waste . these inappropriate wastes because
   deterioration of the environment and the ozone layer . this is why we are
   currently seeing an abrupt change in climate and diseases caused by
   environmental pollution . the objective of the research work is to perform a
   system dynamics modeling for effective and efficient solid waste management
   in lima peru , and thus contribute to the scientific community to achieve a
   future vision for solid waste management . the methodology used was system
   dynamics , which made it possible to analyze and understand the behavior of
   a complex solid waste system in a given time . in addition , vensim software
   was used for system dynamics modeling , creating the causal diagram and
   forrester diagram for solid waste management . the results obtained are the
   system dynamics modeling proposed for solid waste management , which were
   modeled from 2020 to 2030 , where by 2030 it will be reduced in favorable
   equilibrium to 23,066 tons . thanks to this system dynamics modeling ,
   society will be made aware of the need to sort and use solid waste , in
   order to reduce environmental pollution . likewise , having a healthy
   environment that will benefit health , agriculture and education will
   benefit society as a whole . 2021 . all rights reserved .
DE causal diagram; environmental pollution; forrester diagram; systems
   dynamics; vensim
ID climate change; pollution; solid wastes; system theory; waste treatment;
   causal diagram; environmental pollutions; forrester diagrams; inorganic
   waste; scientific community; solid organic waste; solid waste management;
   system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; vensim; deterioration

---

UT 349
AR Zhang C, 2021, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12058, DOI 10.1117/12.2619895
TI Analysis on the Impact of Vehicle Pollutant Emission Control based on System
   Dynamics
AU Zhang C
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2021
AB as china ' s social and economic level is developing rapidly , vehicles have
   become a necessity in daily life . however , with the continuous growth of
   the number of vehicles , the problem of vehicle exhaust pollution become
   increasingly serious in recent years . as the capital of china , beijing has
   always been at the forefront of the country in terms of car ownership with a
   high growth rate every year . it can be said that vehicle exhaust has become
   a very important source of air pollution in beijing . this paper will start
   from the perspective of government management . first of all , it analyzes
   the macro factors of vehicle pollutant emissions , and introduces the
   policies formulated by beijing municipal government for the control of
   pollutant emissions . then , the causal relationship between these factors
   is described , and the system flow diagram is drawn according to the causal
   relationship diagram . finally , the vensim is used to simulate the system
   flow chart and analyze the sensitivity of key factors . this paper holds
   that the beijing government ' s restrictions on traffic and purchase play an
   important role in regulating pollutant emissions . at the same time , this
   paper also puts forward other measures and suggestions to control tail gas
   emission . 2021 spie
DE policy management; restriction number policy; travel restriction policy;
   vehicle exhaust
ID decision making; decision theory; emission control; flowcharting; graphic
   methods; public policy; causal relationships; policy management; pollutant
   emissions control; pollutants emissions; restriction number policy;
   restriction policy; system flow; travel restriction policy; travel
   restrictions; vehicle exhausts; vehicles

---

UT 350
AR Yang JS, 2023, INDIAN J FISH, V70, P18, DOI 10.21077/ijf.2023.70.4.135615-02
TI The ecological footprint study of marine fisheries in Liaoning Province of
   China based on system dynamics
AU Yang JS; Pan XW; Yin ZQ; Cui JR; Sun PQ; Gu HF; Li JX; Wang Y/5; Xu M/2
TC 4
SO INDIAN J FISH
PY 2023
AB since the end of the 20th century , with the rapid development of the marine
   economy , the marine environment of liaoning province in china was under
   tremendous pressure and the fishery resources have been in serious decline .
   the marine fishing output of liaoning province was reduced from 1.502107 t
   in 2000 to 5.244106 t in 2018 . using stella software as the modeling
   platform , we followed the basic steps of system dynamics modeling ( sd
   model ) , combined with the principle of ecological footprint of fisheries
   to establish the sd model of ecological footprint of fisheries in liaoning
   province of china , and applied the fuzzy evaluation method to
   comprehensively evaluate the ecological carrying capacity of liaoning marine
   area . the results show that marine fishery resources in liaoning province
   have been in ecological deficit and unsustainable development . the
   ecological footprint of fisheries in liaoning province has increased from
   1.08107 km2 to 1.88107 km2 with an average value of 1.60107 km2 between 2000
   and 2018 , which is already higher than the ecological carrying capacity of
   3.20106 km2 and about 5 times of the carrying capacity , which means that
   fishing pressure needs to be reduced to at least 20 % of its current level
   for the ecological footprint of fisheries to rebound and for the ecological
   deficit to decrease steadily , thus preventing an ecosystem collapse . 2023
   indian council of agricultural research .
DE ecological footprint of fisheries; liaoning fishery resources; stella
   software; system dynamics

---

UT 351
AR Ibrahim A, 2025, PROCEEDING - IEEE INT CONF SOFTW ENG COMPUT SYST ADV NEXT-
   GENER INTELL SOLUT ICSECS, P243, DOI 10.1109/ICSECS65227.2025.11279194
TI Calibrating a COVID-19 System Dynamics Model with Multi-Country Cases to
   Enhance Model Validity
AU Ibrahim A; Abdul Kadir TA; Daniyal H; Macdonald RH
TC 0
SO PROCEEDING - IEEE INT CONF SOFTW ENG COMPUT SYST ADV NEXT-GENER INTELL SOLUT
   ICSECS
PY 2025
AB validating system dynamics ( sd ) models has been a serious concern for many
   years . to address this issue , this study presents the validation of an sd
   model of covid_19 using empirical data from multiple countries to assess
   both its structural and behavioral validity . the model was developed in
   vensim dss and manually calibrated to evaluate its performance against
   real_world data cases across five european countries : spain , portugal ,
   italy , france , and hungary , which represent diverse outbreak contexts .
   the results indicate that the model successfully replicates the trends of
   the covid_19 outbreak in each country , providing strong evidence of the
   model ' s structural soundness , robustness and its capacity to adapt across
   diverse yet comparable contexts . thus , uncertainty surrounding both the
   model ' s structure and behavior is reduced . the future implications of
   this study suggest that the model can support broader scenario testing and
   provide a foundation for future applications in other regions where
   validation across multiple cases is required . 2025 ieee .
DE covid-19; model uncertainty; model validation; parameter calibration; system
   dynamics
ID information systems; information use; system theory; empirical data;
   european countries; model validation; model validity; modeling
   uncertainties; parameters calibrations; performance; real-world; system
   dynamics; system dynamics modeling; uncertainty analysis

---

UT 352
AR Yin L, 2022, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P141, DOI 10.1145/3528137.3528157
TI Simulation Research on Intervention Model of Higher Vocational Students'
   Crisis Behavior under Network Environment
AU Yin L; Huang Q; Chen Z
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2022
AB preventing and controlling college students ' crisis behavior is the urgent
   task and important subject of constructing harmonious campus . however , the
   students in higher vocational college have high incidence of crisis behavior
   because of their complicated factors . therefore , this paper investigated
   the crisis behaviors of higher vocational students in the network
   environment . on the basis of analyzing the causes of crisis behaviors , we
   used the feedback principle of systematic dynamics to clarify the main
   influencing factors of crisis behaviors , established the system dynamics
   model , and conducted simulation research through vensim software . the
   results showed that the reduction of psychological counseling has no
   significant impact on the crisis behaviors of higher vocational students .
   strengthening school_enterprise cooperation and establishing teaching
   practice platform have significant positive influence on reducing college
   their crisis behavior , but strengthening school_enterprise cooperation has
   a stronger positive effect on preventing and controlling higher vocational
   students ' crisis behavior than establishing the teaching_practice platform
   . 2022 acm .
DE crisis behavior; higher vocational students; intervention strategy;
   systematic dynamics
ID computer software; education computing; crisis behavior; high vocational
   student; intervention models; intervention strategy; network environments;
   practice platforms; school-enterprise cooperations; simulation research;
   systematic dynamic; teaching practices; students

---

UT 353
AR Li CG, 2021, LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG,
   V369, P427, DOI 10.1007/978-3-030-72792-5_35
TI Simulation Study on the Development of Chinese Bank Industry Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Li CG; Zuo XT
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG
PY 2021
AB there are many factors influencing the development of the bank industry ,
   and scholars have paid much attention to the influence of these factors on
   the development of the bank industry . in order to better promoting the
   healthy and steady development of china ' s bank industry , studying the
   influence of the factors on the development of the bank industry , this
   paper uses vensim ple software to build a simulation model for the
   development of the bank industry . this paper simulates and analyzes the
   impact of the changes in money supply and supervision level on the profit
   level of the bank industry . the simulation results show that the profit
   level of the bank industry will increase when the money supply is reduced .
   higher levels of regulation make banks less profitable . the simulation
   results also show that the change of money supply has no obvious effect on
   the nonperforming loan balance . icst institute for computer sciences ,
   social informatics and telecommunications engineering 2021 .
DE bank industry; simulation analysis; system dynamics
ID profitability; industry based; loan balance; money supply; simulation model;
   simulation studies; system dynamics; computer software

---

UT 354
AR Yuan F, 2022, INT CONF ELECTR ENG CONTROL SCI IC2ECS, P306, DOI
   10.1109/IC2ECS57645.2022.10087952
TI A study on carbon emission forecasting in the power industry under the
   background of new power system
AU Yuan F; Su L; Wang S/3; Yu J; Wang Y/11; Teng Y; Feng T
TC 2
SO INT CONF ELECTR ENG CONTROL SCI IC2ECS
PY 2022
AB using vensim software to build a system dynamics model , china ' s power
   industry carbon emissions simulation . the model sets up three scenarios :
   baseline scenario , low carbon scenario and ultra_low carbon scenario : and
   based on 3 different scenarios , the carbon emissions of the power industry
   from 2005 to 2030 are simulated and forecasted on this basis . the effects
   of different emission reductions were compared and evaluated . the results
   show that research and development of low_carbon technologies , adjustment
   of power supply structure and industrial structure will contribute to the
   low_carbon development of china ' s power industry . 2022 ieee .
DE carbon emissions forecast; power industry; system dynamics
ID carbon; emission control; industrial research; system theory; carbon
   emission forecast; carbon emissions; emission reduction; low carbon; model
   set; power; power industry; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; ultra
   low carbon; computer software

---

UT 355
AR Su J/1, 2025, LIBR SERV, V69, P3, DOI 10.13266/j.issn.0252-3116.2025.09.001
TI System Dynamics Analysis of Data Transaction Market Circulation Mechanisms;
   [数据交易市场流转机制的系统动力学分析]
AU Su J/1; Song W
TC 1
SO LIBR SERV
PY 2025
AB [ purpose / significance ] this study aims to explore the dynamic changes
   and interactions among various elements in the data transaction market ,
   reveal the impact mechanism of data transaction on the market and social
   economy , and explore more effective management and trading modes . [ method
   / process ] this study adopted the system dynamics method to explore the
   data circulation mechanisms and their dynamics in the data transaction
   market . the market was subdivided into four core subsystems : data asset
   management , transaction mechanism , supervision and compliance , and market
   dynamics . scenario simulations were carried out by vensim to explore the
   interactions between the subsystems and their impact on the overall
   performance of the market . [ result / conclusion ] through the systematic
   analysis of the data transaction market , this study aims to reveal the key
   driving factors and core problems in the data circulation , propose
   strategies to promote the healthy development of the market , and provide
   references for relevant policy formulation and market practice . 2025 lis
   press co . , ltd . all rights reserved .
DE data circulation; data transaction; data transaction market; system dynamics

---

UT 356
AR Wang Z/10, 2024, ACTA SEDIMENTOL SIN, V42, P2054, DOI
   10.14027/j.issn.1000-0550.2023.036
TI A Kinetic Model for Carbon and Sulfur Fractionation from the Late Ordovician
   to the Early Silurian in Sichuan Basin, China
AU Wang Z/10; Wang C/1; Dong Z; Zhu Y
TC 0
SO ACTA SEDIMENTOL SIN
PY 2024
AB [ obective ] the significant migration events of carbon and sulfur isotopes
   ( 13c , 34s ) in the global transition period from the late ordovician to
   the early silurian have been widely recognized , but the causes of these
   isotopes are still controversial . quantitative numerical simulation is one
   of the ways to solve this problem . [ methods ] a total of 47 shale samples
   from the tianlin and shaba sections , which were deposited in different
   regions of the sichuan basin during this period ( 23 samples from the
   tianlin section , and 24 samples from the shaba section ) , were selected
   for organic carbon ( 13corg ) and pyrite sulfur isotope ( 34spy ) analysis .
   the system dynamics software vensim7.3.5 was used to reconstruct the model
   and analyze the dynamics . [ results ] the main results are as follows : ( 1
   ) both 13corg and 34spy exhibited synchronous positive shifts before the
   hirnantian glacial period , reached the peak value in the hirnantian glacial
   period , and then decreased . the synchronous positive deviation of c and s
   isotopes can occur when the burial fluxes of organic carbon were 1.5 to 2.0
   times , and pyrite 1.5 to 3.0 times , that of the preglacial period . this
   indicates that the high primary productivity and widely developed anoxic
   water column of iron were beneficial to the burial of sedimentary organic
   matter and pyrite . during the hirnantian glacial period , with the
   decreased primary productivity and increased oxygen content in water column
   , the burial flux of organic carbon and pyrite decreased gradually , and the
   carbon and sulfur isotopes were slightly negative . the intensity of
   volcanic activity mainly affects the migration of 13c , and the weakened
   volcanic activity was beneficial to the positive deviation of 13c , while
   the enhanced volcanic activity after the glacial period was the necessary
   condition for the significant negative deviation of 13c over a short time (
   0.5_1.0 myr ) . ( 2 ) the lower seawater sulfate concentration (
   approximately 5 mm ) in the early stage of the hirnantian glacial period was
   the basis of the positive shift of 34s , with an increase of pyrite burial
   flux , the ocean sulfate concentration gradually decreased to 3 mm and
   reached the lowest during the hirnantian glacial period , while the increase
   of terrestrial sulfate input flux in the post_glacial period was the main
   factor leading to the negative deviation of 34s , making the ocean sulfate
   concentration gradually return to 5 mm . [ conclusions ] the results
   quantitatively evaluate the main influencing factors of 13c and 34s
   synchronous migration . a new idea and quantitative prediction model are
   provided for the study of the kinetics of c and s isotope fractionation
   throughout geological history . 2024 , science china press . all rights
   reserved .
DE carbon isotopes; early silurian; kinetic model; late ordovician; sichuan
   basin; sulfur isotopes
ID china; carbon isotope; ordovician; organic carbon; postglacial; reaction
   kinetics; seawater; sulfur isotope; water column

---

UT 357
AR Lei T/1, 2025, J SAF ENV, V25, P3965, DOI
   10.13637/j.issn.1009-6094.2025.0046
TI Dynamic risk evolution and emergency plan optimization for chemical
   accidents based on the TOE framework; [基于 TOE 框架的化工事故系统风险动态演化及应急方案优选]
AU Lei T/1; Hui X; Nie D
TC 0
SO J SAF ENV
PY 2025
AB based on the technology_organization_environment ( toe ) framework , this
   study employs the system dynamics method . first , the risk factors of the
   chemical accident system are categorized into three dimensions : technology
   , organization , and environment . by constructing a causal circuit diagram
   , the emergency plans implemented by accident enterprises , fire rescue
   teams , and territorial governments are mapped to these system risk factors
   . secondly , a system dynamics model is developed to reflect the evolution
   of system risk in chemical accidents . the corresponding parameters are set
   using the ' ' january 15 ' ' major explosion and fire accident in panjin ,
   liaoning province , as a case study . finally , vensim software was used to
   identify the key risk factors within the individual subsystems of technology
   , organization , and environment . the optimal emergency plan was selected
   based on an acceptable risk level , taking into account the interactions
   between subsystems . the ability of the optimal solution combination to
   control the coupling risk was then verified . the results show that the
   evolution level of chemical accident risk remains stable initially and then
   rapidly decreases . at the initial stage of system operation , the evolution
   level of organizational risk is the highest . by the end of the system
   operation cycle , the evolution of environmental risk concludes , while
   organizational risk and technical risk still persist . the key system risk
   factors identified within the technical , organizational , and environmental
   subsystems are inter_departmental cooperation barriers , illegal risky
   operations , and delayed information release , respectively . the optimal
   single_factor emergency response plans to control the key risks identified
   are as follows : emergency resource scheduling to address organizational
   risks , full_time fire brigade construction to mitigate technical risks ,
   and on_site command to manage environmental risks . it was found that the
   interaction of key risks within the organizational and technical subsystems
   results in the largest increase in the chemical accident risk evolution
   level . the combination of the identified single_factor and multi_factor
   emergency plans can effectively control the interaction risk . in cases
   where the intensity of key system risk factors in all three subsystems
   increases simultaneously , the accident enterprise should pay particular
   attention to the effectiveness of regular safety management measures . 2025
   science china press . all rights reserved .
DE chemical accident; public safety; risk prevention and control; system
   dynamics; toe frame

---

UT 358
AR Thakur A, 2021, AGRIC RES, V10, P307, DOI 10.1007/s40003-020-00502-2
TI Value Chain Analysis of Informal Dairy Processing Units in Haryana (India):
   A System Dynamic Approach
AU Thakur A; Dixit AK; Kumar S; Bhandari G
TC 8
SO AGRIC RES
PY 2021
AB the study intends to examine the value chain of liquid milk of informal
   sector based on procurement systems by dairy processing units , applying
   simulation model vensim ple x32 package . mapping of product flow and core
   actors involved in value chains are based on primary data pertaining to year
   2019 . the total sample size was 27 of small and micro dairy processing
   units in karnal district of haryana state . the study concluded that cost of
   milk procurement was the least in collection center ( model_i ) . the
   integrated production and processing system ( model_ii ) could attain higher
   profits ( rs . 9.56/l ) compared to model_i ( rs . 2.65/l ) and vendor
   system , i . e . model_iii ( rs . 1.78/l ) . the identified three key
   interventions , viz . training in milk handling , packing and processing .
   efficient transportation and processing technology and efficient design of
   procurement systems need to be applied for leveraging of milk value chain .
   2020 , naas ( national academy of agricultural sciences ) .
DE distribution; informal channels; raw milk; value chain
ID haryana; india; agricultural engineering; agronomy; dairy processing;
   efficient designs; integrated production; processing systems; processing
   technologies; simulation model; system dynamics; value chain analysis; dairy
   farming; efficiency measurement; food processing; milk production; numerical
   model; supply chain management; dairies

---

UT 359
AR Che Musa MF, 2024, J INT ORAL HEAL, V16, P403, DOI 10.4103/jioh.jioh_133_24
TI Scenario Modeling for Dentistry in Malaysia: Utilization, Privatization, and
   Specialization
AU Che Musa MF; Morgan J; Harper P; Bernabé E; Gallagher JE
TC 0
SO J INT ORAL HEAL
PY 2024
AB aim : to study to model future clinical dental workforce scenarios in
   malaysia , in relation to population need_demand , to inform future change .
   materials and methods : a system dynamics ( sd ) model was developed in
   vensim_software to model the need / demand and supply for dental care across
   public_private sectors over 3 decades ( 2010_2040 ) . this model included
   two sub_models relating to ' need / demand ' and ' supply , ' drawing on
   national evidence from two previous studies ( student career surveys and
   interviews of key stakeholders nationally ) , together with relevant
   available data . this sd model provided the baseline model ( s1 ) for
   malaysia and four_distinctive_scenarios ( s2_5 ) , involving enhancing
   generalists_specialists across public_private sectors . an additional
   scenario ( s6 ) was run to optimize workforce utilization , informed by
   career expectations of emerging graduates drawing on earlier scenarios (
   s2_5 ) . results : modeling future five_scenarios highlighted the gap in
   dental workforce nationally across both sectors could range from a surplus
   of a total of 3739 dentists and 817 therapists in the baseline scenario to a
   total shortfall of 1249 dentists and surplus of 817 therapists by the year
   2040 , influenced by dentist working patterns , specialization , and
   privatization . increasing the potential for specialist training and
   permitting emerging graduates ' to working part_time , while optimizing
   public sector primary care , and responding to the career expectations of
   emerging graduates , has the potential to absorb potential oversupply , and
   , thus , utilize the entire clinician dental workforce in malaysia in the
   medium term . conclusion : the findings of this model demonstrate the
   short_term requirement to expand the malaysian dental workforce to meet
   dental needs of the population , highlighting that continued production at
   the current rate will result in oversupply , unless action is taken to
   maximize primary care , enhance specialization , and embrace flexible
   working to meet career expectations of graduates . 2024 journal of
   international oral health .
DE malaysia; privatization; specialization; system dynamics; workforce modeling

---

UT 360
AR Wang F/1, 2023, GEOL SURV CHINA, V10, P103, DOI 10.19388/j.zgdzdc.2023.02.13
TI Water ecological carrying capacity evaluation of Qinmang River Basin (Henan
   Section); [沁蟒河流域(河南段)水生态承载力评价]
AU Wang F/1; Zhang D; Yu C
TC 1
SO GEOL SURV CHINA
PY 2023
AB the identification of water carrying capacity in qinmang river basin ( henan
   section ) is imminent in order to protect the water ecological environment .
   the driving_force pressure resistance state response ( dprsr ) model was
   adopted to evaluate the water ecological carrying capacity of qinmang river
   basin ( henan section ) from 2008 to 2018 . then the vensim software was
   used to build a system dynamics ( sd ) model to predict and analyze the
   water ecological carrying capacity in the future under different development
   modes ( conventional development mode , comprehensive development mode and
   ecological priority development mode ) . the results show that the overall
   water ecological carrying capacity of qinmang river basin ( henan section )
   from 2008 to 2018 is critical preference . under the comprehensive
   development model , the water ecological carrying capacity is within the
   bearable range , which is recommended as the optimal plan for the
   sustainable and healthy development of the water ecology and economic
   society of qinmang river basin . the results provides beneficial references
   for regional water ecological environment protection and social development
   strategy formulation . 2023 editorial department of china geological survey
   . all rights reserved .
DE basin development mode; dprsr model; evaluation of water ecological carrying
   capacity; qinmang river basin ( henan section ); sd model

---

UT 361
AR Xu K, 2025, J IRRIG DRAIN, V44, P104, DOI 10.13522/j.cnki.ggps.2024261
TI Calculating agricultural water-saving potential in arid areas using system
   dynamic model; [基于系统动力学模型的干旱区农业节水潜力计算]
AU Xu K; Yue Y; Lei B; Yang K; Xu L/4; Jin H/1; Bai M; Liu H/5; Guo Y
TC 1
SO J IRRIG DRAIN
PY 2025
AB objectiveagriculture is the main water consumer in many countries and
   regions , and improving agricultural water use efficiency is critical to
   sustainable development in these regions . a prerequisite for this is to
   understand the potential for water saving in the agricultural sector . this
   paper presents a method to evaluate agricultural water_saving potential in
   arid regions .methodthe method considered the influence of desertification ,
   soil erosion , and other environmental factors on water conservation . a
   total of 30 key factors , including agricultural water consumption ,
   irrigated land area , irrigation water use efficiency , grain_to_economy
   ratio , and soil and water conservation rate , were considered in the
   evaluation . using the vensim ple software , a system dynamic flow diagram
   model was developed to calculate agricultural water_saving potential . the
   model was applied to inner mongolia ( excluding dongsimeng city ) to
   evaluate its agricultural water_saving potential at regional scales , in
   both the short term ( up to 2035 ) and the long term ( up to 2050 ) .result1
   agricultural water_saving potential in inner mongolia was estimated to be
   2.518 billion m3 in the short term ( up to 2035 ) and 2.958 billion m3 in
   the long term ( up to 2050 ) . among all areas in the province , bayannur
   had the highest water_saving potential , while wuhai had the least . 2
   engineering water_saving projects contributed the most to the water_saving
   potential ( approximately 52.83 % ) , while technical water_saving measures
   contributed the least ( approximately 16.91 % ) . the contribution of
   engineering water_saving projects to water savings is expected to increase
   over time .conclusionour results demonstrate that the system dynamic model
   can be used to estimate agricultural water_saving potential . the results
   obtained using this model are reliable and provide valuable technical
   support for formulating agricultural water_saving policies in arid regions .
   , cc by_nc_nd
DE agricultural water-saving potential; arid zone; system dynamics; vensim
   model

---

UT 362
AR Yang X/6, 2021, CHINA MIN MAG, V30, P41, DOI
   10.12075/j.issn.1004-4051.2021.05.035
TI Analysis of enterprise safety investment and safety management level based
   on the system dynamics; [基于系统动力学的企业安全投入与 安全管理水平分析]
AU Yang X/6; Xie Z; Wang Q/5
TC 0
SO CHINA MIN MAG
PY 2021
AB it is an important relationship between enterprise safety investment and
   safety management level . in order to dynamically reflect the safety
   management level of enterprises , this paper uses the theory and method of
   system dynamics to construct the causal feedback diagram and system flow
   chart of safety investment and safety management level . based on the weight
   of the evaluation index obtained by ahp , takes changzhou xiyuan sewage
   treatment co . , ltd . as an example , and uses vensimple software to
   simulate . the experimental results show that the sd model of enterprise
   safety management can quantitatively predict the development trend of
   enterprise safety management level . the best investment scheme can be
   determined by adjusting the investment proportion of each subsystem of
   enterprise safety management , which provides the basis for enterprise
   safety investment decision . 2021 china mining magazine co . , ltd . all
   rights reserved .
DE ahp; analog simulation; safety input; safety management level; systems
   dynamics

---

UT 363
AR Deva I, 2021, ADV ENV ENG RES, V2, DOI 10.21926/aeer.2104037
TI A System Dynamics Modelling Approach for Electronic Waste Recycling after
   Floods in Jakarta and New Orleans
AU Deva I; van der Weijden R
TC 6
SO ADV ENV ENG RES
PY 2021
AB due to climate change , flood_related disasters are expected to increase .
   floods generate enormous amounts of waste , including electronic waste (
   e_waste ) . e_waste should be recovered not only because it can have
   detrimental effects on human health and the environment but also because of
   the valuable metals contained in it . in this study , a system dynamics
   model based on current practices and waste management was established using
   vensim to determine the revenue that can be generated by e_waste recycling
   after floods in two socio_geographic and economic contexts : jakarta and new
   orleans . at current recovery rates , the formal systems employed for
   recovering valuable materials would yield 8 % ( 58 million ) and 14 % ( 80
   million ) of the potential yield for the jakarta and new orleans models ,
   respectively . moreover , the model estimated that informal e_waste
   recycling would yield 1.2 billion . the model also highlighted several
   problems encountered in post_disaster waste management in both scenarios ,
   such as low capacities of temporary storage sites , increased landfilling
   rates , low yields of recovered e_waste components , and limitations on the
   transportation of waste . for optimizing the recovery of valuable metals ,
   regulations addressing e_waste must be implemented more thoroughly , and
   post_disaster waste management guidelines must be revised to contextually
   address flood disasters . when more data are available , an improved model
   can be established and used as a basis for policymaking to improve the
   infrastructure of solid waste management to optimize e_waste recovery . 2021
   by the author .
DE disaster; e-waste; floods; system dynamics; waste management

---

UT 364
AR Liu C/1, 2022, STRATEG PLANN ENERGY ENV, V41, P147, DOI
   10.13052/spee1048-5236.4122
TI System Dynamics Based Modeling of Group Green Cooperation Experiment
   Teaching
AU Liu C/1; Jiang D/1
TC 0
SO STRATEG PLANN ENERGY ENV
PY 2022
AB facing with the increasingly prominent global environmental protection
   problems , green teaching , as the basis of global sustainable development ,
   has been advocated in china . especially green experimental teaching have
   been carried out in most majors with outstanding environmental protection
   issues in china ' s higher teaching . however , current literature shows
   that , except for the pollution_related experiment such as biochemistry and
   chemical engineering , other majors attach less importance to green
   experiment teaching , which is due to people ' s insufficient cognition of
   generalized green experiment . to make full use of resources , deal with
   pollutants rationally , and improve green experimental effect , based on the
   universal requirements of green experimental teaching , for protecting the
   ecological environment of experimental teaching , research on the
   influencing factors and driving performance of green experiments in group
   collaboration is proposed . firstly , through questionnaire survey , the
   influencing factors of group green cooperation experiment are analyzed .
   secondly , its model is further established based on system dynamics .
   finally , simulation on the model should be carried out by vensim ple
   software for the green experiment teaching . the findings suggest that ,
   group is a better way to carry out green experiment effectively in colleges
   and universities . it should be emphasized that the key to popularize green
   experiment teaching in colleges and universities is to master the group
   green cooperation features and the green management ability of laboratory
   managers . in other words , the performance of group green collaborative
   experiments is mainly driven by the features of group green collaboration
   and the green teaching management capabilities of laboratory managers .
   specially , we should be careful of the consistency between the
   collaboration characteristics of the experimental group and the green
   management ability , otherwise it is easy to conflict in the concept ,
   specific operation and other aspects , resulting in inefficient green
   experiments . at the same time , the group ' s green cooperation features
   are limited by its cooperation conditions and are subject to it . moreover ,
   we also need to identify that laboratory managers ' experimental
   organization capabilities are not equal to their green experimental
   management capabilities , too rigid experimental management is not conducive
   to play the performance driving role of green experimental management . the
   paper aims to provide some theoretical references for developing china ' s
   higher green experimental teaching performance through green experimental
   management mechanisms . 2022 river publishers .
DE green cooperation experiment ( gce ); green teaching; simulation; system
   dynamics ( sd )
ID computer software; environmental protection; managers; pollution; surveys;
   sustainable development; colleges and universities; experiment teachings;
   experimental teachings; green cooperation experiment; green managements;
   green teaching; management ability; performance; simulation; system dynamic;
   automobile drivers

---

UT 365
AR Andrade-Arenas L, 2024, BULL ELECTR ENG INF, V13, P3446, DOI
   10.11591/eei.v13i5.7562
TI System dynamics modeling for predicting the impact of tutoring on student
   retention in the school of engineering
AU Andrade-Arenas L; Retuerto MG; Yactayo-Arias C
TC 1
SO BULL ELECTR ENG INF
PY 2024
AB student retention is a persistent problem in many educational institutions ,
   and we seek to address this issue through the implementation of tutoring
   programs . to achieve this objective , system dynamics ( sd ) modeling is
   proposed as a method . this analytical tool allows simulating and predicting
   the behavior of a complex system over time , considering the interactions
   between its components . the main objective of this research is to perform
   sd modeling to improve student retention through tutoring . it seeks to
   design more effective and personalized tutoring programs , adapted to the
   specific needs and challenges of the institution ' s students . the results
   obtained show that , in the period between 2022 and 2026 , research degrees
   will be encouraged , reaching 50 % participation . this increase is
   considered a positive indicator that encourages universities to become
   research protagonists . in conclusion , sd modeling makes it possible to
   forecast and strategically plan the expected results in terms of student
   retention . this method provides tools to more effectively address the
   problem of retention , ensuring the academic success of students and
   promoting the participation of universities in research . 2024 , institute
   of advanced engineering and science . all rights reserved .
DE modeling; student desertion; system dynamics; systemic approach; vensim

---

UT 366
AR Raghuram P, 2021, INT J IND SYST ENG, V38, P432, DOI
   10.1504/IJISE.2021.116928
TI Modelling and assessment of the impact of supply disruption and cost of
   recovery using system dynamics approach
AU Raghuram P; Harisankar G
TC 8
SO INT J IND SYST ENG
PY 2021
AB shorter product life cycles and customization have exposed the hidden
   problems in the supply chain . supply disruptions , caused due any sudden
   event , is one of the major concerns of the manufacturing industry . this
   paper focuses on the impact of non_availability of parts from a supplier due
   to unpredictable events and the cost of recovery from such disruption .
   system dynamics approach is used to model the interactions between the
   variables required to maintain the availability of parts . in this model ,
   time to restore operations , time to find alternate suppliers , inventory
   consumption till restoration , safety stock availability and backlogs are
   considered . this model was then used to assess disruption impact on
   inventory , lead time and recovery costs using ithink software . assessment
   of supply disruption for all the procured parts will help the company to
   recognize and take proactive steps , such as identifying alternate suppliers
   , making engineering changes and modifying the manufacturing processes .
   copyright 2021 inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE assessment; inventory; modeling; supply disruptions; system dynamics
ID recovery; restoration; supply chains; system theory; systems engineering;
   engineering changes; hidden problems; manufacturing industries;
   manufacturing process; product life cycles; recovery costs; supply
   disruption; system dynamics approach; life cycle

---

UT 367
AR Jurjević M, 2026, APPL SCI, V16, DOI 10.3390/app16052538
TI Integrated Approach to Modelling the Reliability of Gears in Ship Propulsion
   Systems
AU Jurjević M; Hasanspahić N; Biočić T
TC 0
SO APPL SCI
PY 2026
AB the operational reliability of gears in ship propulsion systems is an
   important factor affecting safety , efficiency , and cost_effectiveness in
   ship operation . gear failures may result in loss of propulsion , increased
   maintenance costs , and risks to crew safety . this paper presents an
   integrated methodological framework for assessing gear reliability in ship
   propulsion systems by integrating qualitative causal analysis , quantitative
   reliability growth modeling , and system dynamics simulation . the analysis
   is based on empirical data collected from the amos computerized maintenance
   management system for ship propulsion gear over the course of 20,000
   operating hours . the ishikawa diagram is applied as a qualitative tool to
   structure potential failure causes related to human , technical , material ,
   procedural , measurement , and environmental factors . using a system
   dynamics approach , a qualitative conceptual model of because_and_effect
   relationships and a quantitative simulation model were developed , where the
   mathematical model of goelokumoto reliability growth was applied to
   quantitatively describe the process of detecting and eliminating failures ,
   with an exponential decrease in failure intensity over time and a high level
   of agreement with empirical data ( r2 = 0.9962 ) , corresponding to the part
   of the bathtub curve related to the running_in of ship systems . the system
   dynamics simulation implemented in the powersim environment integrates the
   analytically estimated model parameters and provides a dynamic
   representation of the relationships between failure intensity , cumulative
   failures , reliability , and the mean time between failures . the scientific
   contribution of this work lies in the structured integration of established
   methods into a single analytical framework , enabling coherent
   interpretation of empirical reliability data under real operating conditions
   . the results provide a methodological basis for developing predictive
   maintenance tools , optimizing maintenance strategies , and improving the
   safety of ship propulsion systems . 2026 by the authors .
DE goelokumoto model; maintenance; maritime propulsion systems; maritime
   safety; modeling; predictive maintenance; reliability
ID cost effectiveness; dynamics; failure ( mechanical ); gears; outages;
   predictive maintenance; reliability analysis; safety factor; shipbuilding;
   ships; system theory; empirical data; failure intensity; goelokumoto model;
   maritime propulsion system; maritime safety; modeling; predictive
   maintenance; propulsion system; ship propulsion system; system dynamics
   simulation; article; conceptual model; cost effectiveness analysis;
   dynamics; environmental factor; goel okumoto model; mathematical analysis;
   mathematical model; model; reliability; safety; ship; ship propulsion
   system; simulation; ship propulsion

---

UT 368
AR Wang T/4, 2024, TRANSP POLIC, V157, P155, DOI 10.1016/j.tranpol.2024.08.011
TI The effect of carbon quota allocation methods on maritime supply chain
   emission reduction
AU Wang T/4; Wu Z/2; Cheng P; Wang Y/1
TC 22
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2024
AB in september 2020 , the european parliament decided to include the co2
   emitted on the all intra_european and 50 % of extra_european voyages in the
   european union emission trading system ( eu_ets ) starting from 2022 , in
   order to reduce the co2 emission . with the implementation of eu_ets , the
   maritime supply chain will inevitably be significantly affected . different
   carbon quota allocations in ets have different impact on the co2 emission
   reduction , which motivates us to investigate the effect of different carbon
   quota allocations on maritime co2 emission reduction . therefore , this
   paper considers two carbon quota allocations : the historical total quantity
   method and the historical intensity method , and develops a game model for
   each method . then , the equilibrium solutions of each game model are
   analyzed . with the help of the system dynamics and the software vensim ,
   numerical experiments are conducted to verify the properties obtained in the
   analysis of the equilibrium solutions . the experimental results indicate
   that 1 ) green technology ( gt ) can effectively reduce carbon emissions .
   based on long_term simulation results , the gt investments will be gradually
   offset by profiting from carbon quota trading . 2 ) profits may vary with
   price , but the historical intensity method consistently achieves better
   carbon reduction effects or relatively higher profits . 3 ) the marginal
   profits of companies with similar historical intensity baselines are almost
   the same . this gives an advantage to companies who implement green
   technologies earlier , as they can quickly gain returns from gt . 2024
   elsevier ltd
DE carbon emission trading; carbon quota allocation methods; game model;
   maritime supply chain; system dynamics
ID europe; carbon sequestration; allocation methods; carbon emission trading;
   carbon quota allocation method; co2 emission reduction; emission trading
   systems; european union; game models; green technology; maritime supply
   chain; system dynamics; emissions trading; equilibrium; experimental study;
   maritime transportation; numerical model; supply chain management; low
   emission

---

UT 369
AR Treves A, 2025, ECOL MODEL, V503, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolmodel.2025.111057
TI Modelling system dynamics as a socio-ecological perspective to support
   human-beaver interactions
AU Treves A; Zenezini G; Comino E
TC 2
SO ECOL MODEL
PY 2025
AB beavers are semi_aquatic mammals that significantly impact on freshwater
   ecosystems , creating benefits and challenges , particularly in areas with
   close human interaction . managing human_beaver interactions is a
   multifaceted issue due to the many variables involved , but the complexity
   of these interactions can be analyzed effectively using system dynamics
   models . these models are used in many contexts , including wildlife
   management , to simulate a variety of management policies and assess their
   effects . the present study addressed gaps in the literature by developing a
   system dynamics model that examined both the benefits and conflicts that
   arise from human_beaver interactions . the model , implemented using vensim
   ple software , synthesized qualitative and quantitative data to simulate
   four simulation scenarios : ecological , social , economic , and policy
   making . the study examined the dynamics of beaver populations , ecosystem
   service provision , social perceptions , and management strategies in a case
   study of the ivrea lakes area in the piedmont region ( italy ) . model
   predictions highlights that beaver populations stabilized logistically ,
   influencing ecosystem services and residual capital , while social
   acceptance stongly reduced management costs and social pressure . optimal
   budget allocation and combined strategies emerged as key to sustainable
   management and conflict mitigation . overall , predictions suggest that an
   integrated approach that prioritizes prevention and actively engages local
   communities can improve both ecological outcomes and social acceptance of
   beavers . the model is a useful decision and discussion tool for assessing
   management strategies and facilitating stakeholder involvement . future
   studies should expand on these results by exploring additional
   beaver_related conflicts and benefits in diverse contexts . 2025 the authors
DE beaver management; ecosystem services; human-wildlife interactions; socio-
   ecological approach; system dynamics model
ID italy; ivrea; piedmont [ italy ]; piedmont [ italy ]; torino [ piedmont ];
   budget control; invertebrates; livestock; system theory; beaver management;
   ecological approaches; ecosystem services; human-wildlife interaction;
   management strategies; modeling systems; social acceptance; socio-
   ecological; socio-ecological approach; system dynamics modeling; ecosystem
   service; freshwater ecosystem; integrated approach; nature-society
   relations; simulation; stakeholder; abiotic

---

UT 370
AR Chaerunnisa NF, 2025, ECOL ENG ENV TECH, V26, P232, DOI
   10.12912/27197050/209598
TI A dynamic system model for sustainable waste management in Bantaeng regency
AU Chaerunnisa NF; Samawi MF; Tumpu M
TC 1
SO ECOL ENG ENV TECH
PY 2025
AB waste is a critical issue in urban areas , including bantaeng regency ,
   which , despite its reputation as a clean city , continues to face major
   challenges in its waste management system . limitations in infrastructure ,
   insufficient landfill ( tpa ) capacity , and suboptimal waste handling
   methods have led to 35.62 % of waste remaining unmanaged in 2024 . this
   study aims to develop a dynamic system model to evaluate the performance of
   the existing waste management system and simulate alternative policy
   scenarios to achieve sustainable waste governance . a
   quantitative_descriptive approach was employed using the vensim software .
   data were obtained through field observations , stakeholder interviews , and
   secondary sources from relevant agencies . the model includes variables such
   as population , waste generation , transport and processing capacities , and
   vehicle trip frequency . model validation was conducted through mean
   comparison and error variance tests . four scenarios were simulated :
   existing , moderate , optimistic , and regional waste management strategy .
   the results show that under the existing scenario , only about 35 % of waste
   is properly managed , and if no intervention is implemented , unmanaged
   waste is projected to increase to 38 % or approximately 12,000 tons per year
   . the moderate and optimistic scenarios improved performance , reaching 52 %
   and 60 % waste handling , respectively . the jakstrada regional waste
   management strategy scenario yielded the most optimal results , with 71 % of
   waste handled and 29.8 % reduced , achieving the national target of 100 %
   waste management . this study confirms the effectiveness of dynamic system
   modeling in evaluating data_driven policy decisions . the jakstrada scenario
   is recommended as the most realistic and contextappropriate strategy to
   support sustainable waste management goals in bantaeng regency . 2025 ,
   polskie towarzystwo inzynierii ekologicznej ( ptie ) . all rights reserved .
DE bantaeng regency; sustainable waste management; system dynamics

---

UT 371
AR Qin H, 2024, INT CONF ENERGY POWER ELECTR TECHNOL ICEPET, P1290, DOI
   10.1109/ICEPET61938.2024.10627200
TI Power installed capacity prediction considering green certificate trading
   and carbon trading
AU Qin H; Wang K/1; Li J; Zhang Z/2; Yang L/1; Li J/2; Liu J/4; Wang Y/13
TC 1
SO INT CONF ENERGY POWER ELECTR TECHNOL ICEPET
PY 2024
AB under the background of ' ' dual_carbon ' ' target , the tradings of green
   certificate and carbon cooperate with electricity trading to help the energy
   system achieve clean and low_carbon transformation through market_oriented
   role , from the perspectives of controlling carbon emissions and promoting
   renewable energy consumption , respectively . in this paper , the
   interaction mechanism is also described through the three markets coupling
   trading block diagram . then , a synergistic trading clearing model for the
   three markets with the target of maximized system total revenue is
   constructed . and model prediction technology is used to predict the output
   curves of renewable energy and calculate their effective working hours .
   finally , the trend of power supply structure adjustment under the joint
   effect of green certificate trading and carbon trading is simulated based on
   the system dynamics model built on the vensim platform . 2024 ieee .
DE carbon trading; electricity trading; green certificate trading; model
   prediction technology; power supply structure; system dynamics
ID carbon sequestration; prediction models; carbon trading; electricity
   trading; green certificate trading; green certificates; model prediction;
   model prediction technology; power supply; power supply structure;
   prediction technologies; system dynamics; carbon capture and utilization

---

UT 372
AR Zhang H/3, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14127107
TI Dynamic Simulation Research on the Effect of Governance Mechanism on Value
   Co-Creation of Blockchain Industry Ecosystem
AU Zhang H/3; Xiong H; Xu J/1
TC 7
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB the development of blockchain technology promotes the evolution of the
   industrial ecosystem , and the value co_creation in the ecosystem has become
   an important factor for the sustainable and coordinated development of the
   blockchain industry ecosystem . by answering the question of how governance
   mechanisms affect the value co_creation of the blockchain industry ecosystem
   , this paper aims to clarify the realization mechanism of value co_creation
   of the blockchain industry ecosystem . based on the transaction cost theory
   and social exchange theory , the governance mechanisms of the blockchain
   industry ecosystem are divided into contract governance and trust governance
   . the system dynamics method is used to analyze the causality of the effect
   of governance mechanisms on value co_creation of the blockchain industry
   ecosystem , the model of system flow chart is established , and vensim ple
   software is used to perform simulation and sensitivity analyzes of the model
   . the results show that : both contract governance and trust governance can
   positively affect the value co_creation of the blockchain industry ecosystem
   . due to the existence of bounded rationality , compared with contract
   governance , trust governance has a more significant impact on system
   resource innovation and value co_creation . there is a co_existence effect
   among contract governance and trust governance , and compared with the
   single effect , the co_existence effect of two can promote the value
   co_creation process of the blockchain industry ecosystem more actively . the
   research results reveal the internal laws of the value co_creation and
   provide valuable insights into the exploitation of governance mechanisms to
   facilitate effectively the value creation of the blockchain industry
   ecosystem . 2022 by the authors . licensee mdpi , basel , switzerland .
DE blockchain; governance mechanism; industry ecosystem; system dynamics; value
   co-creation
ID exploitation; governance approach; innovation; simulation; software;
   transaction cost

---

UT 373
AR Abdikarimova D, 2026, ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV, V92, DOI 10.1016/j.esd.2026.101966
TI Understanding the dynamics of household solar PV adoption in Uzbekistan
AU Abdikarimova D; Ibragimov A; Sidique SF/1; Arifuzzaman M; Brindal M
TC 0
SO ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2026
AB uzbekistan is embarking on a transition in renewable energy to meet its 2030
   goals of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 35 % and increasing the share
   of renewables in electricity generation to more than 50 % . although there
   is considerable potential for solar energy , the uptake of solar
   photovoltaic ( pv ) systems in residential settings is hindered by financial
   , regulatory , and behavioral challenges . this study employs a system
   dynamics approach to assess the impact of various policy
   interventions_specifically feed_in tariffs , tax exemptions , installation
   rebates , subsidized loans , and green certificates_on the adoption of
   residential photovoltaic systems in uzbekistan . the analysis utilizes a
   causal loop diagram alongside a stock and flow model developed in vensim to
   simulate different scenarios , assessing the effects of these interventions
   on the enhancement of photovoltaic capacity , revenue generation , and the
   reduction of carbon dioxide emissions . the results demonstrate that
   subsidized loans represent the most efficient policy tool , promoting
   sustainable growth in photovoltaic adoption and achieving significant
   emissions reduction outcomes . the findings provide crucial information for
   decision_makers in uzbekistan and similar developing nations . they
   emphasize the importance of direct financial assistance strategies to
   overcome investment challenges and accelerate the shift toward renewable
   energy . this study highlights the importance of system dynamics modeling as
   a key tool for developing effective and sustainable energy strategies . 2026
   international energy initiative
DE energy transition; financial incentives; household adoption; renewable
   energy policy; uzbekistan
ID uzbekistan; dynamics; economics; energy conservation; energy policy;
   greenhouse gasses; investments; photovoltaic effects; photovoltaics; solar
   energy; solar power generation; sustainable development; system theory;
   taxation; energy transitions; financial incentives; greenhouse gas
   emissions; household adoption; photovoltaics; renewable energies; renewable
   energy policy; renewables; solar photovoltaics; uzbekistan; alternative
   energy; carbon emission; energy policy; household energy; incentive;
   photovoltaic system; solar power; carbon dioxide; housing

---

UT 374
AR Lu Q, 2025, J SAF ENV, V25, P3339, DOI 10.13637/j.issn.1009-6094.2025.0391
TI Research on the green and low-carbon transformation path for flat glass
   enterprises using DEMATEL SD methodology; [基于 DEMATEL SD 的平板玻璃企业绿色低碳转型路径研究]
AU Lu Q; Dong M
TC 0
SO J SAF ENV
PY 2025
AB this study integrates the decision making trial and evaluation laboratory (
   dematel ) method with a system dynamics model to systematically investigate
   the green and low_carbon transformation path for flat glass enterprises .
   first , we define the concept of green and low_carbon transformation
   specific to these enterprises and identify 22 key influencing factors across
   five core dimensions : technology , energy , resources , economy , and
   management . utilizing the dematel method , we clarify the causal
   relationships among these factors and pinpoint the core driving elements
   necessary for transformation . building on this foundation , a system
   dynamics model was constructed using vensim ple software , calibrated , and
   verified with data from china ' s flat glass enterprises spanning 2015 to
   2022 . five transformation paths were designed to enhance production
   technology , optimize the energy structure , achieve optimal resource
   allocation , elevate green value , and facilitate management adjustment and
   upgrading . additionally , seven scenarios were established to conduct
   simulation analyzes . the results indicate that each transformation path
   positively impacts the overall transition , with the comprehensive
   adjustment path yielding the most significant effect . by 2030 , this path
   is projected to increase the green low_carbon transformation index by 55 .
   15 % . the energy structure optimization path demonstrates a notable
   short_term impact on emission reduction , achieving a carbon emission
   intensity reduction of 10 . 66 % in the first year . meanwhile , the
   production technology improvement path exhibits a long_term cumulative
   effect , contributing as much as 49 . 43 % to the overall transformation in
   its later stages . the other paths also demonstrate positive outcomes . the
   other paths also demonstrate positive results , with key indicators showing
   significant improvements . notably , energy consumption per unit of product
   decreased by 25 . 36 % , while sulfur dioxide emissions per unit of product
   dropped by 30 . 14 % . additionally , the green economy benefits increased
   by 41 . 98 % . these findings further validate the scientific and effective
   design of the transformation paths . this study offers a theoretical
   foundation and practical reference for flat glass enterprises to develop
   scientific and feasible green and low_carbon transformation strategies . it
   recommends that these enterprises strengthen technological innovation ,
   implement phased adjustments to the energy structure , enhance resource
   allocation efficiency , improve green management mechanisms , and bolster
   the operational capacity of carbon assets . by doing so , they can
   effectively advance both green transformation and high_quality development
   in a synergistic manner . 2025 science china press . all rights reserved .
DE decision making trial; environmental engineering; evaluation laboratory;
   flat glass enterprise; green and low carbon transformation; system dynamics

---

UT 375
AR Gao N, 2022, MATH PROBL ENG, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/3778597
TI A System Dynamic Model of Closed-Loop Supply Chain considering Recovery
   Strengthening and Product Differentiation
AU Gao N; Qu L-C; Jiang Y-T
TC 2
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2022
AB considering the strengthening effect of recovery on demand and the product
   differentiation , a multifactor closed_loop supply chain ( clsc ) system
   dynamics ( sds ) model is established and is simulated using the vensim
   software . based on the simulation data , influences of factors of ' '
   policy effect , ' ' '' recovery delay time , ' ' '' recovery strengthening ,
   ' ' and ' ' recovery channel competitions ' ' on the clsc are analyzed . the
   results demonstrate that the order amplification and inventory amplification
   are all better than those of the traditional supply chain . demands for
   remanufactured products and new products both reach the stable states in the
   later period . in addition , the variance analysis indicates that all the
   factors have a significant effect on the order and inventory amplifications
   in clsc . finally , some managerial implications are put forward . 2022 niu
   gao et al .
ID recovery; closed-loop; multifactor; on demands; policy effects; product
   differentiation; recovery delay; simulation data; strengthening effect;
   system dynamics modeling; vensim softwares; supply chains

---

UT 376
AR Hasan MS, 2025, INT J KNOWL PROCESS STUD, V5, P171, DOI
   10.22034/kps.2024.481766.1205
TI Extracting Knowledge from Human Behavior to Present the Valuating Model: A
   Case Study of Difficult Employees
AU Hasan MS; Dalvi MR; Jasim FA; Peykani MH
TC 0
SO INT J KNOWL PROCESS STUD
PY 2025
AB extracting knowledge from human behavior to develop a model of value systems
   involves analyzing and identifying patterns and complex relationships among
   variables related to human behavior in social or organizational contexts .
   this process investigates the interactions between factors that influence
   both individual and group behavior , employing analytical and modeling
   techniques , including system dynamics . the purpose of this research is to
   extract knowledge from human behavior to present the valuating model ,
   specifically through a case study of difficult employees at maysan
   university . in this context , it is crucial to collect both qualitative and
   quantitative data on human behavior , analyze feedback , and identify
   underlying trends . the results of these analyzes can help create predictive
   models and offer solutions to enhance the performance of organizations and
   social systems , ultimately generating sustainable value . this research was
   conducted using a qualitative_inductive approach , employing the stirling
   and darling method ( nvivo ) , alongside a quantitative approach utilizing
   system dynamics ( vensim ) . the primary data collection tool was a
   semi_structured interview . applying the grounded theory method , the data
   obtained from interviews with 16 experts in the field of education and
   training_specifically , administrators and educational experts from maysan
   university_were coded in three stages . the general category encompasses
   negative organizational behaviors , including negative management practices
   , anxiety factors , organizational injuries , a detrimental organizational
   culture , poor communication , inappropriate organizational changes ,
   ineffective leadership , incorrect policies and procedures , and an
   unsuitable work environment . authors .
DE difficult employees; human behavior; knowledge; knowledge extraction;
   sterling darling; system dynamics

---

UT 377
AR Amega K, 2022, ENERGY EFFIC, V15, DOI 10.1007/s12053-022-10044-x
TI Energy efficiency impact on urban residential’s electricity consumption and
   carbon dioxide reduction: a case study of Lomé, Togo
AU Amega K; Lare Y; Moumouni Y
TC 3
SO ENERGY EFFIC
PY 2022
AB urban areas ' energy consumption accounts for almost three fourths the
   global energy use with 70 % of the related emissions . therefore , cities
   play a meaningful role in decoupling economic growth from greenhouse gasses
   ( ghgs ) emissions . this study presents a system dynamic approach to model
   the energy efficiency impact on the togolese capital city ' s residential
   electricity consumption and carbon dioxide emissions reduction . the time
   spans from 2000 to 2050 . an assessment of household appliances , such as
   lighting , refrigeration , cooling , and ventilation , was conducted along
   with monitoring electricity consumption of used and newly bought televisions
   , refrigerators , and freezers . then , using stella software , lome ' s
   residential electricity consumption model was built based on the following
   variables : ( 1 ) population , ( 2 ) the number of existing households with
   access to electricity , ( 3 ) new homes having access to electricity , and (
   4 ) per capita electricity consumption . the model was calibrated and
   validated using data for the years 2000 to 2016 . afterward , this previous
   knowledge was used to evaluate three efficient energy policies : 1 )
   business_as_usual scenario , 2 ) new policies scenario , and 3 ) sensitivity
   scenario . lome ' s households present a predominantly low efficient
   appliances percentage . therefore , the study found that substituting
   inefficient electric appliances with new and efficient models can lead togo
   to substantial energy savings and reduce co2 emissions of about 680 gwh and
   350 kt in the horizon of 2050 , respectively . additionally , the findings
   of this study could stimulate policymakers to audit other sectors to
   implement related energy efficiency policies and / or set up corresponding
   energy management strategies in neighboring emerging countries . 2022 , the
   author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer nature b . v .
DE carbon dioxide; electricity-consumption; energy efficiency; residential
   sector; system dynamics
ID lome; togo; domestic appliances; economics; electric power utilization;
   emission control; energy efficiency; energy policy; global warming;
   greenhouse gasses; housing; refrigerators; carbon dioxide reduction; case-
   studies; electricity-consumption; energy use; energy consumption; global
   energy; residential electricity-consumption; residential sectors; system
   dynamics; urban areas; carbon dioxide; carbon emission; emission control;
   energy efficiency; energy management; energy policy; energy use; residential
   energy; urban area; carbon dioxide

---

UT 378
AR Matlakala ME, 2021, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, P1589
TI Systems dynamics modelling of the water supply problem in the Limpopo
   province of South Africa
AU Matlakala ME; Von Kallon DV
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2021
AB most of poor rural communities based in the north_eastern parts of south
   africa such as in the limpopo province face shortage of water with mostly no
   access to clean portable water . the water shortage is caused by the lack of
   proper management of the existing water systems , such that water is lost in
   the system through leaking and burst pipes . the water scarcity has become
   the top agenda priority for the local governments in the province especially
   considering the drought level due to lack of rain . the issue of water
   scarcity affects households as well as the industrial and agricultural
   sectors serving these rural communities . most of the areas have
   contaminated water because of lack of proper purification plants and pumping
   systems . the purpose of this study is to model the water supply chain to
   determine the nature and causes of poor delivery in the system . system
   dynamic model is developed using the vensim software . the system is
   simulated to determine opportunities for improvement . the systems dynamics
   modeling is discussed herein . ieom society international .
DE communities; efficiency; pipes; pumping system; simulation; system dynamics;
   water

---

UT 379
AR Karthick K, 2023, BR FOOD J, V125, P626, DOI 10.1108/BFJ-06-2021-0702
TI Maximising profit by waste reduction in postharvest Supply Chain of tomato
AU Karthick K; Boris Ajit A; Subramanaian V; Anbuudayasankar SP; Narassima MS;
   Hariharan D
TC 11
SO BR FOOD J
PY 2023
AB purpose : the paper aims to analyze the postharvest supply chain ( sc ) of
   tomatoes to maximize profit by restructuring the modes of operation . design
   / methodology / approach : system dynamics_based simulation of four
   scenarios depicting different operational modes of postharvest food sc was
   employed . real_time of tamil nadu state , india was used to enact the
   scenarios using vensim . findings : results indicated that cold storage
   improved the profit of wholesalers by prolonging the shelf_life of
   commodities . retailers and farmers gained more profit in the absence of
   wholesalers . though the absence of middlemen reduces the transit time and
   prevents deterioration , the role of wholesalers , i . e . transporting the
   commodities to farther customers ' needs to be shouldered by other agents
   effectively to minimize losses . research limitations / implications : the
   accuracy of the results depend on the exactness of the data collected . the
   simulation findings , on the other hand , could be helpful in
   decision_making as these models portray the actual operational modes of
   postharvest sc . the suitability of each network structure depends on the
   capabilities of the agents , market scenario and demography . implications
   based on discussions with stakeholders and in terms of establishing
   dedicated societies ( cooperatives ) have been provided . originality /
   value : postharvest losses incurred for horticultural crops like tomatoes
   are significantly high . it is of much importance to india as agriculture
   contributes to 17 % of the gross domestic product ( gdp ) and india is the
   second_largest producer of tomatoes globally . the study would she would
   light on restructuring the network appropriately . 2022 , emerald publishing
   limited .
DE postharvest supply chain; stock and flow model; system dynamics; tomato
ID agricultural worker; agriculture; article; crop; cryopreservation; decision
   making; demography; deterioration; gross national product; human; nonhuman;
   organization; postharvest period; profit; shelf life; simulation; tamil
   nadu; tomato

---

UT 380
AR Fu Y, 2021, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V33, P973, DOI
   10.16182/j.issn1004731x.joss.19-0648
TI Modeling and Simulation of Electric Vehicle Industry Development Based on
   System Dynamics; [基于系统动力学的电动汽车产业发展建模与仿真]
AU Fu Y; Xia T
TC 13
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2021
AB new energy electric vehicle are the main trend of automobile industry
   upgrading . it plays an important role in ensuring the energy security and
   improving the ecological environment . it is of theoretical and practical
   significance to carry out research on the development of new energy electric
   vehicles . the affecting factors are systematically analyzed , the causal
   relationship model and stock flow model are established , and the dynamic
   equation of the model are determined and the parameter assignments are made
   . the model is verified and the system simulation and analysis are performed
   . the development trend and main influencing factors of new energy electric
   vehicles are explored . the countermeasures for the development of electric
   vehicle industry are put forward from the aspects of government subsidies ,
   key technological breakthroughs , charging and replacement infrastructure
   construction , and consumer market cultivation . 2021 , the editorial board
   of journal of system simulation . all right reserved .
DE electric vehicle; system dynamics; system simulation; vensim

---

UT 381
AR Wang H/9, 2025, ENV SCI ENG, VPart F97, P93, DOI 10.1007/978-3-031-47757-7_7
TI Environmental Benefits Evaluation of Construction CO2 Emission Reduction
   Management Using System Dynamics Approach
AU Wang H/9; Wei S; Chen X/5; Wang Z/7; Xu Q
TC 0
SO ENV SCI ENG
PY 2025
AB with the rapid development of urbanization , a huge amount of greenhouse_gas
   has been generated from increasing higher amounts of construction activities
   , which has significant negative impacts on the environment if they are not
   properly managed . therefore , more and more scholars start to research the
   co2 emissions reduction of construction industry . however , it has been
   determined that existing studies with respect to co2 emissions reduction are
   mainly carried out from a static perspective , without considering the
   dynamic and interdependent nature of the whole co2 emissions reduction
   system . therefore , based on literature review and interview survey ,
   vensim software was used to establish a system dynamic model of construction
   co2 emissions reduction management at the construction stage and simulate
   the environmental benefits of construction co2 emissions reduction
   management . the application of the proposed model is shown by using a case
   . the simulation results indicate that the co2 emissions reduction
   management can reduce 10.84 % of co2 emissions . in the meantime , the co2
   emissions reduction management achieves good environmental benefits
   including saving energy consumption of 59,718.5 kgce , saving waste landfill
   of 8434.28 m3 and the reduction of global warming potential of 3620.51
   tco2_e . scenario analysis reveals that using low_carbon materials has the
   optimal reduction effect in single measure , which can reduce 16.50 % of
   co2emissions . compared with a single measure , the maximum emissions
   reduction of multiple measures can reach 21.05 % . therefore , in order to
   realize best environmental benefits of construction co2 emissions reduction
   management , multiple measures should be used simultaneously , such as using
   low_carbon materials , recycling and reusing materials and improving
   operation efficiency of construction equipment . this study can help
   construction professionals determine the optimal emissions reduction
   strategy and provide references for project managers in assessing the
   reduction outcomes of construction projects and the environmental benefits .
   the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer nature switzerland ag
   2025 .
DE co2 emissions reduction management; environmental benefits; system dynamic
ID carbon capture and utilization; carbon sequestration; direct air capture;
   greenhouse gas emissions; kyoto protocol; project management; zero-carbon; %
   reductions; carbon material; co 2 emission; co2 emission reduction
   management; emission reduction; environmental benefits; greenhouses gas; low
   carbon; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; low emission

---

UT 382
AR Han C, 2021, PROC IEEE INT CONF TECHNOL BIG DATA ARTIF INTELL ICIBA, P70,
   DOI 10.1109/ICIBA52610.2021.9688152
TI Operational Effectiveness Evaluation of Reconnaissance Satellite System
   based on System Dynamics Model
AU Han C; Xiong W; Liu W/1; Yu X/1; Jian P
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF TECHNOL BIG DATA ARTIF INTELL ICIBA
PY 2021
AB in order to study changes in the effectiveness of reconnaissance satellite
   system ( rss ) in supporting maritime operations , based on the key factors
   of dynamic confrontation system of the offensive and defensive parties , the
   feedback relationships between variables are analyzed . according to the
   feedback relationship , a system dynamics ( sd ) model based on lanchester
   equation was established and simulated on the vensim platform to compare and
   analyze operational effectiveness of different rss allocation schemes .
   simulation analysis shows that rss can increase the rate of detection and
   acquisition of information and accelerate the loss of the enemy . at the
   same time , when the sensor parameters are similar , increasing the number
   of weapons can significantly reduce the loss , which provides a certain
   theoretical support for decision_making analysis in combat . 2021 ieee .
DE emergence; evaluation; operational effectiveness; reconnaissance satellite
   system; system dynamics
ID communication satellites; decision making; feedback; emergence; evaluation;
   key factors; maritime operation; operational effectiveness; operational
   effectiveness evaluations; reconnaissance satellite system; reconnaissance
   satellites; satellite system; system dynamics modeling; system theory

---

UT 383
AR Sokame BM, 2025, INT J TROP INSECT SCI, DOI 10.1007/s42690-025-01666-6
TI System dynamics modelling of temperature effects on stemborer phenology in
   Kenyan maize ecosystems
AU Sokame BM; Tonnang HEZ; Abdel-Rahman E; Villena OC
TC 1
SO INT J TROP INSECT SCI
PY 2025
AB this research investigates how temperature impacts insect pest phenology and
   population dynamics , focusing on maize stemborers , busseola fusca and
   chilo partellus , across kenya ' s agroecological zones . utilizing system
   thinking archetypes and system dynamics modeling with vensim plp 9.0
   software , it explores the interactions between insect life stages ,
   temperature , and host plant availability . the study revealed that b .
   fusca is more suited to highland regions while c . partellus prefers lowland
   areas . notably , the larval stage , responsible for significant crop damage
   , constituted 32 to 42 % of the population within the agroecosystem ,
   underscoring its pivotal role in pest population dynamics . the model
   captures the cyclical nature of these populations , emphasizing the
   importance of region_specific pest management strategies to address the
   varying dynamics in different zones . the findings advocate for the
   development of tailored pest management approaches that may also serve as
   early warning systems , enabling proactive pest control . this approach
   could help minimize the reliance on chemical pesticides , promoting
   sustainable agricultural practices and enhancing food security . the
   research highlights the necessity of understanding regional pest behaviors
   and offers comprehensive strategies for managing pests in the context of
   climate change , thus contributing to sustainable agricultural development
   and ecological preservation . african association of insect scientists 2025
   .
DE holometabolous insect; maize stemborers; phenology; population dynamics;
   system dynamics modeling; system thinking

---

UT 384
AR Guo R-F, 2022, PROC - INT CONF BIG DATA ARTIF INTELL RISK MANAG ICBAR, P135,
   DOI 10.1109/ICBAR58199.2022.00033
TI Research on the spread of infectious diseases based on computer simulation
AU Guo R-F
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF BIG DATA ARTIF INTELL RISK MANAG ICBAR
PY 2022
AB the virus has a big impact on the whole world . the new coronavirus has a
   great impact on everyone is life and will even lead to changes in the world
   pattern . because of the virus , society is not functioning properly , the
   recession , people ' s expectations of economic development are falling .
   trains and planes were suspended in some areas . in this paper , computer is
   used to simulate sir model , based on system dynamics , to study the spread
   of infectious diseases . the sir model passes reality and limit tests . on
   the basis of the original model , supplementing the original model ,
   isolation and vaccination can effectively stop the spread of the virus . it
   can slow the outbreak of the virus and reduce the number of infected people
   . panic comes from the unknown , and our confidence in defeating the
   2019_ncov virus comes from our scientific base . 2022 ieee .
DE sir model; system dynamics; vensim
ID system theory; viruses; coronaviruses; economic development; infectious
   disease; model-based opc; original model; scientific basis; sir model;
   system dynamics; vensim; diseases

---

UT 385
AR Hou J, 2021, PROC - INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS ENG ECIE, P345, DOI
   10.1109/ECIE52353.2021.00077
TI Research on Operational Effectiveness Evaluation of Network Information
   System Based on System Dynamics
AU Hou J; Wang L/3; Lin Z; Gao M
TC 2
SO PROC - INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS ENG ECIE
PY 2021
AB the operational effectiveness generation of network information system is
   characterized by nonlinear , variable weight and multiple feedback , and the
   internal structure feedback relationship and operating mechanism are also
   extremely repetitive . based on the theory of system dynamics , a dynamic
   model of operational effectiveness evaluation system of network information
   system with feedback loop as the core element is constructed . taking joint
   border counterattack operations as an example , vensim simulation platform
   was used to simulate and analyze its combat effectiveness , system
   contribution rate and system sensitivity . the simulation results showed
   that system dynamics theory had a significant effect on exploring the
   internal operation mechanism of network information system . 2021 ieee .
DE effectiveness evaluation; network information system; system dynamics
ID information use; system theory; combat effectiveness; internal operations;
   internal structure; network information systems; operating mechanism;
   operational effectiveness; operational effectiveness evaluations; system
   sensitivity; information systems

---

UT 386
AR Mofarrahi M, 2023, EUR J INT MANAG, V20, P167, DOI 10.1504/ejim.2023.131364
TI System dynamics simulation model for inventory optimisation of
   manufacturers: a case study in electrical industry
AU Mofarrahi M; Galankashi MR; Helmi SA; Rafiei FM
TC 0
SO EUR J INT MANAG
PY 2023
AB system dynamics ( sd ) is an approach to understand the behavior of complex
   systems over the time . although sd has been applied in different areas ,
   its integration with fuzzy inventory optimization is less investigated . in
   addition , customers ' demand fluctuation is a significant factor in
   inventory optimization which is not studied in previous literature .
   therefore , this study applies sd to consider customers ' demand fluctuation
   and improve the inventory level of companies . particularly , a sd model is
   constructed in ithink software to represent the inventory level of the
   companies . following , the stock and flow diagrams ( sfds ) are applied to
   represent the structure of the system . next , three variables of demand
   variation , demand average and the highest demand are modeled in matlab
   simulink fuzzy controller to optimize the inventory . according to the
   obtained results , the inventory level of the considered case study is
   optimized by applying the developed model . finally , obtained results are
   compared with the current inventory level of the company and some managerial
   implications are suggested . copyright 2023 inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE inventory optimization; ithink software; matlab simulink; system dynamics

---

UT 387
AR Chai Y, 2024, LECT NOTES OPER RES, VPart F4842, P1803, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-97-1949-5_126
TI Smart Cities, Resilient Cities and Sustainable Cities, a New Triangular
   Stable City Model Built
AU Chai Y; Gunawan I/1; Zuo J; Nguyen N
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES OPER RES
PY 2024
AB smart cities , resilient cities and sustainable cities are three city models
   that are currently the focus of academia and society . smart cities focus on
   technology and science , resilient cities emphasize resilience , and
   sustainable cities represent the future of a city . there is a relatively
   large amount of urban research on the three domains . still , there is a gap
   in the academic community regarding the common influence of the three urban
   attributes on the city and the relationship between the three urban
   attributes . while multiple attributes and functions exist in a city , this
   study uses nvivo software for qualitative analysis and vensim , a system
   dynamics software , for causal loop diagram ( cld ) demonstration to
   reorganize these three urban models . thus , this study fills a gap in the
   current field by integrating these three city models and creating a new
   triangular stable city model through cld . overall , the results of this
   study propose a new triangular stable city model and use systems thinking to
   provide insights for urban planning and construction . the author ( s ) ,
   under exclusive license to springer nature singapore pte ltd . 2024 .
DE complex systems; disaster; resilience cities; smart cities; sustainable
   cities

---

UT 388
AR Yamazaki F, 2021, WORLD CONF EARTHQ ENG PROC, V2021
TI SIMULATION OF RECOVERY PROCESS OF LIFELINE SYSTEMS AFTER THE 2016 KUMAMOTO
   EARTHQUAKE USING SYSTEM DYNAMICS
AU Yamazaki F; Nagata S; Suzuki S
TC 1
SO WORLD CONF EARTHQ ENG PROC
PY 2021
AB system dynamics ( sd ) is a numerical tool to model and simulate the
   behavior of complicated interrelated systems . it has been used for analysis
   and decision support of various social , economic , and environmental
   problems . in this study , the restoration process of lifeline systems after
   the 2016 kumamoto , japan , earthquake was modeled by system dynamics using
   stella architect software . a series of earthquakes hit kumamoto prefecture
   in kyushu island , japan , on april 14 ( mw 6.2 ) and april 16 ( mw 7.0 ) ,
   2016 . strong seismic motions over 1g were recorded at some stations .
   scores of landslides were occurred in the mountainous areas and a large
   number of buildings were collapsed due to the strong seismic motion .
   lifeline systems , such as power supply , natural gas supply , water supply
   , and mobile telecommunications , were also affected severely because of
   physical damage to their structures and functional interruption due to power
   failure . the restoration processes of individual lifeline systems were
   modeled by system dynamics based on the technical reports , which describe
   the time series restoration process in kumamoto prefecture . by assigning a
   proper recovery rate , the restoration process of each lifeline was modeled
   and simulated by system dynamics . the refugee sheltering system in kumamoto
   prefecture was also modeled by sd . the lifeline sub_models and sheltering
   sub_model were then integrated into a synthesized sd model to simulate the
   interrelated restoration processes in kumamoto prefecture in the earthquake
   aftermath . based on the synthesized sd model , interrelated recovery
   processes , such as the restoration of mobile telecommunication system after
   power recovery and the home return of refugees after lifeline recovery ,
   were modeled and simulated properly . it is concluded that system dynamics
   can be used efficiently to make resilience plans in disaster response and
   recovery activities . the 17th world conference on earthquake engineering .
DE lifeline systems; restoration; simulation; system dynamics; the 2016
   kumamoto earthquake
ID vehicle to infrastructure; vehicle to vehicle communications; lifeline
   system; recovery process; restoration process; seismic motions; simulation;
   submodels; synthesized; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; the 2016
   kumamoto earthquake; mobile computing

---

UT 389
AR Chen X/2, 2025, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V32, P5099, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-07-2023-0738
TI Improving collaborative innovation performance in megaprojects: a system
   dynamic approach
AU Chen X/2; Zhu W; Chen Y; He Q/1
TC 7
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2025
AB purpose the development and evolution of stakeholder collaborative
   innovation in megaprojects is impacted by various influencing factors . the
   effect of influencing factors on collaborative innovation performance ( cip
   ) in megaprojects is not a simplistic linear relationship but an iterative
   and non_linear relationship that requires a dynamic perspective to analyze .
   therefore , this paper adopts the system dynamic ( sd ) approach to
   investigate the dynamic and interactive relationships between the cip and
   the influencing factors . design / methodology / approach the study first
   develops a research framework with the system boundary of ' ' cip system
   organizational collaboration subsystem knowledge collaboration subsystem
   strategic collaboration subsystem ' ' . then , the causal relationship model
   , the stock_flow model , and the mathematical equations were determined
   based on the literature review and the expert interviews . finally , five
   performance improvement scenarios were designed according to the practice
   context of cip in megaprojects , and simulations were performed using the
   vensim ple software to investigate the cip from a dynamic perspective .
   findings the findings reveal that the effect of different influencing
   factors on cip grows non_linearly , with the cumulative effect becoming more
   pronounced as time advances . the incentive mechanism has the most
   significant effect , and the combined effect of multiple influencing factors
   has a highly significant facilitating effect on improving cip . strategic
   collaboration , organizational collaboration and knowledge collaboration are
   mutually conditional and reinforcing with each other , which ultimately
   promotes the improvement of cip . originality / value this study uncovers
   the inherent pattern and the interactive dynamic mechanism of factors for
   improving cip in the context of megaprojects . it enriches the theoretical
   research in the area of collaborative innovation in megaprojects and
   provides practical management strategies for improving cip . 2024 emerald
   publishing limited
DE collaborative innovation performance; influencing factors; megaproject;
   system dynamics
ID collaborative innovation; collaborative innovation performance; influencing
   factor; innovation performance; knowledge collaboration; mega projects;
   megaprojects; organizational collaboration; system dynamics; system dynamics
   approach; dynamics

---

UT 390
AR Zhang X/10, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13121084
TI Theoretical Analysis of Dynamic Effects of Supply Chain Concentration on
   Inventory Management Performance: A System Dynamics Approach
AU Zhang X/10; Liu M; Zheng X/1; Gao S
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB amid global supply chain volatility , inventory management performance ( imp
   ) is vital to manufacturing competitiveness . supply chain concentration (
   scc ) , including supplier concentration ( sc ) and customer concentration (
   cc ) , has emerged as a key structural factor influencing imp , yet its
   dynamic effects remain unclear . this study develops an original system
   dynamics ( sd ) model to analyze how sc and cc affect imp under linear and
   random demand patterns . the model incorporates in_transit stock ,
   work_in_process and inventory levels as key state variables , with sc and cc
   as exogenous inputs . using vensim ple 7.3.5 , simulation and sensitivity
   analyzes were conducted and validated with ten years of operational data
   from two chinese listed manufacturing enterprises . the results show that sc
   exerts an inverted you_shaped effect on imp , with an optimal threshold near
   50 % . cc displays a you_shaped impact under a linear demand but an unstable
   influence under a random demand and contributes less significantly than sc .
   the findings suggest that enterprises should adjust sc toward 50 % and
   manage cc flexibly according to demand patterns , prioritizing sc
   optimization . these findings provide both theoretical insights and
   managerial implications for the dynamic regulation of suppliercustomer
   relationships and optimization of supply chain structures . 2025 by the
   authors .
DE customer concentration ( cc ); customer service level; financial
   performance; quality of inventory control; supplier concentration ( sc );
   system dynamics model ( sd )
ID competition; dynamics; inventory control; quality control; sales; structural
   optimization; supply chain management; supply chains; system theory;
   customer concentration; customer service levels; dynamic effects; financial
   performance; inventory management; performance; quality of inventory
   control; supplier concentration; system dynamic model; system dynamics
   modeling; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 391
AR Pang S, 2022, COMPUT INTELL NEUROSCI, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/9776138
TI System Dynamics Models of Online Lending Platform Based on Vensim Simulation
   Technology and Analysis of Interest Rate Evolution Trend
AU Pang S; Deng C; Chen S
TC 7
SO COMPUT INTELL NEUROSCI
PY 2022
AB this paper mainly focuses on the construction of a system dynamics model of
   an online lending platform and the application of vensim simulation
   technology in the analysis of the evolution trend of the investment interest
   rate . the system dynamics flow graph models of the investment subsystem ,
   loan subsystem , and interest rate subsystem of the online lending platform
   were innovatively constructed . the level variable , flow rate variable ,
   auxiliary variable , and mathematical relations between these variables as
   they relate to the platform were innovatively studied . based on the key
   variables of the online lending platform , a system dynamics model of the
   online lending platform was innovatively constructed . the parameters were
   assigned using data from china ' s online lending industry , and the logical
   consistency , sensitivity , and validity of the simulation data of the
   system dynamics model were tested . finally , we used vensim simulation
   technology to simulate and analyze the impact of emergency scenarios on the
   interest rate evolution trend . overall , this paper provides a scientific
   simulation technology and data analysis method for examining online lending
   platforms . 2022 sulin pang et al .
ID computer simulation; industry; investments; technology; finance; simulation
   platform; system theory; dynamic flows; evolution trend; flow graphs; graph
   model; interest rates; simulation analysis; simulation data; simulation
   technologies; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; computer
   simulation; industry; investment; technology; flow graphs

---

UT 392
AR Di Nardo M, 2022, APPL SYST INNOV, V5, DOI 10.3390/asi5030045
TI A New Hybrid Dynamic FMECA with Decision-Making Methodology: A Case Study in
   An Agri-Food Company
AU Di Nardo M; Murino T; Osteria G; Santillo LC
TC 28
SO APPL SYST INNOV
PY 2022
AB the failure mode and effect analysis ( fmea ) is often used to improve a
   system ' s reliability . this paper proposes a new approach that aims to
   overcome the most critical defects of the traditional fmea . this new
   methodology combines the entropy and best worst method ( bwm ) methodology
   with the edas and system dynamics , fmeca : the en_b_ed dynamic fmeca . the
   main innovation point of the proposed work is the presence of an unknown
   factor ( cost ) that allows to obtain an objective weighted factor , a risk
   index when a machine failure occurs . the criticality analysis has been
   carried out using software ( vensim ple x64 ) to simulate system dynamics
   models to identify corrective actions and evaluate the possible
   implementation of these actions . the methodology proposed is applied to a
   case study in a relevant italian company in the agri_food sector . 2022 by
   the authors . licensee mdpi , basel , switzerland .
DE bwm; edas method; entropy method; fmea; fmeca; mcdm; system dynamics

---

UT 393
AR Adnanta AR, 2025, J OPTIMASI SIST IND, V24, P37, DOI
   10.25077/josi.v24.n1.p37-62.2025
TI Modeling Consumer Willingness to Consider Electric Motorcycles in Indonesia:
   A System Dynamics Approach
AU Adnanta AR; Raung RZ; Sutopo W; Susila I
TC 1
SO J OPTIMASI SIST IND
PY 2025
AB sustainable transport plays a key role in the fight against climate change ,
   particularly in developing countries where reliance on conventional vehicles
   is high . motorcycles account for the majority of the fleet of motor
   vehicles in indonesia and contribute significantly to emissions . in order
   to achieve its paris target of a 29 percent reduction of carbon emissions ,
   the government is encouraging electric cars with various incentives . this
   study develops a willingness to consider ( wtc ) model for electric
   motorcycles in indonesia based on the powertrain technology transition
   market agent model ( pttmam ) and utilizes vensim software to simulate
   outcomes . the wtc model is built on the assumption that consumers '
   willingness to consider electric motorcycles is influenced by factors such
   as costs , marketing , and exposures . the system dynamics model consists of
   four modules : the conventional motorcycle , the electric motorcycle , the
   marketing module , and the willingness to consider module . the simulation
   results show an increasing trend in consumers ' willingness to consider
   electric motorcycles from 2017_2035 , with the wtc value reaching 0.3209 in
   2035 . while this indicates a positive shift toward greater consumer
   interest in electric motorcycles , the growth remains modest and slow ,
   reflecting the challenges of widespread adoption . additionally , this study
   evaluates three government incentive and subsidy policy scenarios . the
   scenario results indicate that government subsidies and incentives can
   increase the consumers ' willingness to consider electric motorcycles in
   indonesia , thereby increasing their market share . among the scenarios ,
   the purchase price subsidy is the most effective , as it directly reduces
   the f inancial barrier , encouraging more consumers to make the switch to
   electric motorcycles . 2025 , authors . all rights reserved .
DE electric motorcycle; incentive policy; system dynamics; technology
   transition; willingness to consider

---

UT 394
AR Jamal FN, 2021, J ASIAN FINANC ECON BUS, V8, P427, DOI
   10.13106/jafeb.2021.vol8.no2.0427
TI Evaluating Information Credibility Toward Green Marketing in Indonesia
AU Jamal FN; Othman NA; Saleh RC; Nurhanay AH; Rohmah W
TC 6
SO J ASIAN FINANC ECON BUS
PY 2021
AB this study aims to identify variables , which have relationship to the
   information credibility toward brand trust . other than that , this study
   also proposes a system dynamics approach method , where the time to achieve
   different credible information can be modeled efficiently and by using
   variable_oriented simulation methods . data , which are used for testing ,
   are derived from 400 questionnaires . data for sem are collected by using
   questionnaire and are processed using amos software to identify the result
   whether it is proper to determine the proper variables and the indicators ,
   which will be processed in the simulation using powersim . the result shows
   that , from six variables proposed , five are significant variables that
   support the information credibility . the value of information credibility
   has fluctuated in 10 years . the important aspect in business activity is a
   business strategy that incorporates marketing activities . many companies
   are adopting green marketing practice to achieve a better business
   performance , so that information credibility factor is needed . over the
   past few years , numerous industries in indonesia have increased awareness
   toward green movement . some companies apply the whole process of creating
   green products , while others only do so partially , but this is a good
   approach to green business development in indonesia nonetheless . copyright
   : the author ( s ) this is an open access article distributed under the
   terms of the creative commons attribution non_commercial license (
   https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by_nc/4.0/ ) which permits unrestricted
   non_commercial use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium ,
   provided the original work is properly cited .
DE green marketing; information credibility; property industry; structural
   equation modeling; system dynamics

---

UT 395
AR Bin Asad S, 2026, CONSTR MANAG ECON, DOI 10.1080/01446193.2026.2648601
TI Interactions of factors affecting the implementation of Integrated Project
   Delivery in the New Zealand construction industry: a system dynamics and
   network analysis approach
AU Bin Asad S; Purushothaman MB; Poshdar M
TC 0
SO CONSTR MANAG ECON
PY 2026
AB integrated project delivery ( ipd ) is a collaborative project delivery
   approach that brings together people , systems , and practices to reduce
   waste , enhance sustainability , and improve project outcomes . this study
   examined the factors and their interactions hindering ipd implementation in
   new zealand ( nz ) through 18 semi_structured interviews with local
   construction professionals . using manual coding and vensim visualization ,
   the study identified key challenges and their interactions . critical
   factors include resistance to change , low technology adoption , high
   initial investment costs , insufficient mutual respect and trust , client '
   s resistance , and lack of industry standardization . key challenges in nz
   include a lack of information on ipd outcomes , a limited number of
   contractors and consultants , governance conflicts , a preference for
   traditional models , resistance to change among experienced professionals ,
   contractor liquidations , subcontractors taking main contractor roles , and
   project size . the research used network analysis methods , such as degree
   and eigenvector centrality , and causal chain analysis to identify critical
   factors and chains affecting ipd uptake . the findings compare nz ' s
   challenges with global experiences , highlighting both unique and common
   obstacles . while the limited sample size ( 18 professionals ) is a
   constraint , the research provides insights to help researchers and
   practitioners address factors and their interactions to support sustainable
   construction practices in nz . 2026 the author ( s ) . published by informa
   uk limited , trading as taylor and francis group .
DE factors; integrated project delivery ( ipd ); interactions; network
   analysis; system dynamics
ID chains; contractors; factor analysis; sustainable development; system
   theory; analysis approach; critical factors; factor; integrated project
   deliveries; integrated project delivery; interaction; new zealand;
   resistance to change; system dynamics; systems networks; construction
   industry

---

UT 396
AR Li X/13, 2025, PLOS, V20, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0330100
TI Modeling and simulation of railway safety management with public supervision
   and dynamic incentives: A four-party evolutionary game and system dynamics
   approach
AU Li X/13; Cao X/1; Deng J; Li X/18
TC 1
SO PLOS
PY 2025
AB railway accidents pose a significant threat to the industry , necessitating
   enhanced research into railway transportation safety . this study integrated
   a public oversight framework into the existing safety governance structure
   of railway transport operators , utilizing a four_party evolutionary game
   model and system dynamics for enhancement . simulations conducted with
   vensim software demonstrate that increased public supervision increases
   safety operation rates and improves the safety_related productivity of
   auxiliary enterprises . however , uncertainties in the evolutionary strategy
   process were identified . to address equilibrium fluctuations , a dynamic
   reward_punishment mechanism was developed . the optimized system achieved a
   safety operation rate of 99.7 % , enhanced the safety_related productivity
   of the auxiliary enterprises to 93.2 % , and increased the public
   supervision rate to 87.2 % . these findings indicate that effective public
   participation and dynamic incentives can significantly improve safety
   management and prevent losses in railway sectors , offering valuable
   theoretical and practical insights for global railway enterprises . 2025 li
   et al . this is an open access article distributed under the terms of the
   creative commons attribution license , which permits unrestricted use ,
   distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author
   and source are credited .
ID computer simulation; game theory; humans; models theoretical; motivation;
   railroads; safety management; article; dynamics; game; incentive; open
   access publishing; participation; punishment; railway; reward; safety;
   simulation; software; traffic and transport; computer simulation; game;
   human; motivation; procedures; theoretical model

---

UT 397
AR Lu F, 2022, LINYE KEXUE/SCI SILVAE SIN, V58, P161, DOI
   10.11707/j.1001-7488.20220517
TI Risk of Forestry Carbon Sink Project Based on Coupling Effect;
   [基于耦合效应的林业碳汇项目风险]
AU Lu F; Gu G; Cao X; Wu W
TC 1
SO LINYE KEXUE/SCI SILVAE SIN
PY 2022
AB objective based on the perspective of the risk coupling effect of forestry
   carbon sink projects , the risk level was measured and evaluated in this
   study , in order to provide decision_making reference for the risk
   supervision of project operators and government departments . method a
   questionnaire of 113 forestry carbon sink experts from different fields was
   conducted on the risk categories , risk occurrence probability and influence
   degree of forestry carbon sink projects . firstly , the project risks were
   classified concretely , and the project risk list was formed , including 4
   risk subsystems such as nature , technology , market and policy , with a
   total of 22 risk factors . then , according to the literature and combined
   with the characteristics of forestry carbon sink project , the coupling
   relationship between risk factors within and among risk subsystems of
   forestry carbon sequestration projects was analyzed in detail . a system
   dynamics model for risk assessment of forestry carbon sequestration projects
   was constructed on the basis of risk coupling diagram and risk stock_flow
   diagram . all parameters of system dynamics operation were obtained , and
   vensim software was used to measure and evaluate the overall risk level and
   coupling effect of the project by scenario simulation method . result 1 )
   the coupling effect had a significant impact on the risk assessment result
   of forestry carbon sink projects , and the intensity of homogeneous coupling
   effect iwasgreater than heterogeneous coupling effect . when both
   homogeneous coupling and heterogeneous coupling effects were considered ,
   the overall risk level of forestry carbon sink projects was 6.784 , and the
   risk level is iii . however , when both homogeneous coupling effect and
   heterogeneous coupling effect were not considered , only heterogeneous
   coupling effect or homogeneous coupling effect was considered , the overall
   risk level of forestry carbon sink projects decreased to 0.355 , 0.929 and
   3.102 respectively , and the risk levels changed to i , i and ii
   respectively . 2 ) the coupling effects of different risk subsystems were
   obviously different . specifically , under three different scenarios , in
   which only homogeneous coupling effect , heterogeneous coupling effect and
   two coupling effects were considered simultaneously , the order of coupling
   effect of each risk subsystem was market risk > policy risk > technology
   risk > natural risk . 3 ) only considering the homogeneous coupling scenario
   , the coupling effect of ' ' carbon sink price change and carbon market
   supply change ' ' was the strongest . only considering the heterogeneous
   coupling effect , the coupling effect of ' ' the change of national emission
   reduction policy and the change of carbon market supply ' ' was the
   strongest . considering the two coupling effects at the same time , the
   coupling effect of ' ' the change of national emission reduction policy and
   the change of carbon market supply ' ' was the strongest . 4 ) in terms of
   risk level and coupling effect , the market and policy risks were relatively
   large , while the technical and natural risks were relatively small , but
   the heterogeneous coupling effect can gradually enlarge the overall risk of
   the project . conclusion in the risk supervision of forestry carbon sink
   projects , we should not only pay attention to the risk level itself , but
   also attach importance to the coupling effect between risks , and guard
   against the evolution between risks and the rise of the overall risk level
   from the source . 2022 chinese society of forestry . all rights reserved .
DE coupling effect; forestry carbon sink project; risk; system dynamics
ID carbon; commerce; computer software; emission control; risk assessment; risk
   perception; system theory; timber; carbon markets; carbon sink; coupling
   effect; forestry carbon sink project; homogeneous couplings; market supply;
   overall risk level; project risk; risk levels; system dynamics; forestry

---

UT 398
AR Lugo-Niebla JR, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13110936
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Multicriteria Analysis Methods for Selecting
   Scenarios in a Harness Assembling Plant
AU Lugo-Niebla JR; Lagarda-Leyva EA; Acosta-Quintana MPG; Portugal-Vásquez J;
   Naranjo-Flores AA; Bueno-Solano A
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB the global automotive industry faces significant challenges with respect to
   its supply chain , particularly component scarcity and the increasing
   complexity of modern vehicles , which have severely impacted the production
   of high_tech harnesses . this study addresses the issues faced by a leading
   automotive harness manufacturing company in ciudad obregon , mexico ( an
   international company that requested confidentiality ) , which has suffered
   considerable economic losses ( over usd 2870 ) and production downtime due
   to component scarcity and delivery delays in component deliveries ,
   affecting ' ' crew grande ' ' harness production . this proposal aims to
   develop a technological solution with a graphical interface to support
   decision_making in the face of this scarcity . the methodology employed
   system dynamics to model the supply chain ' s complexity , using software
   such as stella architect for forrester diagrams and equations and vensim ple
   for causal diagrams . the model was validated with a relative error ,
   confirming its reliability . multicriteria decision_making ( mcdm ) was
   performed using the technique for order of preference by similarity to ideal
   solution ( topsis ) and faire un choix adequate ( fuca ) methods to evaluate
   15 scenarios ( normal , pessimistic , and optimistic ) , identifying the
   four most favorable scenarios for optimizing operational performance . the
   results demonstrate these solutions ' potential to mitigate losses , improve
   operational efficiency , and strengthen the company ' s position against
   market and demand fluctuations , especially for its main client , ford motor
   company , using a graphical user interface ( gui ) to support analysis and
   decision_making . 2025 by the authors .
DE harness manufacturing supply chain; multicriteria analysis method;
   quantitative scenario planning; system dynamics
ID automotive industry; decision making; dynamics; supply chains; system
   theory; analysis method; automotives; decisions makings; harness
   manufacturing supply chain; multicriteria analysis; multicriteria analyze
   method; multicriterion analysis; quantitative scenario planning; scenario
   planning; system dynamics; graphical user interfaces

---

UT 399
AR Nugroho T, 2025, AIP CONF PROC, V3234, DOI 10.1063/5.0259304
TI Simulation analysis model using system dynamics for forecast production
   amount
AU Nugroho T; Sriwana IK; Ardiansyah MN
TC 0
SO AIP CONF PROC
PY 2025
AB in the coal mining logistic concerned by this study , there are three
   activity production , coal inventory , and demand ( coal expenditure ) , and
   each activity is interconnected . rainy hours are one of the factors that
   affect the productivity of mechanical equipment in the production process ,
   which will also have an impact on the amount of production produced and
   other activities in the logistic . this study aims to forecast the amount of
   production produced based on rainy hours , and also how it impacts and
   relates to logistic flows using a system dynamic and vensim software , and
   also by considering the minimum amount of coal inventory in the main
   stockpile . the data used in this study are primary data that comes directly
   from the company and also secondary data comes from journals and official
   government websites . the results obtained from the system dynamics
   simulation results are the integration of the coal mining logistic , the
   forecasting of production amount for 12 months , the optimal amount of coal
   delivered from the alternative stockpile to the main stockpile , and the
   forecasting of demand for each mode for 12 months which means all the
   simulation result can be referenced for company determine the production
   target . the simulation results have been verified for units used and the
   model is declared valid because the error rate is < 5 % . the author also
   provides suggestions for companies to be able to increase the number of
   loaders but in this research , the suggested number of loaders can not be
   calculated due to research limitation and further researchers can develop
   this logistic integration model . 2025 author ( s ) .
DE coal mining; forecasting; integrated logistic; system

---

UT 400
AR Qin T/1, 2024, RISK MANAG HEAL POLIC, V17, P1227, DOI 10.2147/RMHP.S454748
TI Utilizing Group Model Building to Identify Barriers and Facilitators of
   Hypertension Management in Primary Health Care, China
AU Qin T/1; Li X/17; Qiao K; Bai X/1; Gu M; Wang Y/17
TC 2
SO RISK MANAG HEAL POLIC
PY 2024
AB purpose : group model building ( gmb ) is a qualitative method that refers
   to a participatory process . this project aims to identify barriers and
   facilitators of hypertension management in primary health care in china ,
   through which , the leverage point for intervention may be found . methods :
   the gmb was used to identify the factors influencing hypertension management
   . graphs over time and causal loop diagram ( cld ) were main tools of gmb .
   to propose the influencing factors , key stakeholders were invited to
   participate in a workshop . during the workshop , stakeholders were
   encouraged to plot the graphs over time of the variables about research
   issues and give a descriptive explanation . and based on this , a cld was
   initially developed to establish a model of the interaction of factors .
   after the workshop , the research group further improved the cld through
   repeated mutual discussions , and gave feedback to the participants . the
   vensim ple 9.0 software package was used to build cld . results : a total of
   14 key stakeholders were invited to participate in the workshop . finally ,
   26 influencing factors were identified , which were divided into three
   dimensions , including the institutional , the community health workers (
   chws ) , and the patient level . and 5 reinforcing loops and 4 balancing
   loops were formed in the cld . promoting the building of the medical
   community / regional medical association , implementing the family doctor
   contract service ( fdcs ) , and enhancing the motivation of chws may be
   potential leverage points for hypertension management in china . conclusion
   : by using gmb , we have identified key factors in the management of
   hypertension in primary health care and provided comprehensive suggestions
   to overcome the obstacles . 2024 qin et al .
DE causal loop diagram; group model building; hypertension management; primary
   health care; system dynamics
ID article; group model building; health care personnel; health insurance;
   human; hypertension; primary health care; public health service; qualitative
   analysis; semi structured interview; workshop

---

UT 401
AR Maresova P, 2023, INT J HEAL MANAG, V16, P588, DOI
   10.1080/20479700.2022.2134635
TI An effectiveness and cost-estimation model for deploying assistive
   technology solutions in elderly care
AU Maresova P; Režný L; Bauer P; Fadeyi O; Eniayewu O; Barakovic S; Barakovic
   Husic J
TC 11
SO INT J HEAL MANAG
PY 2023
AB background : deployment of modern assistive technologies is one of the major
   trends . the main objective is the provisioning of the effectiveness and
   cost_estimation model for deploying assistive technology solutions in
   elderly care intended for evaluation and showing specificity to the costs
   and associated benefits of providing smart technological solutions for
   seniors . methods : the model uses demographic projections taken from
   eurostat for eu countries and the disability incidence from the annual
   report of the ministry of labor and social affairs of the czech republic as
   an input . the model was implemented in the software stella professional
   dedicated to system dynamics modeling . results : in relation to the
   combination of five assistive devices for the elderly the optimal solution
   the cost savings are 37.8 % or182 billion czk , cumulatively in the
   simulated time period 20212060 . the model allows adjustments regarding
   price levels of various countries through the caregivers ' wage . obtained
   results showed robustness of the model to this uncertainty as percentage
   savings varied only from 37.6 % to 39.8 % , a mere 2.2 % difference .
   conclusion : with respect to the ongoing demographic transition , the need
   to employ smart device solutions should further increase and their price
   could decline . the highest savings will come from countries with higher
   wages for carers . 2022 informa uk limited , trading as taylor and francis
   group .
DE activities of daily living; assistive technology; costs; efficiency; model;
   savings

---

UT 402
AR Alizadeh P, 2025, ANIM PROD RES, V14, P75, DOI 10.22124/ar.2025.28755.1856
TI Simulating the impact of import tariff changes of meat and livestock inputs
   on meat supply and demand in Mashhad city, Iran
AU Alizadeh P; Shahnoushi N; Mohammadi H
TC 0
SO ANIM PROD RES
PY 2025
AB introduction : animal products are the main source of energy and protein ,
   and are the main part of the human diet . however , the consumption of red
   meat in iran is not in good condition compared to its consumption in
   developed countries . one of the reasons for this issue is the sharp
   increase in the price of red meat in recent years , and the low income level
   of people in society . among the most important reasons for the increase in
   the price of red meat is the high price of livestock feed , such as corn and
   soybean meal , and the lack of their production in the country . given the
   instability of domestic production and the country ' s high dependence on
   imported livestock and poultry feed , the impossibility of self_sufficiency
   in red meat production , and , consequently , the inability to meet consumer
   demand through domestic production , the importance of international trade
   in red meat and livestock inputs is becoming more and more apparent .
   however , the import tariff rate of meat and livestock inputs has fluctuated
   a lot in recent decades , which has led to the fluctuation of the prices of
   these inputs in the market . for this reason , it is very necessary to
   investigate the effect of import tariffs on the price and supply and demand
   of meat to determine the optimal tariff to increase the welfare of producers
   and consumers of agricultural products . materials and methods : in this
   study , the effect of changes in the import tariff of veal and livestock
   inputs , including corn and soybean meal , on the price , domestic
   production , and demand of veal and chicken meat in mashhad city , iran ,
   has been investigated using the system dynamics method and sensitivity
   analysis . for this purpose , first , the causal loops diagram is designed
   with vensim dss software , then by formulating the model , the stock and
   flow diagram is drawn and simulated . also , the behavioral reproduction
   test has been used to validate the model . it should be noted that these
   causal loops were extracted based on the opinions of meat industry experts
   and previous related studies . results and discussion : the results of the
   behavioral reproduction test indicated the accuracy and validity of the
   designed model . the simulation results for 10 years ( from march 2017 to
   march 2027 ) showed that reducing the veal import tariff from 10 to 4 %
   reduced the retail price of veal by 1.40 % and increased consumer demand for
   this product by 3.86 % . also , by reducing the import tariff of livestock
   corn as one of the inputs for the production of veal and chicken meat from 5
   to 0 % , the supply of veal will increase by 3.59 % and the supply of
   chicken meat will increase by 9.02 % . also , due to the decrease in the
   price of these products , consumer demand for veal and chicken meat
   increased by 5.38 and 3.66 % , respectively . moreover , with the increase
   in soybean meal import tariff from 10 to 20 % , the supply of chicken meat
   will decrease by 10.77 % and the demand for it will also decrease by 6.96 %
   . in this way , consumers replace chicken meat with veal in their
   consumption basket , and their demand for veal increases by 5.49 % .
   conclusions : based on the results , if the goal of the policy is to change
   the consumption pattern toward more consumption of red meat , it is better
   to consider the policy of reducing the import tariff of meat and corn . as
   the findings show , imposing a higher import tariff on veal does not help
   much to increase domestic production . at the same time , reducing the
   import tariff of veal and increasing its import significantly increases the
   consumer demand for this product and brings the per capita consumption of
   red meat closer to its standard level in the country . also , the results
   showed that reducing the corn import tariff to zero can significantly
   increase the demand for veal and , at the same time , help reduce the price
   of chicken meat . finally , it seems that imposing a 20 % import tariff for
   soybean meal is appropriate . although this tariff increases the price of
   chicken meat ( 22.27 % ) and decreases its demand ( 6.96 % ) , it is
   economically justified considering that it increases the demand for red meat
   consumption . 2025 , university of guilan . all rights reserved .
DE chicken meat; import tariff; sensitivity analysis; simulation; veal

---

UT 403
AR Gul NN, 2026, SOC SCI MED, V391, DOI 10.1016/j.socscimed.2025.118918
TI Fair and effective vaccine allocation during pandemics: A system dynamics
   model for prioritization of socioeconomically vulnerable populations
AU Gul NN; Taheri S; Leeuw SD; Kian R
TC 0
SO SOC SCI MED
PY 2026
AB health inequality emerged as a central ethical concern during the covid_19
   pandemic . vaccine prioritization guidelines have been criticized for
   overlooking socioeconomic disparities , leading to perceived unfairness .
   this study presents a system dynamics model that integrates age_stratified
   medical considerations with socioeconomic factors to propose a more
   equitable vaccine allocation strategy , using england as a case study . the
   model prioritizes socioeconomically vulnerable groups within the same age
   cohort until a defined vaccination threshold is reached . applying an
   extended susceptibleexposedinfectedrecovered ( seir ) framework and using
   the gini coefficient to assess health inequality , the model demonstrates
   that this approach can simultaneously reduce mortality and improve both
   input and outcome fairness . demographic analysis shows that age structure
   and the size of the susceptible population are critical determinants of
   threshold_based policy effectiveness . such policies are less effective in
   predominantly young populations than in populations with a more balanced age
   distribution . however , enhancing living conditions for vulnerable groups
   remains essential to further reducing health inequality . results also
   illustrate the pandemic ' s disproportionate impact on vulnerable groups and
   emphasize the need for targeted interventions . these findings offer
   actionable insights for policymakers aiming to enhance fairness and reduce
   mortality rates in future pandemics . 2026 the authors .
DE covid-19 pandemic; fairness; health inequality; socio-economic
   vulnerability; system dynamics; vaccine prioritization
ID adolescent; adult; aged; child; covid-19; covid-19 vaccines; england;
   female; health care rationing; health care disparities; humans; male; middle
   aged; pandemics; sars-cov-2; socio-economic factors; vulnerable populations;
   young adult; england; united kingdom; sars-cov-2 vaccine; covid-19; health
   status; numerical model; pandemic; prioritization; socio-economic status;
   vaccination; vaccine; adult; aged; article; comorbidity; coronavirus disease
   2019; demographics; dynamics; employment; health disparity; hospitalization;
   housing; human; immunity; middle aged; mortality; mortality rate; pandemic;
   prevalence; public health; simulation; socioeconomics; system dynamics;
   vaccination; vulnerability; vulnerable population; adolescent; child;
   coronavirus disease 2019; england; epidemiology; female; health care
   disparity; health care organization; male; pandemic; prevention and control;
   severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2; socioeconomics; young adult

---

UT 404
AR Firmanto AB, 2025, EXTR IND SOC, V24, DOI 10.1016/j.exis.2025.101742
TI System dynamics approach to Indonesia's national tin production planning
AU Firmanto AB; Wibisono D; Siallagan MPS; Mubarok MZ; Febrianti R; Andariesta
   DT
TC 0
SO EXTR IND SOC
PY 2025
AB indonesia , as the world ' s leading tin producer , faces increasing
   pressure to balance economic growth with sustainable resource management .
   unregulated exploitation has led to environmental degradation , resource
   depletion , and market volatility . this study applies a system dynamics (
   sd ) modeling approach to optimize national tin production by simulating
   three scenarios : low ( 40,000 tons / year ) , moderate ( 50,000 tons / year
   ) , and high ( 80,000 tons / year ) . our methodology integrated : ( 1 )
   data collection from government and industry sources . ( 2 ) causal loop
   diagramming to map system interconnections . ( 3 ) stock_flow model
   development in vensim . ( 4 ) validation through pattern_matching . and ( 5
   ) multi_scenario simulation across 50 years . critical to this approach was
   the indexing of variables to capture temporal changes in resource quality
   and market conditions , enabling more accurate long_term projections .
   analysis of reserve depletion , supply_demand ratio , prices , and revenue
   revealed that high production rates accelerate reserve exhaustion and
   trigger price suppression , reducing long_term revenue . low to moderate
   production levels maintain higher prices and extend resource lifespan . the
   optimal production rate of 55,00060,000 tons / year balances economic
   returns with sustainability and market stability . this study provides
   policymakers with a framework to align production quotas with sustainable
   development goals , supporting evidence_based regulations . limitations
   include the exclusion of social , regional , and technological variables ,
   which future research should address . 2025 elsevier ltd
DE economic optimization; indonesia; resource sustainability; system dynamics;
   tin production

---

UT 405
AR Šteinberga I, 2021, WIT TRANS BUILT ENV, V207, P89, DOI 10.2495/DMAN210071
TI COASTAL SOCIO-ECOLOGICAL SYSTEM ASSESSMENT IN MUNICIPALITIES: SYSTEM
   DYNAMICS MODELLING APPLICATION IN LATVIA
AU Šteinberga I; Kudreņickis I; Ernšteins R
TC 0
SO WIT TRANS BUILT ENV
PY 2021
AB understanding functionality of coastal ecosystem and , specifically ,
   coastal socio_ecological system ( ses ) and its governance from
   environmental , social and economic point of view at existing state is
   challenging and complex . also , analyzing future scenarios under various
   stressors could be solved only at site level or by using complex
   mathematical systems for the wider area . ses based tool is systems analysis
   framework ( saf ) methodology that includes definition of system borders ,
   relevant system elements , flows and interactions within the system , and
   understanding of all these aspects . the methodology also includes
   identification of crucial components , as well as building of model ,
   testing and verifying processes . coastal ecosystems are very sensitive to
   various factors , such as environmental changes and , particularly ,
   anthropogenic impacts . even minor changes in temperature , salinity and
   nutrient availability can lead to substantial changes in life cycle . for
   example , the runoff can result in higher nutrient and / or pollutant levels
   in coastal waters_algae blooms can be dangerous to both humans and marine
   life . while coastal ecosystems should be prevented by special care , they
   are still very popular as a tourist destination . that causes requirement to
   link tourism impact to any other environmental impact and , vice versa , to
   estimate coastal state as promoter of tourism . this paper describes
   systemic approach used for the baltic sea coast at the local salacgriva
   municipality level in latvia in the case of topical municipal development
   scenario of coastal tourism perspective . all impacts are modeled and
   evaluated with stella software . 2021 wit press .
DE coastal management; latvia; system dynamics modeling; systems approach
   framework

---

UT 406
AR Xie L/1, 2025, IEEE TRANS ENG MANAG, V72, P3109, DOI
   10.1109/TEM.2025.3589770
TI Investigating the Driving Mechanism of Megaproject Social Responsibility
   Behavior: A System Dynamics Approach
AU Xie L/1; Luo Y/1; Ju T; Li D; Zhao X/2; Chen Y
TC 2
SO IEEE TRANS ENG MANAG
PY 2025
AB although megaproject social responsibility ( msr ) behavior has gained
   increasing attention from both academia and industry , it is still unclear
   how msr behavior evolves over time . utilizing system dynamics ( sd ) method
   , this study aims to investigate the driving mechanism behind msr behavior
   from the perspective of a system evolution cycle . first , drawing on the
   motivation_opportunity_ability framework , the drivers of msr behavior were
   inductively summarized through literature review and semi_structured
   interviews . second , a causal loop diagram was employed to analyze the
   relationships between the drivers , leading to the development of a
   quantitative model . the valid empirical data from 162 respondents was
   collected to initialize parameters . finally , system simulation was
   conducted using vensim ple . the findings reveals that the model effectively
   portrays the evolution of msr behavior . the level of msr behavior exhibits
   an overall growing trend , with the growth rate following an inverted
   you_shaped pattern over time . the simulation analysis underscores the
   pivotal roles of social responsibility culture , regulatory pressure and
   resource support . this study contributes to the body of the knowledge on
   megaproject management by offering a dynamic perspective on msr behavior .
   the established sd model can be served as a practical tool and helps
   practitioners develop effective strategies for msr governance . ieee .
   1988_2012 ieee .
DE driving mechanism; megaproject social responsibility ( msr ) behavior;
   simulation; system dynamics ( sd ) engineering management-project management
ID dynamics; growth rate; knowledge management; social aspects; social
   behavior; system theory; driving mechanism; engineering management;
   management projects; mega projects; megaproject social responsibility
   behavior; megaprojects; simulation; social responsibilities; system dynamic
   engineering management-project management; system dynamics; project
   management

---

UT 407
AR Chen Y/3, 2025, ENERGIES, V18, DOI 10.3390/en18040878
TI Shale Gas Transition in China: Evidence Based on System Dynamics Model for
   Production Prediction
AU Chen Y/3; Zhang Y/2
TC 2
SO ENERGIES
PY 2025
AB as a clean energy source , shale gas plays a crucial role in mitigating the
   supplydemand imbalance of natural gas and in facilitating the transition to
   a low_carbon economy . this study employs a system dynamics model to
   forecast future production trends in shale gas in china , analyze its
   implications for the natural gas supplydemand structure , and explore
   pathways for sustainable development . firstly , by integrating the
   characteristics of china ' s shale gas resources , market dynamics , and
   policy frameworks , the key factors influencing production are identified ,
   and their interrelationships are systematically analyzed . subsequently , a
   causal loop diagram is constructed using the vensim software ( vensim ple
   9.3.5 x64 ) , a set of representative variables is selected , and the
   logical relationships among these variables are established through a
   multivariate statistical analysis , culminating in the development of a
   production forecasting model for china ' s shale gas ( stock and flow
   diagram ) . finally , based on parameter assumptions , this study predicts
   the production trends in shale gas in china under multiple scenarios . the
   forecasting results reveal that china ' s shale gas production is expected
   to grow at an average annual rate of 3.32 % to 8.02 % , with production
   under the reference scenario projected to reach 724.22 108 m3 by 2040 .
   however , the growth of shale gas production over the next two decades
   remains limited , accounting for a maximum of 12.07 % of the total natural
   gas consumption , underscoring its transitional role in the low_carbon
   transformation . to address these challenges , this study proposes four
   policy recommendations : ( 1 ) prioritize the development of shallow ,
   high_quality gas_bearing blocks while gradually transitioning to deeper
   formations . ( 2 ) intensify technological innovation in deep shale gas
   extraction to enhance recovery rates and mitigate production decline rates .
   ( 3 ) implement flexible production subsidies and moderately increase
   natural gas sales prices to incentivize production and optimize resource
   allocation . and ( 4 ) strengthen ecological conservation and improve water
   resource management to ensure the sustainable development of shale gas .
   2025 by the authors .
DE chinas shale gas; energy low carbon transformation; production prediction;
   system dynamics
ID system theory; chinas shale gas; clean energy sources; energy; energy low
   carbon transformation; evidence-based; gas productions; low carbon
   transformations; production prediction; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; shale gas

---

UT 408
AR Dong Y, 2024, J UNIV SCI TECHNOL CHINA, V54, DOI 10.52396/JUSTC-2023-0108
TI Evolutionary analysis of green credit and automobile enterprises under the
   mechanism of dynamic reward and punishment based on government regulation
AU Dong Y; Huang X/3; Gan H; Liu X/7
TC 1
SO J UNIV SCI TECHNOL CHINA
PY 2024
AB to explore the green development of automobile enterprises and promote the
   achievement of the ' ' dual car_bonq target , based on the bounded
   rationality assumptions , this study constructed a tripartite evolutionary
   game model of government , commercial banks , and automobile enterprises .
   introduced a dynamic reward and punishment mechanism . and analyzed the
   development process of the three parties ' strategic behavior under the
   static and dynamic reward and punishment mechanism . vensim ple ( personal
   learning edition ) was used for numerical simulation analysis . our results
   indicate that the system could not reach a stable state under the static
   reward and punishment mechanism . a dynamic reward and punishment mechanism
   can effectively improve the system stability and better fit real situations
   . under the dynamic reward and punishment mechanism , an increase in the
   initial willingness of the three parties can promote the system stability ,
   and the government can implement effective supervision by adjusting the
   upper limit of the reward and punishment intensity . finally , the
   implementation of green credit by commercial banks plays a significant role
   in promoting the green development of automobile enterprises . 2024 the
   author ( s ) .
DE automobile enterprises; green credit; reward and punishment mechanism;
   system dynamics

---

UT 409
AR Li H/3, 2025, J LIBR SCI AGRIC, V37, P75, DOI
   10.13998/j.cnki.issn1002-1248.25-0088
TI Evolutionary Game Research on Stakeholder Decision-Making in Preprint
   Platform; [预印本平台利益主体决策的演化博弈研究]
AU Li H/3; Niu X; Ma Z/1; Guo M
TC 0
SO J LIBR SCI AGRIC
PY 2025
AB [ purpose / significance ] with the globalization of knowledge sharing and
   the vigorous development of preprint at home and abroad , the role of
   preprint platform in academic exchange has been recognized and appreciated
   by academic community . this paper introduces the evolutionary simulation
   method for the first time from the previous research on government and
   enterprises to the research on preprint platform , and takes the three main
   stakeholders in the construction of preprint platform , that is government ,
   researcher and the public as the main players of the game . different from
   the existing research , this paper uses system dynamics theory and software
   to fill the gap in quantitative analysis of sd model , and combines
   qualitative and quantitative research to further enrich the research content
   of the preprint platform through game model construction and simulation
   analysis . this research aims to guide stakeholders to actively participate
   in the construction of preprint platform , improve the utilization rate of
   domestic preprint platform by users , and promote the construction of
   preprint platform in china . [ method / process ] this study established a
   tripartite evolutionary game model of ' ' government , researcher , and the
   public ' ' to analyze the strategic stability of the three stakeholders .
   vensim ple software was used to simulate and analyze the the sd model ,
   focusing on the influence of mixed strategies and external sensitivity
   variables on stakeholders ' decision behavior . [ results / conclusions ] in
   the construction of preprint platform , the willingness of government
   supervision is mainly influenced by the supervision cost and credibility
   within a reasonable range , the higher the scientific research funding for
   researchers or the more severe the penalty for their passive participation ,
   the greater the willingness of researchers to participate actively . the
   public ' s willingness to cooperate is influenced by the costs of
   participation and the social dividends . in the future , the construction of
   the preprint platform can be continuously promoted from three perspectives :
   formulating the framework of the underlying reward and penalty mechanism of
   the preprint platform , establishing the reputation evaluation mechanism of
   researchers , and accelerating the construction of the government ' s open
   scientific innovation service . however , due to the limitation of the
   author ' s professional ability , the cognition of the preprint platform and
   the consideration of the relevant policy establishment process are
   relatively limited . there are many stakeholders involved in the
   construction of preprint platform , and there are also many factors that can
   affect the decision_making behavior in the external environment and system .
   in this study , three stakeholders from three main aspects are selected to
   model and study the external influence . in the future , we can select
   stakeholders from different angles and increase the influencing factors to
   expand the research on preprint platform . 2025 agricultural information
   institute , chinese academy of agricultural sciences . all rights reserved .
DE evolutionary game; open science; preprint platform; stakeholders; system
   dynamics

---

UT 410
AR Zeng X/1, 2021, IEEE ACCESS, V9, P156313, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3129246
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Simulation of Enterprise Patent Management
   Optimization
AU Zeng X/1; Deng L; Li W
TC 2
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2021
AB taking the perspective of cybernetics theory , enterprise patent management
   can be described as a controllable information system which includes various
   activities and performances . this paper aims to analysis the relationship
   between enterprise patent activities and patent performance , and to help
   convert technological innovation achievements into patent rights more
   effectively and consolidate technology superiority . this paper uses system
   dynamics method to construct a multiscale nonlinear enterprise patent
   management model . validity of this model is tested , simulation is
   conducted in vensim , sensitivity analysis of this model shows that :
   technology disclosure sufficiency does not have much influence on patent
   application quantity , but it has strongly positive effect on patent grant
   rate and patent portfolio diversity , it can also lower the risk of patent
   circumvention . simulation shows that technology disclosure sufficiency is a
   key determinant to reduce information loss and improve output efficiency of
   enterprise patent management system . collaboration of rd personnel , patent
   engineers and patent agencies should be enhanced to improve tds , so as to
   promote enterprise patent management efficiency . this sd model provides a
   foundation for future research in patent management optimization . 2013 ieee
   .
DE computer simulation; multiscale nonlinear system; patent management; system
   analysis and design
ID efficiency; human resource management; information management; patents and
   inventions; risk assessment; sensitivity analysis; system theory;
   computational modeling; cybernetic theories; multiscale nonlinear system;
   optimizations; patent management; performance; research and development;
   system analysis and design; system dynamics modeling and simulations;
   technological innovation; computation theory

---

UT 411
AR Zhongjie D, 2023, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12597, DOI 10.1117/12.2672741
TI Research on system dynamics model of collaborative development of logistics
   and local GDP Based on Panel Data
AU Zhongjie D; Yanping G
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2023
AB this article is based on the principle of the mutual influence of the
   regional economy and logistics , and then through the construction of a
   system dynamic model for the development of logistics and local gdp , using
   the vensim computer software to analyze the panel in a certain area from
   2011 to 2020 . the data realizes simulation simulation analysis , and then
   through the comparison of the simulation data , the policy experiment is
   studied from the aspects of the relationship between local logistics and
   local economic development , the natural growth coefficient of logistics
   development , and related industrial policies , and the conclusion is drawn
   from the experimental results : regional economy , logistics supply and
   demand show a positive relationship with the natural growth system of
   logistics , and the regional economic development environment and the entire
   local logistics system together form a dynamic coupling system . if the
   regional industrial structure develops in the direction of a well_developed
   ' ' three two one ' ' industrial structure at this time , the proportion of
   logistics supply and demand will be reduced to a large extent , so that the
   increase in logistics demand in the region will be activated to meet the
   rapid growth of economic needs . if the total economic volume of a region
   increases by 10 % , then the logistics demand in the region will grow
   rapidly in the next few years , and the growth rate is basically the same as
   that of the regional economy . 2023 spie .
DE logistics; panel data; regional economy; system dynamics
ID computer software; economic and social effects; image processing; regional
   planning; system theory; collaborative development; industrial structures;
   logistics demand; panel data; regional economy; regional logistics;
   simulation analysis; simulation data; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; industrial economics

---

UT 412
AR [Anonymous], 2025, PROC - INT CONF SMART-GREEN TECHNOL ELECTR SYST ICSGTEIS,
   P254, DOI 10.1109/ICSGTEIS68532.2025.11284395
TI System Dynamics Modeling of Renewable Energy Production in Indonesia to Meet
   National Energy Policy (KEN) Targets
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF SMART-GREEN TECHNOL ELECTR SYST ICSGTEIS
PY 2025
AB indonesia has established ambitious goals to increase the share of renewable
   energy in its national energy mix , targeting at least 23 % by 2025 and 31 %
   by 2050 , as outlined in the national energy policy ( ken ) . however ,
   recent assessments indicate significant shortcomings in the progress toward
   these targets . as of 2023 , the share of renewable energy has reached only
   13.29 % , well below the interim target of 17.9 % for the same year ,
   despite being just two years away from the 2025 milestone . this study
   employs a system dynamics approach to model the dynamics of indonesia ' s
   renewable energy production , and evaluates the feasibility of achieving ken
   targets under current and projected conditions . using vensim ple , a
   simulation model was developed based on historical energy supply data from
   the past decade , encompassing key renewable energy sources , such as
   bioenergy , geothermal , hydropower , solar , wind , and other renewables .
   two scenarios were analyzed : business_as_usual ( bau ) and ken targets .
   the simulation results show that under the bau scenario , the renewable
   energy share will only reach approximately 14.7 % in 2025 and 21.7 % in 2050
   , falling significantly short of national targets . a gap analysis revealed
   that geothermal , hydropower , wind , and solar energy consistently
   underperform relative to the targets , while bioenergy exceeds them . to
   address these disparities , this study proposes a reallocation of ken
   targets based on observed trends , emphasizing increased support for
   bioenergy and solar energy while deprioritizing sources with limited
   development potential . 2025 ieee .
DE ken targets; national energy mix; national energy policy; renewable energy
   production; system dynamics
ID barium alloys; dynamics; energy policy; solar energy; bioenergy; energy mix;
   energy productions; indonesia; ken target; national energy mix; national
   energy policy; renewable energies; renewable energy production; system
   dynamics; system theory

---

UT 413
AR Zhou Q, 2022, INT J MANAG PROJ BUS, V15, P324, DOI
   10.1108/IJMPB-06-2021-0142
TI System dynamics approach of knowledge transfer from projects to the project-
   based organization
AU Zhou Q; Deng X; Hwang B-G; Yu M/1
TC 35
SO INT J MANAG PROJ BUS
PY 2022
AB purpose : although knowledge transfer in the context of projects and
   project_based organizations ( pbos ) has gained increasing attention from
   academia and industry , it is not clear how knowledge transfers from
   projects to their parent pbos . this research aims to explore the main
   factors influencing knowledge transfer from projects to their parent pbos ,
   and analyze how these factors integrate the transfer process as system
   components using the system dynamics ( sd ) method . design / methodology /
   approach : based on the literature review , investigation and interview ,
   this paper adopts the event analysis to obtain the influencing factors from
   historical cases and establishes a conceptual model of knowledge transfer
   from five dimensions , which simultaneously considers the knowledge sender ,
   knowledge receiver and the relationship between the knowledge sender and
   receiver , knowledge features and transfer context . then , the
   relationships between variables in the qualitative model were clarified ,
   and a quantitative model including seven feedback loops was established
   using the sd model . lastly , the system simulation and sensitivity analysis
   of the main parameters were realized in vensim ple software . findings : the
   simulation analysis results show that the model can simulate the knowledge
   transfer process from projects to the pbo to a certain extent . this
   research fully demonstrates the impact of variables from five dimensions on
   knowledge transfer and incorporates the knowledge gap and transfer threshold
   in the research category . moreover , the rationality of seven feedback
   loops proposed in the model was verified . and the effects of various
   factors on the amount of knowledge transferred and the pbo ' s knowledge
   stock were examined through sensitivity analysis . furthermore ,
   recommendations for developing an integrated knowledge transfer mechanism of
   pbos and projects to enhance transfer effect are offered . research
   limitations / implications : this research provides other researchers with a
   systematic understanding of transfer process from projects to pbos , and
   insight for further research on knowledge transfer in project and
   organization contexts . furthermore , this study guides researchers to focus
   on the causal processes that constitute knowledge transfer and explores the
   expected and unexpected phenomena generated over time . however , some
   variables involved in the transfer process are simplified , and the
   establishment of a more complex dynamic model needs further research and
   discussion . practical implications : by establishing a simulation model for
   knowledge transfer from projects to their parent pbos , this study helps
   project teams and pbos grasp the overall picture of the transfer process .
   especially , this paper provides target_oriented recommendations for project
   and pbo managers to implement effective knowledge transfer practices , which
   have certain practical values for knowledge cultivation , coordination ,
   reuse and innovation in the organization . originality / value : this study
   contributes to knowledge management and project management literature by
   simulating the knowledge transfer process from projects to their parent pbos
   . additionally , this paper provides a reference for pbo and project
   managers to establish an integrated knowledge_transfer mechanism in the work
   process and comprehensively implement effective knowledge transfer practices
   . 2021 , emerald publishing limited .
DE knowledge transfer; project management; project-based organizations ( pbos
   ); simulation; system dynamics ( sd )

---

UT 414
AR Hussain H, 2023, INT JT CONF KNOWL DISCOV KNOWL ENG KNOWL MANAG IC3K - PROC,
   V2, P50, DOI 10.5220/0012173000003598
TI Extending the Meta Model for Enterprise Systems Dynamics from a Software
   Tooling Perspective
AU Hussain H; de Vries M
TC 1
SO INT JT CONF KNOWL DISCOV KNOWL ENG KNOWL MANAG IC3K - PROC
PY 2023
AB literature indicates that systems dynamics ( sd ) has the potential of
   modeling the behavior of a system to understand enterprise behavior and the
   effect of enterprise policies to address multiple performance areas . since
   sd concepts are ill_defined , a meta model for enterprise systems dynamics (
   mmesd ) was developed , using the general ontology specification language (
   gosl ) . the first version of the mmesd was applied to an existing case
   within the car industry , where the case was modeled with the software named
   vensim . the mmesd was developed without considering meta model
   implementations within multiple sd software tools . this article
   investigates the use of sd concepts in different sd software tools ,
   highlighting the differences in the use of symbolic formalisms . the main
   contribution of the paper is extracting new concepts when we compare
   existing software tools , identifying concepts that are not already
   reflected in the first version of mmesd . we use the results to further
   extend the first version of mmesd , and apply an extended second version of
   mmesd to an existing teacher education faculties case in croatia as a
   demonstration . the paper concludes with suggestions for future research .
   copyright 2023 by scitepress science and technology publications , lda .
   under cc license ( cc by_nc_nd 4.0 ) .
DE causal loop diagram; enterprise governance; general ontology specification
   language; stock flow diagram; systems dynamics
ID automotive industry; computer software; dynamics; information systems;
   specification languages; causal loop diagrams; enterprise governance; flow
   diagram; general ontology specification language; meta model; metamodeling;
   ontologys; stock flow diagram; stock flows; system dynamics; ontology

---

UT 415
AR Nozari H, 2022, WATER ENV J, V36, P299, DOI 10.1111/wej.12767
TI Management of agricultural saline drainage using system dynamics approach
AU Nozari H; Liaghat AM; Azadi S
TC 6
SO WATER ENV J
PY 2022
AB agricultural drainage water quality changes over time until it reaches a
   balance . in areas with shallow and saline groundwater , it might take
   several years to reach a balance . in such cases , knowledge of the quantity
   and quality of drainage water is necessary to manage it . the drainage water
   generated must then be managed for reuse purposes where it is of suitable
   quality and is finally discharged or disposed of . in this paper , the
   system dynamics technique was used to manage this drainage water . the study
   used the system dynamic programming tool vensim . the model developed in
   this study is capable of managing drainage water by combination of existing
   solutions such as mixture of irrigation water , used for downstream and
   cultivation of salt tolerant plants , used for irrigation of salt_friendly
   plant , discharged into a river and discharged to evaporation ponds ,
   simultaneously . the model was run using actual data for khuzestan province
   of iran . the results showed that the model could be an opportunity for the
   design and management of drainage systems . 2022 ciwem .
DE drainage system; drainage water quantity; saline drainage water; system
   dynamics technique
ID iran; khuzestan; cultivation; drainage; dynamic programming; groundwater;
   system theory; water conservation; water quality; agricultural chemical;
   sodium chloride; agricultural drainage water; change-over time; drainage
   water; quality change; reuse; saline groundwater; shallow groundwater;
   system dynamics; system dynamics approach; system dynamics technique;
   cultivation; drainage water; evaporation; knowledge; water management; water
   quality; agricultural management; article; comparative study; computer
   language; electric conductivity; environmental management; evaporation;
   evapotranspiration; feedback system; halophyte; irrigation ( agriculture );
   nonhuman; salt tolerance; soil moisture; soil salinity; soil structure;
   vapor pressure; waste water recycling; water management; water quality;
   water supply; water table; irrigation

---

UT 416
AR Liu Y/2, 2024, AIMS MATH, V9, P20326, DOI 10.3934/math.2024989
TI Research on investment evaluation of highway projects based on system
   dynamics model
AU Liu Y/2; Deng H; Gao H; Ni W
TC 0
SO AIMS MATH
PY 2024
AB aiming at the deficiencies presented by the traditional methods of highway
   project investment evaluation , the proposed highway investment evaluation
   method was based on system dynamics . first , we constructed an evaluation
   index system from profitability , solvency , and risk resistance and
   clarified the positive and negative causality within the investment
   evaluation system of highway projects . second , we determined the
   boundaries of the system dynamics model and divided it into six sub_systems
   , namely , income , cash flow , investment evaluation , profit , cost ,
   investment and financing , and liabilities . and then , we established the
   system dynamics model of highway investment evaluation based on the
   sub_systems . the model made up for the limitations of the traditional
   discounted cash flow method . finally , taking the china ' s yunnan province
   an expressway project as an example , using vensim software simulation , we
   get the evaluation results of the system dynamics model and make a
   comparative analysis with the discounted cash flow method , which showed
   that the calculation inaccuracies of the npv and other financial indicators
   were in a reasonable range , and the evaluation method had strong
   operability and practicability . the system dynamics investment evaluation
   model provided a systematic , intuitive , whole_process investment
   evaluation method , which provided a theoretical basis for the analysis and
   decision_making of the investment effect of highway projects . 2024 the
   author ( s ) , licensee aims press .
DE discounted cash flow approach; highways; investment appraisal; system
   dynamics; transportation economics

---

UT 417
AR Zhao H, 2022, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V29, P53522, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-17570-8
TI Establishing a risk dynamic evolution model to predict and solve the problem
   of urban flood disaster
AU Zhao H; Li Z/7; Zhang J/3
TC 10
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB under the influence of global climate change and rapid urbanization , urban
   flood disaster becomes more and more serious . urban flood disaster risk
   assessment and risk response strategy have become a hot issue in sponge city
   research . this study introduce the basic concept of sponge urban
   construction risk and the basic theory , using the grounded theory to
   determine the sponge risk factors for urban construction , building based on
   system dynamics dynamic evolution model of the urban construction risk ,
   sponge city construction in jiangxi province as the research object , the
   application of vensim ple software carries on the simulation results . this
   paper analyzes the dynamic development situation and key risk factors of
   each sub_risk system in the whole life cycle , and discusses what
   countermeasures should be taken to reduce the risk of sponge city
   construction . 2022 , the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to
   springer_verlag gmbh germany , part of springer nature .
DE full life cycle; grounded theory; risk dynamic evolution; sponge city;
   system dynamics
ID cities; climate change; disasters; floods; urbanization; china; jiangxi;
   climate change; flood; global climate; life cycle; natural disaster; risk
   assessment; spatiotemporal analysis; urban area; urbanization; city; climate
   change; disaster; flooding; urbanization

---

UT 418
AR Lu Q, 2025, J SAF ENV, V25, P779, DOI 10.13637/j.issn.1009-6094.2024.1254
TI Research on green and low-carbon pathways for coal power enterprises in
   Shaanxi Province; [陕西省煤电企业绿色低碳转型路径研究]
AU Lu Q; Lu X
TC 3
SO J SAF ENV
PY 2025
AB the purpose of this study is to facilitate the green and low_carbon
   development of coal power enterprises in shaanxi province by exploring their
   pathways for green transformation . utilizing the principles of green
   low_carbon theory , we define the green low_carbon connotation specific to
   coal power enterprises in shaanxi province . the literature analysis method
   and gray correlation degree are employed to identify the key factors
   influencing the green low_carbon transformation of coal power enterprises in
   shaanxi province . a system dynamics simulation model is developed ,
   comprising five subsystems : management , energy , production , economics ,
   and innovation . the primary variables for each subsystem , along with their
   corresponding equations , are established through a systematic analysis of
   the model ' s structure . structural , historical , robustness , and
   sensitivity tests are conducted on the model . the test results indicate
   that the simulation model meets all requirements . path design and scenario
   analysis for the green and low_carbon transformation of coal power
   enterprises are conducted . based on various scenarios , adjustment programs
   for the variables and constants in each subsystem are established . the
   green low_carbon transition path for coal power enterprises is simulated
   using vensim ple . the simulation results indicate that the adjustment
   pathways for each subsystem positively impact the green low_carbon
   transformation of these enterprises . achieving energy savings and emission
   reductions within the production subsystem is essential for facilitating a
   green low_carbon transformation . this analysis evaluates the impact of each
   pathway adjustment on the overall effectiveness of the transition . the
   integrated pathway provides the greatest benefits , highlighting that a
   comprehensive approach can effectively facilitate this transformation . this
   approach involves enhancing inputs for green management , reducing energy
   consumption in production , engaging in carbon market trading , and
   innovating to improve energy conversion efficiency . 2025 science china
   press . all rights reserved .
DE coal power enterprises; correlation analysis; environmental engineering;
   green transformation; low carbon development; system dynamics

---

UT 419
AR Sobisol NFS, 2025, INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMPUT DATA SCI APPL ACDSA, DOI
   10.1109/ACDSA65407.2025.11166489
TI Analyzing the Factors Affecting the Delay of Transport of Sunrays Bus Lines
   using System Dynamics
AU Sobisol NFS; Barazona HP; Dayondon JS; Tabigue KMS; Baguio I
TC 0
SO INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMPUT DATA SCI APPL ACDSA
PY 2025
AB delays in public transportation systems have significant economic and social
   impacts , particularly in urban areas . this study examines the factors
   contributing to transport delays in sunrays bus lines and explores potential
   solutions using system dynamics modeling . key variables analyzed include
   bus stop placement , traffic congestion , passenger loading and unloading
   times , road construction , and traffic incidents . a time study was
   conducted to assess delays along the bus route , and the findings were
   integrated into a stock and flow diagram using stella software . the results
   indicate that the original system experienced significant fluctuations in
   travel time , with peak delays reaching 5.24 hours at 7:00 am and decreasing
   to 5.70 hours by 2:00 pm , highlighting congestion patterns during peak and
   off_peak hours . the implementation of the optimized 8th policy placing bus
   stops every 3 kilometers and enforcing 45 seconds stops after every two bus
   stops led to more stable travel times . under the improved system ,
   peak_hour travel time was reduced to just below 4.65 hours at 7:00 am , with
   a further decline to 4.52 hours at midday . the system also maintained a
   steadier pace in the evening , stabilizing at just under hours . these
   findings offer valuable insights for transportation authorities and bus
   operators in enhancing public transit efficiency , improving passenger
   experience , and supporting sustainable urban mobility , directly supporting
   sustainable development goal 11 ( sustainable cities and communities ) .
   2025 ieee .
DE delay; stock and flow diagram; system dynamics ( sd ); time study
ID bus transportation; busses; economic and social effects; mass
   transportation; system theory; time and motion study; traffic congestion;
   traffic surveys; travel-time; unloading; urban transportation; bus lines;
   bus stop; delay; flow diagram; public transportation systems; stock and flow
   diagram; stocks and flows; system dynamic; system dynamics; travel-time; bus
   terminals

---

UT 420
AR Lou W, 2022, J MOD, V42, P44, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1008-0821.2022.02.005
TI Mechanism Analysis on Academic Data Movement in Scholarly Communication: A
   Perspective of Information Process; [信息处理视角下学术数据在科学交流中的运动机制分析]
AU Lou W; Zhang Y/1
TC 0
SO J MOD
PY 2022
AB [ purpose / significance ] academic data plays an important role in
   scientific dissemination and knowledge sharing . at the same time , academic
   data disseminate with a very complex movement in scholarly communication .
   the systematic exploration of the movement process , mechanism and impact
   factors of academic data in scholarly communication is of great importance
   to the science community to understand the importance of scholarly
   communication and knowledge evolution . [ method / process ] by integrating
   scientific information exchange theory and scholarly communication system
   theory , a model for modern scholarly communication system was analyzed and
   proposed . adopting system dynamics method and the software , vensim ,
   several simulation experiments on the proposed model was carried out to
   analyze the factors that influence the movement of academic data in
   scholarly communication . [ results / conclusions ] the double_circle
   movement mode of academic data in the scholarly communication system was
   proposed . the simulation results of the system showed that the strongest
   factors on increasing the output of academic data were adjusting the input
   initial value of academic data and the input conversion rate of the system .
   therefore , it is necessary to enhance the volumn of basic academic data ,
   to create a stable system to balance the development of both formal and
   informal scholarly exchanges , eventually to promote the movement of
   academic data in scholarly communication in a great value . 2022 editorial
   department of modern electric power . all rights reserved .
DE academic data; information processing; scholarly communication; system
   dynamics

---

UT 421
AR Shi W-Q, 2023, J SAF ENV, V23, P1545, DOI
   10.13637/j.issn.1009-6094.2022.0020
TI System dynamics model of emergency medical materials supply chain
   considering decision maker's overconfidence bias; [决策者过度自信下的应急医疗物资供应链动力学模型]
AU Shi W-Q; He J; Wang M-Y
TC 2
SO J SAF ENV
PY 2023
AB the main purpose of this paper is to reduce the decision_making deviation in
   the allocation of emergency medical materials and improve the efficiency of
   the emergency supply chain when emergency decision_maker has the tendency of
   overconfidence . this paper focuses on the overestimation type of
   overconfidence , and relates epidemic control to material supply . first of
   all , the causal feedback relationship in the emergency medical material
   supply chain is analyzed , based on the internal elements and system
   boundaries . then , we divide the emergency medical material supply chain
   system into four modules , including epidemic transmission module , demand
   order module , government ' s order module , and suppliers ' order module .
   meanwhile , according to the causal feedback and system subdivision , a
   system dynamics ( sd ) model under overconfidence has been constructed .
   furthermore , we use the case of epidemic prevention in wuhan , china , to
   conduct the parameter design of the model . finally , this paper explores
   the impact of overestimation factor and extent of policy capacity expansion
   on the operation of the supply chain system , and finds effective ways to
   improve the efficiency of emergency material support , by the software of
   vensim dss . the results show that : in the late stage of epidemic
   prevention , the upper limit of production capacity allocated in the region
   is greater than the order quantity per unit time , ensuring collection rate
   of medical materials shows a continuous growth trend , while in the early
   stage of the epidemic , the number and production capacity of suppliers is
   limited . in the long run , increasing the extent of policy capacity
   expansion will enhance the total production capacity within the designated
   area , and increase inventory of suppliers , inventory of medical material
   distribution centers , and demand satisfaction rate . the incomplete
   transmission of information brought by overconfidence will affect the
   operational efficiency of the supply chain and reduce the demand
   satisfaction rate in disaster areas to a certain extent . 2023 science china
   press . all rights reserved .
DE emergency medical supplies; epidemic control; overconfidence; public safety;
   system dynamics

---

UT 422
AR Momodu AS, 2021, SCI PROG, V104, DOI 10.1177/00368504211042479
TI System dynamics kinetic model for predicting biogas production in anaerobic
   condition: Preliminary assessment
AU Momodu AS; Adepoju TD
TC 15
SO SCI PROG
PY 2021
AB introduction : this preliminary assessment of a grey_box model , was
   predicated on system dynamics principles and developed using vensim dss
   software . the purpose is to predict biogas production under anaerobic
   conditions for energy utilization at the design stage . objective : to
   describe the process of a developed system dynamics model to predict biogas
   production under anaerobic conditions . methods : this method involves
   two_stage kinetics of the biogas production process in anaerobic conditions
   using the first_order and gompertz functions . the model is depicted in two
   parts : causal loop diagram and stockflow diagram . the causal loop diagram
   describes the anaerobic digestion process a substrate undergoes for the
   production of biogas , while stockflow diagram depicts basic building blocks
   of the dynamic behavior of an anaerobic digestion process . primary data is
   from a laboratory_scale experiment of biogas production using vegetal wastes
   , while the secondary one is from the literature on studies using similar
   substrates . results : primary and secondary data are used to validate and
   stimulate the developed model . the kinetic model shows the substrate being
   reduced exponentially with increasing time . consumption of substrate and
   production of methane and carbon dioxide follows exponential growth and
   decay pattern , with carbon dioxide production starting early compared to
   methane , and was produced at a rate faster due to the strong and resilient
   characteristics of fermentative microorganisms . discussion : comparing data
   from empirical and model simulation shows some close relationship , though
   not too perfectly . both results reflect signs of inhibitions occurring
   within the substrates in the digester under anaerobic conditions explaining
   the low methane yield or instability . the author ( s ) 2021 .
DE biogas; growth function; kinetics; system dynamics; waste management
ID anaerobiosis; biofuels; bioreactors; carbon dioxide; kinetics; methane;
   biofuel; carbon dioxide; methane; anaerobic growth; bioreactor; kinetics

---

UT 423
AR Ji C, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14031171
TI Sustainable Mechanism of the Entrusted Transportation Management Mode on
   High‐Speed Rail and the Impact of COVID‐19: A Case Study of the
   Beijing–Shanghai High‐Speed Rail
AU Ji C; Yao Y/1; Duan J/1; Li W/2
TC 4
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB the transport management mode fundamentally determines the sustainable
   development of highspeed rail passenger transport ( hsrpt ) , which was
   shocked by the covid19 pandemic in 2020 . in order to study the sustainable
   development mechanism of hsrpt and the impact of covid19 , primarily based
   on the data from the beijingshanghai highspeed rail ( hsr ) taken from 2018
   , we adopt system dynamics ( sd ) to provide a scenario simulation method to
   examination sustainable operation status of hsrpt under the entrusted
   transportation management mode ( etmm ) by vensim , and take into account
   the following two evaluation indicators : economic and opera_tional . the
   results show the following : ( 1 ) transportation demand and commissioned
   transportation management fees play a vital role in the sustainable
   operation of the beijingshanghai hsr , causing significant changes in
   transportation revenue and transportation costs . ( 2 ) covid19 had a great
   impact on the sustainable operation of the beijingshanghai hsr . in 2020 ,
   the turnover and transportation profit of the beijingshanghai hsr fell by
   74.31 % and 49.19 % , respectively . in 2022 , the transportation profit can
   be restored to the level of 2019 . the study results reveal that beijing
   shanghai hsr under the etmm has a good sustainable development capability .
   2022 by the authors . licensee mdpi , basel , switzerland .
DE covid-19 impact; entrusted transportation management mode; high-speed rail
   passenger transport; sustainable operation; system dynamics
ID beijing [ china ]; china; shanghai; covid-19; high-speed train; sustainable
   development; transportation; turnover

---

UT 424
AR Hongfang C, 2022, PROC - INT CONF MEAS TECHNOL MECHATRONICS AUTOM ICMTMA,
   P667, DOI 10.1109/ICMTMA54903.2022.00138
TI Quality Analysis of Ideological and Political Education in Universities
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Hongfang C; Yuat G
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF MEAS TECHNOL MECHATRONICS AUTOM ICMTMA
PY 2022
AB in order to scientifically evaluate the quality of college students '
   ideological and political education , this paper adopts the social
   simulation method of system dynamics to study the linear relationship
   between effective training factors and output benefits . starting from the
   factors that affect the quality of college students ' values cultivation ,
   we construct a system dynamics model by applying the relevant theories and
   methods of system dynamics , and provide the corresponding cultivation
   framework , causality and structural equation . then vensim is used to
   simulate and analyze the model , compare the benefits of ideological and
   political education output under different inputs , and provide specific
   improvement suggestions according to the results . from the results of
   system simulation , certain important laws are consistent with the reality .
   it is proved that our scheme can truly depict the dynamic process of
   knowledge fiow . 2022 ieee
DE benefit; ideological and political education; system dynamics; teaching
   quality; venism
ID education computing; quality control; students; benefit; college students;
   ideological and political educations; linear relationships; social
   simulations; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; teaching quality;
   training factor; venism; system theory

---

UT 425
AR Hosseinzadeh S, 2024, INT J HEAL MANAG, V17, P63, DOI
   10.1080/20479700.2022.2149083
TI Hospital bed capacity management during the COVID-19 outbreak using system
   dynamics: A case study in Amol public hospitals, Iran
AU Hosseinzadeh S; Ketabi S; Atighehchian A; Nazari R
TC 4
SO INT J HEAL MANAG
PY 2024
AB nowadays proper management of hospital resources has played an important
   role in reducing the economic pressure on hospitals . unprecedented
   challenges have arisen for healthcare systems including further resource
   constraints due to the covid_19 pandemic . so different countries faced the
   low capacity of hospitals ' resources to admit and care for patients during
   the crisis . medical staff , beds and personal protective equipment are
   among the scarce resources in this period . in this study , the patient flow
   in public hospitals has been modeled using system dynamics ( sd ) simulation
   to manage the available capacity of intensive care units ( icu ) and wards
   during the covid_19 period . the model has been implemented in vensim ple
   and verified for public hospitals in amol , iran . the results have shown
   that hospitals face bed shortages in the period coinciding with the growing
   incidence of covid_19 , being forced to cancel or delay the admission of
   selected patients and nonemergency surgeries . different scenarios based on
   possible strategies for managing hospital bed capacities have been also
   evaluated . the best strategy is the one in which the allocated bed
   capacities to covid_19 patients are altered based on infection rates during
   different stages of the pandemic , resulting the shortage of beds is
   postponed the most . 2022 informa uk limited , trading as taylor and francis
   group .
DE bed capacity management; covid-19; infection rate; inpatient ward; intensive
   care unit; system dynamics

---

UT 426
AR Zhang Y/5, 2026, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V33, P98, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-10-2023-1073
TI Formation and dynamics of prefabricated building innovation network
AU Zhang Y/5; Xu L; Xue X; Wang Z/9; Skibniewski M
TC 2
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2026
AB purpose with the uptake of prefabricated construction ( pc ) facing serious
   obstacles in china , networked innovation can break the technical
   constraints while also containing the risks in individual innovation .
   however , the construction community has paid little attention to pc
   innovation , especially networked innovation . this study aims to gain deep
   insights into what impacts the formation and dynamics of a prefabricated
   construction innovation network ( pcin ) . with the uptake of pc facing
   serious obstacles in china , networked innovation can break the technical
   constraints while also containing the risks in individual innovation .
   design / methodology / approach the research design follows a sequential
   mixed methodology of qualitative and quantitative data collection and
   analysis . it first conceptualizes the pcin based on the quadruple helix
   model and formulates a corresponding system dynamics model based on
   causality analysis . after validating the pcin model using empirical data ,
   simulations are carried out using vensim ple software . finally , this study
   identifies key factors that promote the formation of pcin in china through
   sensitivity analysis . findings the results show that pc predicts a
   continuous increase in practice as of 2030 . the tested drivers all
   positively influence the formation of the pcin , with market demand and risk
   sharing having the greatest influence , followed by competitive pressure ,
   profit government support , scientific and technological advancement and
   collaborative innovation strategy . originality / value the study makes
   three major contributions . first , it provides a novel angle for a deeper
   understanding of the pc innovation . second , it proposes a new approach for
   probing the formation and dynamics of the pcin . finally , it offers a
   theoretical reference for promoting the formation of innovation networks and
   the development of pc . 2024 emerald publishing limited
DE innovation network; network dynamics; network formation; prefabricated
   building; system dynamics
ID facings; prefabricated construction; system theory; building innovations;
   construction communities; construction innovation;
   design/methodology/approach; innovation network; network dynamics; network
   formation; networked innovations; system dynamics; technical constraints;
   sensitivity analysis

---

UT 427
AR Wu H/1, 2021, ENERGY SCI ENG, V9, P828, DOI 10.1002/ese3.837
TI Model for sustainable development based on system dynamics and
   energy–economy–environment coordination: A case study of Beijing, China
AU Wu H/1; Peng D; Wang L/7
TC 20
SO ENERGY SCI ENG
PY 2021
AB in developing countries , the contradiction between environmental protection
   and economic development has become increasingly serious . the current
   research focuses on : how to coordinate the relationship between economic
   development and environmental protection . this study considers energy
   consumption and environmental emission reduction as the research object . an
   energyeconomyenvironment simulation system was developed using vensim as a
   modeling platform to clarify the relationship between energy consumption ,
   economic development , and environmental pollution . based on the data
   gleaned from beijing ' s energy system , the availability of the simulation
   model is verified through historical inspection and operational tests .
   finally , based on the energyeconomyenvironment simulation system ,
   different development scenarios have been set up to analyze the development
   trends of energy consumption , economic development , and environmental
   emission reduction under different scenarios . the results show that the
   development prospects under the coordinated development scenario are the
   most reasonable and effective , taking into account the coordinated
   development of all the three aspects , especially in terms of carbon
   emission reduction . 2021 the authors . energy science and engineering
   published by the society of chemical industry and john wiley and sons ltd .
DE coordinated development; energy management; energy-saving; energy system
   dynamics; sustainability
ID developing countries; economics; emission control; energy utilization;
   environmental protection; sustainable development; carbon emission
   reductions; development prospects; development scenarios; development
   trends; environment simulation; environmental emissions; environmental
   pollutions; operational test; economic and social effects

---

UT 428
AR [Anonymous], 2024, ENV SOC PSYCHOL, V9, DOI 10.59429/esp.v9i7.2845
TI Towards inclusive education: A simulation study on improving the education
   experience of Children with Special Needs (CSN) in inclusive schools in
   South Kalimantan
TC 0
SO ENV SOC PSYCHOL
PY 2024
AB education is an essential part of the nation ' s life , and everyone has the
   right to get an education , including children with special needs and people
   with disabilities . children with special needs ( csn ) experience
   longstanding physical , intellectual , mental , or sensory limitations that
   make them different from ordinary people . this study aims to present the
   best system for children with special needs in inclusive schools in south
   kalimantan using the causal loop diagram ( cld ) model , which highlights
   because_and_effect relationships between systemcomponents , as illustrated
   in the diagram . this research adopts a system dynamics approach focusing on
   understanding the behavioral implications emerging from existing structures
   and uses powersimsoftware as an instrumental tool . the results showed that
   the increase in the number of special assistance teachers ( sat ) and the
   increase in individual facilities and programs for children with special
   needs ( csn ) in south kalimantan increased the number of csn attending
   inclusive schools by 8 % to 6,387 the following year . this is due to the
   average of one sat accompanying one csn , so the system implemented has
   succeeded in improving the quality of inclusive education for csn . 2024 by
   author ( s ) .
DE children with special needs; inclusive education; inclusive schools; special
   teacher; systemdynamics

---

UT 429
AR Koutsopoulos MT, 2026, FOODS, V15, DOI 10.3390/foods15030582
TI Sustainable Recovery from Shocks: Policies and Partnerships for Fresh
   Produce Rescue and Environmental Impact Reduction
AU Koutsopoulos MT; Luna-Reyes LF; Bozlak CT; Neff R; Mu T; Romeiko XX; Guo
   Z/3; Hosler AS; Pettigrew SM; Pernicka N; Crasto-Donnelly P; Klein A;
   Feingold BJ
TC 0
SO FOODS
PY 2026
AB food policies that respond to shocks and support nutritious diets for
   vulnerable populations can enhance resilience , support social equity , and
   reduce environmental damage . using a simulation model , we evaluated the
   effectiveness of two food redistribution policies_nourish new york , a
   program providing funds to food rescue organizations to purchase food
   directly from farmers , and the food donation and food scraps recycling law
   ( an organics ' ' waste ban ' ' ) _in response to a shock such as the
   covid_19 pandemic . we assessed policy based on recovered food and life
   cycle carbon and water footprints over 10 years . both policies improved
   produce donations during post_shock . the waste ban increased waste at
   feeding organizations . diverting unavoidable food waste to composting and
   anaerobic digestion mitigated its carbon footprint . enhanced coordination
   and partnerships within the food redistribution network were crucial for
   ensuring that produce reached those in need , ultimately reducing long_term
   environmental impacts . implementing multiple strategies that enhance
   recovery from farms and retail , while strengthening the organizational
   capacity of the food redistribution network , can simultaneously advance
   food security and environmental goals . 2026 by the authors .
DE food donation; food policy; food waste; shock recovery; system dynamics
ID anaerobic digestion; article; coronavirus disease 2019; feeding; food
   quality; food waste; fruit; global warming potential; human; landfill; life
   cycle; recycling; shock; social equity; vegetable; waste management

---

UT 430
AR Dan B, 2022, JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG, V28, P892, DOI
   10.13196/j.cims.2022.03.022
TI Collaborative operation model and simulation analysis of the third party
   platform multi-value chain under the influence of matching level;
   [匹配水平影响下第三方平台多价值链的协同运作模型及仿真分析]
AU Dan B; Li W/3; Shi Y
TC 2
SO JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG
PY 2022
AB based on a multi_value chain composed of a third_party platform , multiple
   host manufacturers and multiple parts suppliers , a multi_value chain
   collaborative operation model by using system dynamics method was
   constructed for analyzing the influence of the third party platform ' s
   matching level on manufacturers and suppliers ' collaborative operation
   strategies . the main factors of impacting the number of manufacturers ,
   suppliers and matching level of platform to platform , manufacturer and
   supplier returns were described . the collaborative operation strategy of
   manufacturers and suppliers under different platform matching level was
   obtained with vensim software simulation . research results showed that the
   manufacturers and suppliers ' income was affected by platform matching
   levels and the number of users in the market . a higher matching level was
   better for manufacturers according to the long_term development . for the
   supplier , at the beginning lower matching level was better in mature stage
   of a platform , a higher matching level was more favorable to it . 2022 ,
   editorial department of cims . all right reserved .
DE collaborative operation model; matching level; multi-value chain; system
   dynamics; third-party platform
ID computer software; simulation platform; system theory; collaborative
   operation model; collaborative operations; matching level; matchings; multi-
   value; multi-value chain; operations modeling; third parties; third-party
   platform; value chains; manufacture

---

UT 431
AR Ribeiro CLC, 2022, WATER SUPPLY, V22, P5494, DOI 10.2166/ws.2022.184
TI Simulations of the climate change and its effect on water resources in the
   Palma River basin, Brazil
AU Ribeiro CLC; Diotto AV; Thebaldi MS; Rodrigues JAM; Viola MR
TC 3
SO WATER SUPPLY
PY 2022
AB anthropic and natural factors can affect the water availability in a basin ,
   making necessary the use of tools that allow the simulation of future
   scenarios . considering that future climate change can affect water
   resources , the objective of this study was to evaluate the sustainability
   of the palma river basin , located in the tocantins state , brazil ,
   throughout the century , under scenarios of climate change and increase in
   irrigated area . future runoff was simulated using the swat model ,
   considering the eta / hadgem2_es and eta / miroc5 climate models and the
   rcps 4.5 and 8.5 emission scenarios . the crop irrigation requirement was
   simulated using the aquacrop model . a model was created in stella software
   , where the water supply and demand data in the basin were entered , and the
   sustainability index ( si ) was calculated , whose results were
   statistically analyzed through trend and correlation tests . hadgem 8.5 was
   the most unsustainable scenario . miroc 4.5 and miroc 8.5 scenarios showed
   higher growth of unsustainable months over time . a trend of decreasing si
   and increasing unsustainable months was observed in most scenarios . the
   results found can assist in the decision_making of water resource managers ,
   to promote the mitigation of climate change effects in the basin . 2022 iwa
   publishing . all rights reserved .
DE aquacrop; hydrological modeling; stella; swat; system dynamics; water
   resources management
ID balearic islands; brazil; majorca; mediterranean sea; palma; spain;
   tocantins; climate models; decision making; economics; software testing;
   sustainable development; water resources; water supply; watersheds; water;
   aquacrop; hydrological models; natural factors; river basins; stella;
   sustainability index; swat; water availability; water resources management;
   waters resources; climate change; climate effect; correlation; future
   prospect; hydrological modeling; irrigation system; soil and water
   assessment tool; sustainability; water availability; water management; water
   resource; article; brazil; climate change; climate model; clinical
   evaluation; controlled study; correlation analysis; decision making;
   evapotranspiration; fluid intake; hierarchical clustering; hydrological
   model; irrigation ( agriculture ); population growth; river; river basin;
   simulation; software; soil and water assessment tool model; water
   availability; water supply; climate change

---

UT 432
AR Pan X, 2024, CICTP RESILIENT INTELL CONNECT LOWCARBON MULTIMODAL TRANSP -
   PROC COTA INT CONF TRANSP PROF, P3669, DOI 10.1061/9780784485484.349
TI Forecast of Highway Passenger Volume in Spring Festival Travel Rush Based on
   System Dynamics Model
AU Pan X; Yang J/3; Zhang T
TC 0
SO CICTP RESILIENT INTELL CONNECT LOWCARBON MULTIMODAL TRANSP - PROC COTA INT
   CONF TRANSP PROF
PY 2024
AB during the holidays represented by the spring festival , passenger stations
   and highway passenger transport enterprises are facing great pressure .
   accurate prediction of highway passenger traffic during this period can make
   passenger stations and passenger transport enterprises carry out more
   reasonable capacity input and scheduling . based on the principle of system
   dynamics , this paper constructs a forecasting model of highway passenger
   volume in the spring festival travel rush . combined with the background of
   strong recovery of domestic tourism market , the influencing factors such as
   policy impact , residents ' demand , gdp , residents ' consumption level ,
   and highway mileage are substituted into the forecasting model as
   quantitative indicators , which effectively avoids the problem that the
   traditional model only relies on historical data to analyze the linear
   relationship to predict highway passenger volume . considering the nonlinear
   relationship among independent variables , a causal relationship diagram is
   constructed to analyze the causal feedback relationship , and the results
   are verified by comparing the historical data from 2019 to 2023 with the
   predicted values . the software vensim is used to analyze and predict the
   total passenger traffic of the spring festival travel rush during the three
   scenarios of high , medium , and low economic growth in china from 2024 to
   2026 . asce .
DE highway passenger volume; spring festival; system dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; motor transportation; enterprise is; forecasting
   models; highway passenger volume; historical data; passenger station;
   passenger traffic; passenger transport; spring festival; system dynamics;
   system dynamics modeling; system theory

---

UT 433
AR Xiao Y, 2024, INT CONF ENERGY SYST ELECTR POWER ICESEP, P1618, DOI
   10.1109/ICESEP62218.2024.10652072
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Analysis of the Impact of Regional Carbon
   Emissions by Electric Vehicles Integration
AU Xiao Y; Lin X; Hu H; Zhang F/1; Chen Z/1; Tang J; Gao Z; Zhou M/1
TC 0
SO INT CONF ENERGY SYST ELECTR POWER ICESEP
PY 2024
AB in the pursuit of low_carbon development and achieving the dual carbon goals
   , the development of electric vehicles is an important driver . this paper
   aims to study the impact of electric vehicles on carbon emissions . firstly
   , it analyzes the relationship between the scale of electric vehicles ,
   vehicle_to_gird , and the structure of regional energy sources and carbon
   emissions . then , three different strategies for the development of clean
   energy are constructed . finally , a feedback model based on system dynamics
   is established to simulate the dynamic evolution process of reducing
   regional carbon emissions through the integration of electric vehicles into
   the grid . to validate the effectiveness of the model , a city in southwest
   china is selected as the research object , and simulation using vensim
   software is conducted to analyze the impact of electric vehicle grid
   integration on reducing carbon emissions in three different scenarios . the
   simulation results show that the continuous expansion of the scale of
   electric vehicles will have a significant and positive effect on carbon
   emissions reduction . vehicle_to_grid technology has great potential for
   reducing carbon emissions . the promotion of clean energy has a significant
   effect on reducing carbon emissions . 2024 ieee .
DE carbon emissions; dual carbon targets; energy-resource structure; system
   dynamic; vehicle to gird
ID carbon emissions; carbon targets; clean energy; dual carbon target; dynamics
   analysis; energy; energy-resource structure; system dynamics; system
   dynamics modeling; vehicle to gird

---

UT 434
AR Alejandra Coronado Racines M, 2022, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P32, DOI
   10.1145/3523132.3523138
TI System Dynamics Application as a Tool to Estimate Environmental Effects of
   Irrigation, Pest and Weed Control Considering a Traditional Sugarcane Crop
   and an Organic Sugarcane Crop
AU Alejandra Coronado Racines M; Carlos Osorio Gomez J; Stephania Vargas Mesa D
TC 1
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2022
AB the cultivation of sugar cane generates impacts on ecosystems , two of the
   four most relevant impacts are environmental , on the one hand , the
   generation of greater water stress due to irrigation needs , in addition to
   the impact on biodiversity and endemic species due to land use ,
   highlighting the need for the development of policies for sugarcane
   production trying to mitigate these impacts [ 1 ] . this is how a dynamic
   simulation is proposed that addresses elements of sugarcane cultivation
   considering a case of traditional plantation and another organic one to
   estimate the environmental effects produced by irrigation , which generates
   depletion of the water resource , and the control of pests and weeds that
   because contamination in the soil through the application of chemicals . the
   proposed model was applied using the vensim ple software considering
   interrelationships between these elements . in this way , it was possible to
   conclude that the depletion of the water resource and the contamination of
   the soil is lower in organic cultivation , consuming 10.5 % less water , in
   addition they are not considered pollutants in the soil , but in the
   traditional cultivation reaches 1674 l / ha . it is important to note that
   for the model to be able to correctly support decision_making , additional
   aspects that affect the yield of each type of crop , as well as its profit
   margin and volatility , must be considered . 2022 acm .
DE irrigation; pest and weed control
ID biodiversity; crops; decision making; land use; organic chemicals; soil
   pollution; soils; sugar cane; water pollution; water resources; weed
   control; dynamic applications; dynamics simulation; endemic species;
   organics; pest and weed control; sugarcane crops; sugarcane cultivation;
   system dynamics; water stress; waters resources; irrigation

---

UT 435
AR Zhang M/3, 2024, J CLEAN PROD, V449, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.141717
TI A mechanism for upgrading the global value chain of China's wood industries
   based on sustainable green growth
AU Zhang M/3; Song G; Ma N
TC 16
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2024
AB with climate change and increasingly fierce international trade competition
   , upgrading the global value chains ( gvcs ) under the sustainable
   development mode is becoming a key transformation for china ' s wood
   industry . this study applies system dynamics theory to build a model of
   upgrading and evolution of the gvc of the wood industry based on sustainable
   green growth and uses vensim ple software for system simulation . the
   results demonstrate that ( 1 ) under the framework of sustainable green
   growth , the optimization of industry structure and security of resource
   supply play an important role in promoting the position of the gvc . ( 2 )
   improving technological innovation capacity , plantation forest stock ,
   carbon emission reduction intensity , and wage growth is essential to
   upgrade the wood industry ' s position in the gvc . ( 3 ) different policy
   implementations have different impacts on the coupled and coordinated
   development of the system , and implementing innovation_driven policies is
   the optimal realization path to promote the synergistic upgrading of the gvc
   . the findings enrich the holistic and systematic study of the evolution of
   gvc upgrading in traditional manufacturing industries and provide a fresh
   perspective for assisting the wood industry in realizing gvc upgrading under
   a sustainable green growth model . 2024 elsevier ltd
DE global value chains; green growth; mechanism construction; sustainability;
   system dynamics; wood industry
ID climate change; competition; computer software; forestry; structural
   optimization; sustainable development; system theory; wood; development
   modes; dynamics theory; global value chain; green growths; industry based;
   mechanism construction; optimizations; system dynamics; system simulations;
   wood industry; international trade

---

UT 436
AR Shaker F, 2024, J MODEL MANAG, V19, P1827, DOI 10.1108/JM2-07-2023-0136
TI Simulating the corrective actions affecting system availability: a system
   dynamics approach
AU Shaker F; Shahin A; Jahanyan S
TC 2
SO J MODEL MANAG
PY 2024
AB purpose : this paper aims to simulate vital corrective actions ( cas )
   affecting system availability through a system dynamics approach based on
   the results obtained by analyzing the causal relationships among failure
   modes and effects analysis elements . design / methodology / approach : a
   stock and flow diagram has been developed to simulate system behaviors
   during a timeframe . some improvement scenarios regarding the most necessary
   cas according to their strategic priority and the possibility of eliminating
   root causes of critical failure modes in a roller_transmission system have
   been simulated and analyzed to choose the most effective one ( s ) for the
   system availability . the proposed approach has been examined in a
   steel_manufacturing company . findings : results indicated the most
   effective cas to remove or diminish critical failure causes that led to the
   less reliability of the system . it illustrated the impacts of the selected
   cas on eliminating or decreasing root causes of the critical failure modes ,
   lessening the system ' s failure rate and increasing the system availability
   more effectively . research limitations / implications : results allow
   managers and decision_makers to consider different maintenance scenarios
   without wasting time and more cost , choosing the most appropriate option
   according to system conditions . originality / value : this study innovation
   would be the dynamic analysis of interactions among failure modes , effects
   and causes over time to predict the system behavior and improve availability
   by choosing the most effective cas through improvement scenario simulation
   via vensim software . 2024 , emerald publishing limited .
DE availability; failure modes and effects analysis; mean time between
   failures; mean time to repair; stock and flow diagram; system dynamics

---

UT 437
AR Guo B, 2022, SCI PROGR, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/1846254
TI Modeling and Simulation of Consumer Preference Decision for Commercial
   Complex Location Based on System Dynamics
AU Guo B; Zhang B/3; Li Y/7
TC 2
SO SCI PROGR
PY 2022
AB the influencing factors of consumer shopping behavior play a key role in the
   later performance of commercial real estate enterprises . on the basis of
   analyzing the influence factors of customer patronage and the influence
   factors of commercial complex site selection decision and their relationship
   , a causal relationship graph and a system dynamic model are established ,
   which can describe the influence of customer preference on commercial
   complex site selection decision . and introducing customer subjective
   factors optimize the original pure objective factors site selection decision
   model . the model is implemented by using the system dynamics modeling tool
   vensim . at the same time , the model is verified by using the data of the
   first_hand investigation . the results show that the calculated data of the
   model is in good agreement with the actual data . the results show that the
   system dynamics method can effectively simulate the influence of various
   factors on the decision_making of the commercial complex . as the forecast
   of the model , the key indexes of the decision_making of the city commercial
   complex are discussed , and the measures to be taken are put forward , which
   can provide reference for the decision_making of the location . 2022 bin guo
   et al .
ID consumer behavior; decision making; sales; system theory; complex sites;
   consumer shopping; decisions makings; location based; model and simulation;
   performance; selection decisions; shopping behavior; system dynamics; system
   dynamics modeling; site selection

---

UT 438
AR Shamsuddoha M, 2025, LOGIST, V9, DOI 10.3390/logistics9040171
TI System Dynamics Modeling of the Jute Stick Charcoal (JSC) Supply Chain:
   Logistics and Policy Strategies for Sustainable Rural Industrialization in
   Bangladesh
AU Shamsuddoha M; Hossain AI; Dewan I; Nur KF
TC 0
SO LOGIST
PY 2025
AB background : jute , recognized as the ' golden fiber ' of bangladesh ,
   produces a substantial amount of stick left over ( waste ) , a byproduct of
   the fiber . usually , unused jute sticks ( js ) are thrown away or burned ,
   since they are treated as landfill or unusable waste . noteworthy research
   gaps exist in the farming process , infrastructure , [ supply chains ] ,
   unfavorable policies , government interference , and insufficient farmers '
   knowledge of the export market . this research examines the potential of
   jute stick charcoal ( jsc ) as a sustainable and value_added product within
   the circular economy framework . methods : this study employs a system
   dynamics ( sd ) modeling approach to examine how various factors , including
   agricultural output , supply chain process efficiency , trade flows , and
   relevant variables , influence jsc supply chain performance . considering
   technologies , logistics , and policy variables , this study constructed a
   simulation model with three scenarios : current , worst_case , and improved
   , using vensim dss to identify system behavior under changing conditions .
   results : the simulation indicates that optimizing idle jute resources ,
   enhancing supply chain processes , and expanding markets can increase
   economic returns , reduce waste , and create more rural jobs , particularly
   for women . conclusions : enhanced coordination , technologies , and
   logistics can reduce carbon emissions , benefit farmers , support rural
   industries , and contribute to sdgs 8 , 12 , and 13 . 2025 by the authors .
DE agro-waste; bangladesh; charcoal; circular economy; jute; jute stick;
   modeling; production; simulation; supply chain; sustainability; system
   dynamics

---

UT 439
AR Prakoso B, 2021, E3S WEB CONF, V331, DOI 10.1051/e3sconf/202133101010
TI Forecast of COVID-19 cemetery land needs with system dynamics modeling
AU Prakoso B; Widana IDKK; Pramono R; Bangun E; Islami HS
TC 1
SO E3S WEB CONF
PY 2021
AB as of june 30 , 2021 , indonesia ranks third in asia with the highest number
   of deaths due to covid_19 . one of the provinces in indonesia , central java
   , is ranked third nationally in the accumulation of positive cases ,
   recoveries , and deaths . fulfilling the need for burial grounds for
   covid_19 positive bodies needs attention because several countries and
   regions in indonesia were experiencing a covid_19 public cemetery land
   crisis . sragen regency is one area in central java designated as a red zone
   . the number of death cases is relatively high needs to ensure the
   availability of covid_19 burial grounds . therefore , this study aims to
   model the forecast for covid_19 burial grounds . the approach used in this
   research is systems thinking , while the method used is system dynamics with
   powersim software . reference data for modeling is obtained from the
   http://corona.sragenkab.go.id page . the simulation results show the ame
   value of 4.7 % or less than 5 % so that the model is declared valid . based
   on the business as usual ( bau ) simulation , in the 20th week , it is
   estimated that there will be 320 deaths with a burial area of 961.13 m2 .
   until the 20th week , the increase in covid_19 positive population , death ,
   and cemetery land needs on the graph of the bau simulation results shows an
   exponential growth trend . the authors , published by edp sciences . this is
   an open access article distributed under the terms of the creative commons
   attribution license 4.0 ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ )

---

UT 440
AR Salimi N, 2021, J APPL RES WATER WASTEWATER, V8, P14, DOI
   10.22126/arww.2021.6453.1211
TI Management and planning of water resources allocation at the scenario
   analysis using system dynamics model: A case study on Yamchi dam basin, Iran
AU Salimi N; Feizi A; Rasi Nezami S; Kanooni A
TC 6
SO J APPL RES WATER WASTEWATER
PY 2021
AB in recent years , the growing population and the need to supply water for
   domestic , and health , and agriculture sectors have led to the
   establishment of industrial centers in developing countries . the onset of
   drought in most countries has challenged surface water , groundwater , dams
   , and reservoirs . iran is among those countries , which is located in a dry
   and semi_arid region . these factors made managers and decision_makers in
   this field make appropriate rules and regulations for the use of limited
   water resources . in this paper , the vensim dynamic model was applied to
   properly exploit the yamchi dam water and groundwater resources in the
   ardabil plain in iran and allocate these resources in the agriculture ,
   industry , and drinking sectors . by defining different scenarios , it was
   found that pressurized irrigation and changing the crop pattern scenarios
   are the most appropriate options for water management in the yamchi basin .
   in this scenario , known as g in the model , 62 % of the network lands are
   moved from traditional flood to pressurized irrigation with an irrigation
   efficiency of 60 % . accordingly , the reliability of the agricultural and
   drinking water supply will reach 92 and 99 % , respectively . meanwhile ,
   due to saving the water resources , the water infiltration caused by
   irrigation will be greatly reduced , and the land swamping will be prevented
   . the author ( s ) publisher : razi university .
DE allocation; groundwater; system dynamics; vensim; water resource; yamchi dam

---

UT 441
AR Qin Z, 2022, J PHYS CONF SER, V2301, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/2301/1/012004
TI Evolutionary Game Study on the Supervision Strategy in the Operation Phase
   of Green Public Buildings Based on System Dynamics Simulation
AU Qin Z; Wang J/2; Ji C/1
TC 0
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2022
AB in the energy performance contracting ( epc ) mode , an effective way to
   achieve green public buildings , the information asymmetry among
   stakeholders in the operation phase is critically adverse to the
   energy_saving effect of green public buildings . this paper constructs an
   evolutionary game model between energy users and energy_saving companies (
   escos ) in the operation phase of green public buildings under the premise
   of limited rationality . vensim ple software is used to build the
   corresponding simulation model to simulate the strategy evolution of players
   under different initial strategies . typical scenarios with different
   government punishment , penalties from energy users , and opportunistic
   gains of escos , respectively , are set up to conduct sensitivity analysis .
   the results show that dynamic alternation exists in the strategy evolution
   of players during the operation phase of green public buildings under the
   epc mode , and it is influenced by the simulation period and players '
   initial strategies . and the evolution in different typical scenarios is
   influenced by the aforementioned parameters with different significance .
   this study can provide a basis for the supervision strategy of escos in the
   operation phase of green public buildings by local governments and energy
   users thus promoting the energy_saving operation of green public buildings
   for final carbon reduction . published under license by iop publishing ltd .
ID buildings; computer software; energy conservation; energy  savings; energy
   performance; energy users; energy-savings; evolutionary games; game studies;
   operation phasis; performance contracting; public buildings; system dynamics
   simulation; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 442
AR Fatemi SS, 2023, INT J PROD QUAL MANAG, V39, P362, DOI
   10.1504/IJPQM.2023.132268
TI Presenting a multi-objective intelligent dynamic model of preventive
   maintenance using data mining
AU Fatemi SS; Javadi M; Azizi A; Najafi E
TC 0
SO INT J PROD QUAL MANAG
PY 2023
AB the aim of this paper is the design of an intelligent dynamic model of
   preventive maintenance using multi_objective optimization and data mining ,
   based on textile and clothing industry data , especially borujerd textile
   factories . based on the samples from the semi_annual data and reports of
   the textile and clothing industries during the years 2013 to 2018 , the data
   sets of the present study were compiled to perform data mining calculations
   . based on the information of the comparative diagram of changing the
   variables of the dynamic model and by changing the initial level of the rate
   of change of preventive maintenance , it was determined that dynamic growth
   rate of the variable of ' workplace factor ' with the lowest growth rate . '
   technology factor ' with moderate growth . ' strategy factor ' with the
   highest growth rate . ' employee factor ' with a desirable growth and '
   quality factor ' with a good growth rate were the results . copyright 2023
   inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE clementine data mining environment; fuzzy artificial neural network;
   maintenance; vensim system dynamics environment

---

UT 443
AR Dai P, 2025, PROMET TRAFFIC TRANSP, V37, P1071, DOI 10.7307/ptt.v37i4.844
TI Research on the Operation Strategy of Rural Logistics Network with
   Comprehensive Consideration of Cost, Efficiency and Benefit
AU Dai P; Lu C; Xu J
TC 0
SO PROMET TRAFFIC TRANSP
PY 2025
AB the high_cost and low_efficiency rural logistics network is a bottleneck
   that restricts the flow of commodities and economic development between
   urban and rural areas . in view of this , this paper uses the system
   dynamics modeling method to first analyze the constituent elements of the
   rural logistics network operation system and the relationship between them
   and draw the causal diagram . secondly , quantify the causal diagram with
   the dynamics equations , and establish the stock and flow diagram . thirdly
   , set the relevant parameters , and carry out the structural , parametric
   and sensitivity tests with vensim software . finally , for the scenarios of
   dealing with general commodities and fresh agricultural products , the
   simulation of rural logistics network operation is carried out , which
   reveals the feedback mechanism between network operation efficiency ,
   logistics cost and operating enterprise benefits , and simulates the
   implementation effects of different operation strategies from both
   endogenous and exogenous levels to explore how to build a rural logistics
   network with high efficiency , low cost and increased benefits . the results
   show that networked , organized and intelligent operation plans , logistics
   land use policies , and carbon tax policies are highleverage measures to
   reduce cost and increase efficiency in rural logistics networks . however ,
   attention should be paid to distinguishing between implementation stages and
   the attributes of the implemented enterprises , focusing on the reduction of
   logistics land cost at the early stage of network construction , levying
   logistics carbon tax and paying attention to the reduction of the transport
   fee rate at the mature stage of network operation and increasing policy
   preferences for fresh agricultural products logistics enterprises . 2025 ,
   faculty of transport and traffic engineering . all rights reserved .
DE operation strategy; rural logistics network; system dynamics
ID cost analysis; feedback mechanism; logistics; policy approach; pollution
   tax; rural area; simulation

---

UT 444
AR Gao Z/1, 2025, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1316 LNNS, P208, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-96-3949-6_16
TI Cost-Benefit Analysis and Technology Transition Management of Automation
   Adoption in Tea Plucking Based on System Dynamics Model Design
AU Gao Z/1; Tan AHP; Tuan JLY; Zheng Y/1; Luo Y/2
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2025
AB tea is one of the most significant cash crops in developing countries . tea
   cultivation plays a pivotal role in rural development and poverty reduction
   . currently , tea plucking is very labour_intensive . in response to the
   challenges of rural labor reduction and labor cost control , mechanization
   is a strategy to reduce costs . however , it remains unclear whether
   mechanization is beneficial to tea owners . this paper utilizes system
   dynamics to investigate this problem . first , the boundaries of the system
   were defined . secondly , variables were identified to construct a causal
   loop diagram . the variables were then defined and categorized , after which
   the stock flow diagrams were constructed , and the system dynamics equations
   were developed . finally , multiple scenario_based simulations were
   conducted . three scenarios were explored namely labour_only ,
   machinery_only , and combined scenarios . within the constraints of the
   model , simulations can result in additional revenue from machinery . the
   simulation results are accurate within the defined boundaries of the model ,
   while acknowledging for other possible variables not part of the model .
   possible improvements and recommendations are presented at the end . the
   author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer nature singapore pte ltd
   . 2025 .
DE plucking; system dynamics; tea; tea industry; vensim
ID cost reduction; crops; flowcharting; wages; automation adoption; cost-
   benefits analysis; mechanization; plucking; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; tea industry; technology transition; transition management;
   vensim; cost benefit analysis

---

UT 445
AR Fajri F, 2023, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V1183, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/1183/1/012073
TI Rain-shelter technology model in sustainable red chili production cluster in
   Aceh Tengah
AU Fajri F; Arida A; Susanti E; Hakim L
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2023
AB this study aims to design a rain_shelter technology model in the red chili
   agribusiness cluster as an alternative policy to increase farmers ' income .
   this study uses the soft system dynamics methodology ( ssdm ) , which is a
   systemic thinking modeling approach that can understand unstructured
   situations and contains the entire interaction between elements of an object
   through causal relationships as the basis for understanding the dynamic
   behavior of complex system of the object to assess the risks that occur in
   red chili agribusiness cluster . the research was conducted in the red chili
   production center in aceh tengah regency . identification of the need for
   cluster model done through literature and interviews with experts from
   stakeholders , namely practitioners and policy makers involved in the
   procedure of input supply , production , and marketing of red chili output .
   the primary data obtained through observation , in_depth interviews with
   respondents , as well as the activity of fgd ( focus group discussion ) ,
   while secondary data obtained through the study of literature from various
   sources of literature , books , scientific journals , and a variety of
   publications related to this research . formulation of model made by
   software veneta simulation ( vensim dss ) , followed by simulation . the
   result of this research showed that the application of the rain_shelter
   technology model effectively had a positive impact on the quantity and
   quality of on_grade red chili production , so that it was able to meet
   industrial market demands and increase farmers ' income . published under
   license by iop publishing ltd .

---

UT 446
AR Ren Z, 2023, PROC INT CONF INTELL SYST ADV COMPUT COMMUN ISACC, DOI
   10.1109/ISACC56298.2023.10084273
TI AO2DS: A Method of Auxiliary Operational Decision-making Based on System
   Dynamics Simulation
AU Ren Z; Ren X; Ren L
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF INTELL SYST ADV COMPUT COMMUN ISACC
PY 2023
AB the intelligent decision plays an important role in the modern war . this
   paper proposes ao2ds , an auxiliary operational decision method based on
   system dynamics simulation , to assist commander making decision . the
   state_of_the_art system dynamics simulation method relies on complex models
   and logical relationships . ao2ds reduces the complexity by extracting the
   essential decision points based on domain knowledge . meanwhile , ao2ds
   solves the problem of model explosion by using modular modeling and
   multi_view segmentation . furthermore , we expand a dynamic link libraries
   in vensim , which help ao2ds to achieve complex calculations and logical
   judgments . we have further applied ao2ds on the starcraft ii game platform
   . our experimental evaluation shows ao2ds can defeat the difficult computer
   , with more than 80 % winning rate . 2023 ieee .
DE battle decision; starcraft ii; system dynamics simulation
ID domain knowledge; system theory; battle decision; complex model; decision
   method; intelligent decisions; making decision; operational decision making;
   operational decisions; starcraft ii; state of the art system; system
   dynamics simulation; decision making

---

UT 447
AR Chen Y/8, 2025, BUILD, V15, DOI 10.3390/buildings15060949
TI What Kind of Policy Intensity Can Promote the Development of Intelligent
   Construction in Construction Enterprises?  Study Based on Evolutionary Games
   and System Dynamics Analysis
AU Chen Y/8; Shi Y/4; Lin S; Ding M
TC 1
SO BUILD
PY 2025
AB previous studies have focused on the fact that government policies are the
   key factors in promoting the development of intelligent construction in
   construction enterprises . however , how to select different forms of policy
   support and quantify the intensity of policy support , as well as the impact
   on the behavioral strategies of construction enterprises and the government
   , still needs in_depth exploration . this paper constructs an evolutionary
   game model between construction companies and the government , using the
   system dynamics simulation software vensim to analyze the model under three
   different government policy support scenarios . the study explores how
   varying levels of policy support and key factors influence the strategic
   choices of the game participants , providing valuable insights for promoting
   the development of intelligent construction . the key findings are as
   follows : ( 1 ) the willingness to adopt intelligent construction is heavily
   dependent on policy incentives . the incentive effect of the three single
   policies is much lower than that of the combined policies , and only
   high_intensity special fund support ( more than 8 cny / m2 ) significantly
   promotes widespread adoption . among combinations of policies , tax
   incentives coupled with special funds prove most effective . ( 2 ) the
   government ' s decision to actively promote intelligent construction hinges
   on a costbenefit analysis . under medium to high levels of special fund
   support , medium to low levels of service support are more beneficial for
   reaching a stable state of intelligent construction implementation . ( 3 )
   reducing the incremental costs of intelligent construction transformation is
   the primary key factor in promoting construction . the findings contribute
   to a deeper understanding of how both the government and construction
   companies can adjust their strategies in response to policy changes ,
   ultimately leading to more effective policy implementation and strategic
   decision_making . 2025 by the authors .
DE evolutionary game theory; intelligent construction; policy incentive;
   simulation modeling; system dynamics
ID construction companies; construction enterprise; evolutionary game theory;
   evolutionary system; intelligent constructions; key factors; policy
   incentives; policy support; simulation-modelling; system dynamics; system
   theory

---

UT 448
AR Luo S, 2024, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V24, DOI 10.1186/s12913-024-12113-6
TI Forecast of total health expenditure on China’s ageing population: a system
   dynamics model
AU Luo S; Zhang J/4; Heffernan M
TC 2
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2024
AB background : china is currently at a turning point as its total population
   has started to decline , and therefore faces issues related to caring for an
   aging population , which will require an increase in total health
   expenditure ( the ) . therefore , the ability to forecast china ' s future
   the is essential . methods : we developed two the system dynamics ( sd )
   models using stella architect 3.4 to simulate china ' s the from 2000 to
   2060 . the constant prices the sd model estimates the under low , medium ,
   and high total fertility rate ( tfr ) scenarios . the current prices the sd
   model serves as a robust calibration check . in addition , we developed a
   new total gross domestic production ( gdp ) forecast model to estimate the /
   gdp over the same period . results : our simulation results reveal a
   significant upward trend in china ' s the from 2000 to 2060 . specifically ,
   under the low tfr scenario , the is projected to reach approximately $ 33.4
   trillion in 2015 constant usd by 2060 . however , with the introduction of
   efficiency impact factors , the is expected to fall to around $ 8.6 trillion
   by 2060 . additionally , the per capita health expenditure is anticipated to
   rise from $ 102 in 2000 to roughly $ 30,800 by 2060 , though it could see a
   decrease to nearly $ 7,900 with efficiency improvements . our gdp forecast
   for 2060 is nearly $ 87 trillion , with the to gdp ratio expected to be
   about 9.7 % . in our scenario analysis , as tfr increases , the growing new
   births and decreased aging rate are expected to lead to a rise in the and a
   decrease in per capita health expenditure . conclusion : the efficiency of
   the utilization needs to be improved . increasing tfr can help alleviate
   population decline and aging to some extent . enhancing workforce
   productivity and sustained economic growth is needed to counteract the
   challenges posed by an aging population . the author ( s ) 2024 .
DE china gdp forecast; efficiency impact factors; population aging; scenario
   analysis; system dynamics; the/gdp; total fertility rate; total health
   expenditure; total population decline
ID aged; china; forecasting; gross domestic product; health expenditures;
   humans; population dynamics; aging; architect; article; calibration; china;
   controlled study; economic development; gross national product; human;
   predictive model; simulation; aged; china; forecasting; gross national
   product; health care cost; population dynamics

---

UT 449
AR Zhang M/2, 2022, COMPLEX SYST COMPLEX SCI, V19, P96, DOI
   10.13306/j.1672-3813.2022.01.013
TI Systems Dynanics-based Study on Contract and Tacit Knowledge Transfer;
   [基于SD模型的契约与隐性知识转移研究]
AU Zhang M/2; Gao L
TC 1
SO COMPLEX SYST COMPLEX SCI
PY 2022
AB there are still some weaknesses of the research on tacit knowledge transfer
   from the perspective of contract . to explore the systematic impact of
   formal / informal contracts on tacit knowledge transfer , this paper
   extracts four transfer mechanisms , trust level , transaction cost , patent
   risk and contract rigidity , and builds a sd model , then uses vensim ple
   for simulation and sensitivity analysis . the results show that , there are
   differences in the influence path and impact effect of formal / informal
   contracts , under the synergistic effect of low_level formal contracts and
   high_level informal contracts , tacit knowledge transfer amount is the
   largest . tacit knowledge transfer is more dependent on informal contracts ,
   which provides a basis for enterprise contract governance . 2022 , the
   editorial department of complex systems and complexity science . all right
   reserved .
DE formal/informal contract; systems dynamics; tacit knowledge; transfer
   mechanism

---

UT 450
AR Ming L, 2023, J MOD, V43, P131, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1008-0821.2023.01.013
TI Research on the Guidance and Control Mechanism and Causal Mechanism of Short
   Video Network Public Opinion under Multi-agent Collaboration;
   [多主体协同视域下短视频网络舆情导控机理及因果机制研究]
AU Ming L
TC 1
SO J MOD
PY 2023
AB [ purpose / significance ] the increasing popularity and application of
   short videos have brought convenience to the communication of netizens , but
   also led to the generation of short video network public opinion , which has
   brought new challenges to the work of network public opinion guidance and
   control . [ method / process ] based on the analysis of rel evant subjects
   and influencing factors of short video network public opinion , vensim ple
   software was used to construct a system dynamics model including three
   subsystems of netizens , short video platform and government , and combined
   with ' ' zhengzhou 720 extraordinary rainstorm disaster event ' ' , the
   model was simulated and analyzed , and the process tracking method was used
   to analyze the causal mechanism of short video network public opinion
   guidance and control , and to build a theoretical analysis model . [ result
   / conclusion ] the results show that short video network public opinion is
   jointly affect ed by the guidance and control needs , subject participation
   and coordination mechanism , which can be effectively guided from the
   aspects of formulating guidance and control plans , strengthening the
   construction of convergent media matrix , and strengthening effective
   coordination between subjects . control short video network public opinion .
   the author ( s ) 2023 .
DE causal mechanism; multi-agent collaboration; network public opinion; process
   tracking; short video; system simulation

---

UT 451
AR Bao X, 2025, J RAILW ENG SOC, V42, P119
TI Research on Construction Efficiency Level of Railway Engineering Technology
   Interface; [铁路工程技术接口施工工效水平研究]
AU Bao X; Huo Y; Ban X; Xu J/2
TC 0
SO J RAILW ENG SOC
PY 2025
AB research purposes : to improve the efficiency of technical interface
   construction , this paper constructs a technical interface construction
   based on the existing building construction efficiency system , and uses a
   system dynamics model to analyze the construction efficiency of railway
   engineering technical interfaces and dynamically predicts their changing
   trends . research conclusions : ( 1 ) based on the constructed technical
   interface construction efficiency system , 51 influencing factors are
   identified . ( 2 ) using gray number theory and decision laboratory analysis
   , the interaction relationship between factors is analyzed , and 40 key
   influencing factors are identified . ( 3 ) using system dynamics theory ,
   the feedback mechanisms of various key factors are analyzed , the causal
   relationship diagrams are drawn , and the dynamic impact of various factors
   are simulated on the construction efficiency level of technical interfaces
   using vensim software . the results indicate that in the initial state , the
   efficiency level of the ' ' human ' ' subsystem is the highest , while as
   the construction progress progresses , the efficiency level of the ' '
   management ' ' subsystem changes the fastest . ( 4 ) the research results
   can provide reference for railway engineering technology interface
   management and decision_making . 2025 editorial department of journal of
   railway engineering society . all rights reserved .
DE construction efficiency; influencing factors; railway engineering; system
   dynamics; technical interface
ID behavioral research; decision making; decision theory; engineering research;
   number theory; railroad transportation; railroads; system theory; building
   construction; changing trends; construction efficiency; efficiency levels;
   influencing factor; railway engineering; research purpose; system dynamics;
   system dynamics modeling; technical interface; efficiency

---

UT 452
AR Wang Y/9, 2021, IEEE CONF ENERGY INTERNET ENERGY SYST INTEGR ENERGY INTERNET
   CARBON NEUTRALITY EI2, P4210, DOI 10.1109/EI252483.2021.9713032
TI Dynamic Evolution Mechanism of High-End Chemical Industry Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Wang Y/9; Wei J
TC 0
SO IEEE CONF ENERGY INTERNET ENERGY SYST INTEGR ENERGY INTERNET CARBON
   NEUTRALITY EI2
PY 2021
AB according to the theory of system dynamic , analyzing the influencing
   factors of high_end chemical industry , using vensim software , dynamic
   network model of high_end chemical industry development is constructed , and
   mechanism of its development is analyzed . 2021 ieee
ID chemical analysis; dynamics; dynamic evolution; dynamic network modeling;
   evolution mechanism; industry based; industry development; system dynamics;
   chemical industry

---

UT 453
AR Nicho M, 2022, INT CONF HUM SYST INTERACT HSI, V2022-July, DOI
   10.1109/HSI55341.2022.9869450
TI Systems Dynamics Modeling for Evaluating Socio-Technical Vulnerabilities in
   Advanced Persistent Threats
AU Nicho M; Girija S
TC 1
SO INT CONF HUM SYST INTERACT HSI
PY 2022
AB the paper focus on the application of systems dynamics modeling ( sdm ) for
   simulating socio_technical vulnerabilities of advanced persistent threats (
   apt ) to unravel human computer interaction ( hci ) for strategic visibility
   of threat actors . sdm has been widely applied to analyze nonlinear ,
   complex , and dynamic systems in social sciences and technology . however ,
   its application in the cyber security domain especially apt that involve
   complex and dynamic human computer interaction is a promising but scant
   research domain . while hci deals with the interaction between one or more
   humans and between one or more computers for greater usability , this same
   interactive process is exploited by the apt actor . in this respect , using
   a data breach case study , we applied the socio_technical vulnerabilities
   classification as a theoretical lens to model socio and technical
   vulnerabilities on systems dynamics using vensim software . the variables
   leading to the breach were identified , entered into vensim software , and
   simulated to get the results . the results demonstrated an optimal
   interactive mix of one or more of the six socio variables and three
   technical variables leading to the data breach . sdm approach thus provides
   insights into the dynamics of the threat as well as throw light on the
   strategies to undertake for minimizing apt risks . this can assist in the
   reduction of the attack surface and reinforce mitigation efforts ( prior to
   exfiltration ) should an apt attack occur . in this paper , we thus propose
   and validate the application of system dynamics approach for designing a
   dynamic threat assessment framework for socio_technical vulnerabilities of
   apt . 2022 ieee .
DE advanced persistent threats; data breach; human-computer interaction;
   systems dynamics; vulnerabilities
ID cybersecurity; investments; advanced persistent threat; data breach;
   nonlinear dynamic systems; nonlinear complex systems; sociotechnical; system
   dynamics; system dynamics modeling; technical vulnerabilities; vensim
   softwares; vulnerability; human-computer interaction

---

UT 454
AR Lock R, 2024, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V238, P1042, DOI
   10.1016/j.procs.2024.06.132
TI Modeling hospital logistics capacity through system dynamics during the
   COVID-19 pandemic: Case of Pasco Healthcare Network in Peru
AU Lock R; Benavente Y; Gatica G; Olivares P; Ramirez J; Gonzalez-Holgado A
TC 3
SO PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI
PY 2024
AB the present investigation , whose main objective is based on modeling the
   hospital logistics capacity in the pasco healthcare network ( peru ) through
   systems dynamics during the first and second wave of the appearance of the
   sars_covid_2 virus , oriented toward a study in the capacity to respond to
   the most intense health emergency in recent decades . in the first instance
   , the reality of the studied system was made known , which was possible
   thanks to the information provided by the actors that make up the hospital
   logistics capacity , sources uploaded to the who worldwide . afterwards , we
   proceeded to characterize the variables that make up the system ,
   prioritizing each of these through the application of a structural analysis
   that measured the levels of influence between one variable and another .
   because of this , we proceeded to create the causal diagram , and likewise
   facilitate the inclusion of the network model through the stella software .
   once the model has been simulated , the results obtained are reported . 2024
   elsevier b . v . . all rights reserved .
DE causal diagram; logistic capacity; structural analysis; system dynamics
ID health care; hospitals; sars; system theory; causal diagram; health
   emergencies; hospital logistics; logistic capacity; network models; stella
   software; system dynamics; structural analysis

---

UT 455
AR Mo J, 2023, J RAILW SCI ENG, V20, P4377, DOI
   10.19713/j.cnki.43-1423/u.T20222311
TI Influence of psychological flexibility on safety behavior of railroad
   construction workers in high altitude areas
AU Mo J; Cui L
TC 7
SO J RAILW SCI ENG
PY 2023
AB to improve the level of safety behavior of railroad construction personnel
   in high altitude areas , and to explore the mechanism of the influence of
   psychological flexibility on safety behavior . based on social cognitive
   theory and human_environment interaction theory , this study introduced
   safety self_efficacy and high_altitude environmental risk perception as
   mediating and moderating variables of the relationship between psychological
   resilience and safety behavior . at the same time , a hypothetical model of
   the relationship between psychological resilience and safety behavior was
   constructed . firstly , a phased approach to data collection was adopted ,
   using a well_established scale about psychological resilience and safety
   behavior . a questionnaire survey was conducted with front_line construction
   personnel from eight project departments of the under_construction
   high_altitude railway construction areas in gansu , qinghai and tibet .
   secondly , structural equations were established based on validated factor
   analysis and correlation analysis using amos 24.0 model to verify the
   hypothesis and calculate the path coefficients . finally , the causality and
   flow diagrams of safety behaviors were constructed . the path coefficients
   and constants were used as system dynamics ( sd ) simulation parameters to
   simulate the change process of psychological resilience and safety behaviors
   under the intervention of safety self_efficacy and high_altitude
   environmental risk perception using vensim . the results show that
   psychological resilience significantly and positively can influence safety
   behavior ( safety compliance and safety participation ) , and safety
   self_efficacy mediated the relationship between psychological resilience and
   safety behavior ( safety compliance and safety participation ) . meanwhile ,
   the perception of risk in high_altitude environment significantly moderated
   the influence of psychological flexibility on safety behavior ( safety
   compliance and safety participation ) . in addition , the simulation results
   show that psychological resilience and safety behaviors show a parabolic
   line of decline and then increase under the intervention of safety
   self_efficacy and high_altitude environmental risk perception . the results
   not only can enrich the application of psychology in engineering practice ,
   but also provide new ideas for safety behavior research and practical
   suggestions for improving enterprise safety management . 2023 , central
   south university press . all rights reserved .
DE high-altitude railroad construction; psychological resilience; safety
   behavior; structural equation modeling; system dynamics
ID behavioral research; occupational risks; personnel; risk perception; safety
   engineering; system theory; construction personnel; environmental risk
   perceptions; high-altitude railroad construction; psychological resilience;
   safety behavior; safety compliances; safety participations; self efficacy;
   structural equation models; system dynamics; railroads

---

UT 456
AR Li Y/12, 2023, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V43, P3549, DOI
   10.12011/SETP2023-0076
TI Research on the motivation of “Manufacturing chain + Platform” dual mode
   value co-creation based on system dynamics; [基于系统动力学的 “制造链 + 平台”
   双模式价值共创实现动因研究]
AU Li Y/12; Li J/8; Sun X; Bai X
TC 7
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2023
AB a supply chain with the manufacturing company at its core is usually
   referred to as a manufacturing chain . constructing the ' ' manufacturing
   chain + platform ' ' dual mode by building a platform based on the
   manufacturing chain is an important way for china ' s traditional
   manufacturing industry to achieve digitalization and service transformation
   . based on value co_creation theory , starting from the structure of
   dual_mode value co_creation system , this paper systematically analyzes the
   internal and external motivations of dual_mode value co_creation and their
   realization mechanism . by relationalizing the mechanism , an overall causal
   loop diagram of the system is formed to fully capture the feedback effects
   among the factors . on this basis , in order to understand the path and
   degree of the influence of each factor on the value co_creation system from
   a dynamic perspective , and then identify the key factors affecting the
   effect of dual_mode value co_creation , this study constructs a system
   dynamics model and conducts simulation experiments by using vensim software
   . it is found that resource , relationship , and network structural
   motivations differentially contribute to value co_creation , and the
   technological innovation indirectly influences value co_creation through
   acting on the internal structural motivation . in the early stage , the flow
   and innovation of diverse resources and the integration and collaboration of
   complementary resources take the lead in stimulating the accumulation of
   co_creation value . in the middle stage , the building of explicit
   relationships and the strengthening of the interaction of implicit
   relationships on the platform can effectively maintain the vitality of
   multi_subject value co_creation . and the expansion of the scale of subjects
   driven by the network effect is the key aspect of the final formation of
   dual_mode ecology . moreover , improving the compound ability of the focal
   enterprise , platform technology investment and cross_side network effect
   can significantly improve the value co_creation effect of dual mode and the
   accumulation of subject scale . reducing customer learning cost has a
   certain contribution to the increase of the number of subjects , but has a
   less significant effect on co_creation value . while the professional
   ability of supply_side partners has a weaker impact on the value co_creation
   effect and ecological construction of dual mode . 2023 systems engineering
   society of china . all rights reserved .
DE simulation analysis; system dynamics; value co-creation driving factor;
   manufacturing chain + platform dual-mode
ID computer software; ecology; engineering education; simulation platform;
   supply chains; system theory; co-creation; driving factors; dual modes;
   manufacturing chain; simulation analysis; system dynamics; value co
   creations; value co-creation driving factor; value co-creation system;
   manufacturing chain + platform dual-mode; motivation

---

UT 457
AR Ni G, 2022, PSYCHOL, V13, DOI 10.3389/fpsyg.2022.888060
TI Formation Mechanism and Dynamic Evolution Laws About Unsafe Behavior of New
   Generation of Construction Workers Based on China’s Construction Industry:
   Application of Grounded Theory and System Dynamics
AU Ni G; Lv L; Wang S; Miao X; Fang Y; Liu Q
TC 21
SO PSYCHOL
PY 2022
AB construction workers ' unsafe behavior is a major because of safety
   accidents and injuries , therefore , a profound understanding of the
   formation process and evolution laws about construction workers ' unsafe
   behavior is conducive to taking measures to prevent incidents . at present ,
   the new generation of construction workers ( ngcws ) born after 1980 are
   gradually becoming the main force at construction sites in china . given
   that generational differences of construction workers can cause the
   discrepancies in their thoughts and attitudes when engaging in
   safety_related activities , this study aims to investigate the formation
   mechanism and dynamic evolution laws about ngcws ' unsafe behavior based on
   the context of china ' s construction industry . from the perspective of
   behavior motivation , in_depth semi_structured interviews with 18 ngcws and
   7 grassroots managers were conducted , and data analysis followed a
   three_step coding process based on grounded theory . through continuous
   comparison , abstraction and analysis , the stimulus_organism_response
   theory was introduced and expanded to construct a three_stage formation
   mechanism model . on this basis , the causal diagram and stock flow diagram
   were developed based on system dynamics principles to reflect the dynamic
   feedback relationships of the factors in the static formation mechanism
   model , and simulation was carried out using vensim ple software . the
   results show that three types of internal needs and three types of external
   incentives stimulate corresponding motivations for ngcws ' unsafe behavior .
   two types of individual factors , five types of situational factors and
   behavior result play an influencing role in the decision_making process of
   externalizing motivation into behavior . under the synergistic effect of
   multiple factors , the level of unsafe behavior displays a downward trend ,
   and the rate of decrease is slow first and then fast . furthermore , among
   individual factors and situational factors , safety awareness and safety
   management system have the most significant effect on the level of unsafe
   behavior , while situational factors play a more obvious role . the findings
   can provide theoretical support and practical references to china ' s
   construction companies and government departments for the purpose of
   improving ngcws ' unsafe behavior . copyright 2022 ni , lv , wang , miao ,
   fang and liu .
DE behavior motivation; dynamic evolution laws; formation mechanism; grounded
   theory; new generation of construction workers; system dynamics; unsafe
   behavior

---

UT 458
AR Chu Y, 2025, LECT NOTES BUS PROCESS, V551, P355, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-94190-0_30
TI Financial Risk Evaluation and Control in New Energy Vehicle Enterprises: A
   Case Study of BYD
AU Chu Y; Zhang A; Yu Q
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES BUS PROCESS
PY 2025
AB in the context of global low_carbon development and the promotion of green
   energy transformation , the new energy vehicle industry is growing rapidly ,
   making significant contributions to china ' s economic development . however
   , financial risks in this sector are also on the rise . how to prevent and
   mitigate these risks , and correctly understand and evaluate them , has
   become an urgent issue for enterprises to solve . byd , as a pioneer in the
   chinese new energy vehicle industry , has a long history and a sound
   financial system , making it a representative case for research . therefore
   , based on literature research and risk management theories , this paper
   selects byd as the research object , analyzes the influencing factors of its
   financial risks , and concludes through the analytic hierarchy process that
   the major financial risks are solvency and cash flow capacity . subsequently
   , the system dynamics modeling method is applied , and the vensim_ple is
   used for simulation analysis to explore the dynamic relationship between
   various factors and financial risks . finally , targeted risk prevention and
   governance measures are proposed based on key factors . the study shows that
   byd ' s net operating cash flow has the greatest impact on the enterprise '
   s cash flow , while the company ' s investment cash flow displays negative
   growth , the financing cash flow shows positive growth , and the overall net
   cash flow grows slowly . additionally , byd ' s accounts receivable
   collection period is relatively long . the author ( s ) , under exclusive
   license to springer nature switzerland ag 2025 .
DE byd; financial risk; new energy vehicle; simulation analysis; system
   dynamics
ID analytic hierarchy process; economics; investments; risk analysis; risk
   management; system theory; vehicles; byd; case-studies; cash flow; financial
   risks; new energy vehicles; risk evaluation; risks controls; simulation
   analysis; system dynamics; vehicle industry; risk assessment

---

UT 459
AR Zhao Y/2, 2023, LIBR SERV, V67, P25, DOI
   10.13266/j.issn.0252-3116.2023.18.003
TI A System Dynamics Study on the Economic Contribution of Public Cultural
   Services; [公共文化服务经济贡献度的系统动力学研究]
AU Zhao Y/2; Li M/6
TC 0
SO LIBR SERV
PY 2023
AB [ purpose / significance ] it is said that public cultural services can
   promote the development of the national economy , the mechanism ,
   measurement and promotion strategy of its contribution to the economy still
   need to be deeply and systematically discussed . [ method / process ] this
   article used various statistical data in recent ten years to construct an
   indicator system for measuring the economic contribution of public cultural
   services . the system dynamics model was constructed to describe how public
   cultural services promote economic development with the results of
   regression analysis . vensim ple was used to do simulation experiments for
   the next decade . [ result / conclusion ] to increase the economic
   contribution of public cultural services , it is necessary to improve the
   performance of public financial investment on culture , increase economic
   transformation of public cultural services , reduce the lag of economic
   benefits of public cultural services , make a good plan to balance quality
   and growth , emphasize the interaction between culture and economy . 2023
   lis press co . , ltd . all rights reserved .
DE economic contribution; public cultural service; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 460
AR Sangchini EK, 2021, ADV SCI TECH INNO, P25, DOI 10.1007/978-3-030-67028-3_3
TI An Integrated System Dynamics Model to Predict the Effects of Management
   Scenarios on Economic Assessment of Water and Soil Resources in Hableh-Rud
   River Basin, Iran
AU Sangchini EK; Ownegh M; Sadoddin A; Zarghami M
TC 3
SO ADV SCI TECH INNO
PY 2021
AB system dynamics modeling facilitates the integrated and sustainable
   management of soil and water resources by enhancing the understanding of
   watershed systems . the hableh_rud river basin , an important watershed of
   iran located across tehran and semnan provinces , was chosen for the present
   research . reference diagrams were created to represent causal relationships
   and feedbacks based on which the conceptual model for the integrated
   management of soil and water resources of the hableh_rud river basin was
   developed . the conceptual model was then converted into a model of stocks
   and flows and run in the vensim software . the model is comprised of by the
   biophysical and the economic subsystems . the main components of the
   physical subsystem include water balance , groundwater , erosion ,
   sedimentation and water quality . in the economic subsystem , total costs
   and benefits were taken into account . model verification was carried out
   through extreme condition tests and behavior reproduction tests . having the
   nashsutcliffe and r2 coefficients with greater values than 0.62 and 0.63 ,
   respectively , model tested . different scenarios including vegetation
   management , climate , water resources management and cropping patterns were
   simulated , and the outputs of each scenario were compared to the outputs of
   the existing condition . the results of scenario analyzes for a 30_year
   period reveal that payment for 50 % of the ecosystem services by the
   government to expand alternative jobs and reduce damage to natural resources
   was determined as the best scenario . scenario of payment for 25 % of the
   ecosystem services by the government to expand alternative jobs and reduce
   damage to natural resources was chosen as the next best scenario . after
   evaluating the vegetation management scenarios , it was determined that farm
   management actions were considered as the best vegetation scenario . the
   research indicates that the system dynamic model , as an integrated approach
   for management of water resources in a basin , is pragmatic . 2021 , the
   author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer nature switzerland ag .
DE hableh-rud river basin; integrated water resources management; system
   dynamics; the economic situation

---

UT 461
AR He Y/2, 2023, SMART INNOV SYST TECHNOL, V260, P607, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-19-2768-3_59
TI Industrial Upgrading and Labor Employment Based on System Dynamics in China
AU He Y/2; Hao P
TC 0
SO SMART INNOV SYST TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB stem dynamics ' perspective , vensim ple is built to a system dynamics
   modeling , and the paper used it to the basic analysis frame of industrial
   transformation and upgrading and labor employment . the simulation results
   show that the model has a high_fitting degree in the actual evolution
   process of industrial transformation and upgrading and labor employment .
   through randomly adjusting the variables of achievement conversion rate ,
   tax rate , talent attraction , and policy implementation coefficient , the
   paper analyzed the change trend of gross domestic product and total labor
   under different conditions . it verified the feasibility between the above
   variables and industrial transformation and upgrading and total labor
   employment . the results aim to enrich the theoretical system of industrial
   upgrading and structural adjustment and provide valid and powerful
   supporting for the decisions of regional economic management . it has
   important theoretical and practical value . 2023 , the author ( s ) , under
   exclusive license to springer nature singapore pte ltd .
DE industrial upgrading; labor employment; system dynamics
ID employment; regional planning; system theory; conversion rates; evolution
   process; fitting degree; industrial transformations; industrial upgrading;
   labor employment; policy implementations; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; tax rates; taxation

---

UT 462
AR Seferidi P, 2025, LANCET REG HEAL -, V46, DOI 10.1016/j.lana.2025.101102
TI Actions against the double burden of malnutrition in Peru: a community-
   informed system dynamics model
AU Seferidi P; Guzman-Abello L; Ballard E; Creed-Kanashiro HM; Huicho L;
   Miranda JJ; Millett C; Bernabe-Ortiz A
TC 2
SO LANCET REG HEAL -
PY 2025
AB background : peru ' s progress in reducing stunting has stagnated since 2018
   , while the country is facing increasing levels of overnutrition , leading
   to a double burden of malnutrition . however , this shift in nutrition
   burden is not reflected in peru ' s nutrition policy agenda . this study
   aims to identify leverage points for actions against population_level double
   burden of malnutrition in peru . methods : we developed a system dynamics
   model that simulates changes in overweight and stunting over time in peru
   through changes in food system drivers . the model was conceptually informed
   by policymakers , practitioners and community members in peru and used
   quantitative and qualitative data from secondary sources and published
   literature . findings : the model indicated that several overnutrition
   policies , including policies targeting food availability and affordability
   , may decelerate but not halt the increase of overweight in the country ,
   mainly due to industry resistance . however , in the long term , the
   reallocation of resources toward overnutrition policies may inadvertently
   hinder progress toward stunting targets . transforming nutrition policy
   governance , from siloed overnutrition and undernutrition policies toward a
   common policy framework against the double burden of malnutrition was the
   only modeled scenario that halted the rise in overnutrition , while keeping
   peru on course to reach its stunting goals . interpretation : transition
   away from policy landscapes that focus on single nutrition outcomes toward
   synergistic actions that target malnutrition in all forms is a long_term
   solution toward achieving global nutrition goals . such policy transitions
   are especially important in low and middle_income countries like peru ,
   which are affected by the double burden of malnutrition . funding : this
   study was supported by a research grant from the biotechnology and
   biological sciences research council ( bbsrc ) ( grant reference : bb /
   t009004/1 ) . 2025 the authors
DE double burden of malnutrition; double-duty actions; peru; system dynamics
ID article; body mass; child; community; conceptual framework; demographics;
   disease burden; dynamics; food availability; health practitioner; human;
   information system; major clinical study; malnutrition; malnutrition
   assessment; nutrition policy; overnutrition; peru; prevalence; sensitivity
   analysis; simulation; stakeholder participation; stunting; system dynamics
   model

---

UT 463
AR Li X/9, 2021, SYST, V9, DOI 10.3390/systems9040087
TI The impact of different internet application contexts on knowledge transfer
   between enterprises
AU Li X/9; Li X/2
TC 9
SO SYST
PY 2021
AB this paper investigates the effect of different internet application
   scenarios on the forward and reverse knowledge transfer between architecture
   enterprises and component enterprises in the context of modular production
   in manufacturing enterprises . after dividing the internet contexts into
   three the perspectives of internet tools , internet platforms , and internet
   resources , this paper adopts a system dynamics approach to construct a
   causality model and a system flow diagram of the influence of different
   internet contexts on the knowledge transfer between architecture enterprises
   and component enterprises , and uses vensim ple software to simulate and
   conduct a sensitivity analysis of the model . the results show that the
   three internet contexts , namely internet tools , internet platforms , and
   internet resources , can promote both positive and negative knowledge
   transfer between architecture enterprises and component enterprises , and
   exhibit a steadily growing trend of promotion . internet tools and internet
   resources are more conducive to positive knowledge transfer from
   architecture enterprises to component enterprises , and internet platforms
   have a stronger facilitation effect on the reverse knowledge transfer from
   the component enterprises to the architecture enterprises . our research
   offers useful recommendations for businesses on how to utilize various
   internet settings to promote and assist effective knowledge transfer . 2021
   by the authors . licensee mdpi , basel , switzerland .
DE architecture enterprises; component enterprises; internet application
   scenarios; knowledge transfer; systems dynamics

---

UT 464
AR Shi Y/3, 2022, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V22, DOI 10.1186/s12913-022-08835-0
TI Simulation of performance evaluation model for medical-elderly care
   integrated institutions based on system dynamics
AU Shi Y/3; Fan F; Zhang Z/4
TC 10
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2022
AB background : based on the chinese model of medical_elderly care integration
   , this paper aims to explore the impact of different investment levels on
   the performance of the medical_elderly care integrated institutions .
   methods : using the method of system dynamics , this paper establishes the
   performance evaluation model of medical_elderly care integrated institutions
   , sets the system element input , service level , and policy support as the
   key factors , and uses vensim ple software for simulation . results : the
   three key factors have different degrees of positive impact on the
   performance of medical_elderly care integrated institutions . on the whole ,
   policy support has the most significant impact on the performance of
   institutions , followed by the level of medical_elderly care integrated
   services . institutional input mainly has a great impact on the performance
   of institutions in the early stage . in addition , the model simulation
   results also show the emergence effect : the improvement rate of
   institutional performance under the comprehensive simulation is higher than
   the sum of the improvement rates under the separate action of single factor
   . conclusion : government policies have played an important role in
   promoting the development of medical_elderly care integrated institutions .
   the service level and resource input can effectively promote the performance
   of medical_elderly care integrated institutions . institutions should
   formulate development strategies from a systematic perspective , and pay
   attention to the integration of ' ' medical ' ' and ' ' elderly care ' '
   resources . 2022 , the author ( s ) .
DE medical-care integration models; performance evaluation; sensitivity
   analysis; system dynamics
ID aged; asians; computer simulation; humans; patient care; policy; software;
   aged; article; attention; elderly care; government; human; investment;
   medical-care; simulation; software; asian; computer simulation; patient
   care; policy; software

---

UT 465
AR Nasirzadeh H, 2021, ENERGY POLIC, V148, DOI 10.1016/j.enpol.2020.111963
TI Investment analysis in privatization of National Iranian Drilling Company
   using systems dynamics and BWM technique
AU Nasirzadeh H; Amin-Tahmasbi H; Amoozad Khalili H
TC 13
SO ENERGY POLIC
PY 2021
AB in this study , using system dynamics approaches and multi_criteria
   decision_making , the investment analysis in the privatization of the
   national iranian drilling company is investigated . for this purpose , key
   variables and factors influencing identification privatization and causal
   relationships between these variables are plotted in two causal loop diagram
   , stock and flow diagram in systems dynamics approach . then the results are
   simulated in vensim software from 2018 to 2025 and various investment
   scenarios for privatization are investigated . also , using multi_criteria
   decision_making approach based on bwm technique , investment priorities were
   identified in each dimension of efqm empowerment . the results of the system
   dynamics approach show that all aspects of privatization do not have the
   same impact on firm performance . the results of the present study will also
   contribute to the development of research literature in the field of
   privatization , and the proposed approach of the article can be used as a
   tool in the hands of managers and government officials to show them where
   and on what basis they should start privatization . 2020 elsevier ltd
DE best  and  worst method; national iranian drilling company; privatization;
   system dynamics
ID iran; decision making; infill drilling; investments; risk assessment; system
   theory; causal loop diagrams; causal relationships; drilling company;
   government officials; investment analysis; multicriteria decision making;
   system dynamics approach; vensim softwares; decision making; drilling;
   empowerment; investment; multicriteria analysis; privatization;
   privatization

---

UT 466
AR Martínez-Soto M, 2022, PROC LACCEI INT MULTI-CONF ENG EDUC TECHNOL,
   V2022-July, DOI 10.18687/LACCEI2022.1.1.474
TI Model of Relationships between Photovoltaic Solar Energy and Agribusiness;
   [Modelo de Relaciones entre la Energía Solar Fotovoltaica y los
   Agronegocios]
AU Martínez-Soto M; Rodríguez-Monroy C; Yilsy N-G; Prado-Carpio E; Lemus-León
   E; de Lourdes Olivo-Garrido M
TC 0
SO PROC LACCEI INT MULTI-CONF ENG EDUC TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB there is an increasing use of alternative renewable energies , among them
   the application of photovoltaic solar energy , due to the variation in oil
   and coal prices , in addition to the implications of global warming . energy
   is one of the main variables in the function of agribusiness and one of the
   fundamental inputs in production systems . thus , there is a trend toward a
   paradigm shift from the farmer_aquaculturist , producer of food and raw
   materials for industry , to the farmer who produces energy , as well as food
   and agro_industrial raw materials , which encourages the diversification of
   production in the field and the generation of new sources of income for
   rural producers . the objective of this research is to develop a
   relationships model between the photovoltaic energy and agribusiness
   constructs , in order to achieve higher levels of productivity ,
   competitiveness and sustainability . to this end , the system dynamics
   methodology was used , through the simulation software vensim ple v . 5.11.
   the main result consisted in the elaboration of the causal diagram and the
   determination of the first , second and third order influences . it is
   concluded that : a ) there is a relationship of interdependence between the
   constructs of agribusiness and photovoltaic solar energy . b ) diversified
   agroproduction is an essential construct to understand and integrate the
   interdependent relationships between photovoltaic energy and agribusiness .
   c ) public policies and knowledge management constitute two positive
   feedback loops that can accelerate the massive integration processes of
   photovoltaic energy to agribusinesses through agro_production . d ) poor
   final disposal of photovoltaic waste , conflicts over land use and
   overexploitation of aquifers for irrigation purposes represent three
   negative feedback loops that could stop and even reverse the progress that
   has occurred to date or that may occur in the future in the process of
   interrelationships between photovoltaic energy and agribusiness . it is
   recommended to validate the model . 2022 latin american and caribbean
   consortium of engineering institutions . all rights reserved .
DE agroenergy production; competitiveness; productivity; sustainability; system
   dynamics

---

UT 467
AR Duan W, 2021, ADV PROD ENG MANAG, V16, P5, DOI 10.14743/apem2021.1.381
TI Analysis of the impact of covid-19 on the coupling of the material flow and
   capital flow in a closed-loop supply chain
AU Duan W; Ma H/2; Xu DS
TC 23
SO ADV PROD ENG MANAG
PY 2021
AB the complex and changeable external social and economic environment has a
   significant impact on the sustainable development of the closed_loop supply
   chain . in particular , the occurrence of uncertain emergencies increases
   the risk of interruption of the closed_loop supply chain , making it
   insufficient to analyze its complex changes from the perspective of material
   flow alone . based on this analysis , the paper constructs a closed_loop
   supply chain material flow and capital flow coupling system composed of
   manufacturers , sellers and recyclers to explore the impact of material flow
   sudden interruption on the closed_loop supply chain system when an uncertain
   emergency occurs . in this paper , based on the closed_loop supply chain
   system coupled with logistics and capital flow , a system dynamics
   simulation model was established by using vensim simulation software to
   analyze the impact of covid_19 epidemic on manufacturers , sellers and
   recyclers under five scenarios . the results show that when covid_19
   outbreaks occur , the material flow of each main enterprise in the
   closed_loop supply chain is more easily influenced than the capital flow .
   at the same time , it can be found that the recyclers in the main
   enterprises of the closed_loop supply chain are more easily influenced by
   the material flow . the model constructed in this paper has applicability
   and can be used for related studies of closed_loop supply chain under other
   emergencies , but the scene design should be carried out according to the
   characteristics of emergencies themselves . 2021 production engineering
   institute . all rights reserved .
DE capital flow; closed-loop supply chain; covid-19 epidemic; material flow;
   material-capital flows coupling; simulation; supply chain; system dynamics;
   vensim simulation software

---

UT 468
AR So NV, 2023, VIETNAM J SCI TECHNOL, V61, P1038, DOI 10.15625/2525-2518/16746
TI Modelling carbon dioxide gas emission from Notopterus chitala fish ponds by
   stella software
AU So NV; Tuan LA
TC 0
SO VIETNAM J SCI TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB the rapid development of the areas of notopterus chitala fish ponds in hau
   giang province in recent years has raised a question about greenhouse gas
   emissions , in the form of total carbon dioxide equivalents ( co2e ) . there
   are many parameters that affect greenhouse gas emissions in a fish pond ,
   such as amount of feed , dissolved oxygen ( do ) , chemical oxygen demand (
   cod ) in the water , ph , water temperature , windy velocity and sunlight
   reaching the pond surface . in this study , a system thinking , experimental
   learning laboratory with animation , shortly called as stella is applied as
   a visual programming language for system dynamics modeling in order to find
   the relationship between simulated co2 and measured co2 in notopterus
   chitala fish pond . three ponds were used for measuring average ph ,
   temperature , feeds , do , cod and phytoplankton inside the ponds while
   windy speed and light intensity data were collected from a weather station
   nearby . the results of model calibration and validation showed that the
   stella 8.0 can be used as predictable tool for the change in time of co2
   emission during 240 days of fishing . model can help fishing farmers to
   adjust the quantity of feeds and control the water quality in their
   notopterus chitala fish ponds to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
   appropriately . 2023 , publishing house of natural science and technology ,
   vast . all rights reserved .
DE carbon dioxide; greenhouse gas emission; notopterus chitala fish ponds;
   stella model; water quality

---

UT 469
AR Chen W/1, 2021, SUSTAIN, V13, DOI 10.3390/su13158546
TI What causes waterlogging?—Explore the urban waterlogging control scheme
   through system dynamics simulation
AU Chen W/1; Dong J; Yan C; Dong H/1; Liu P
TC 17
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2021
AB it is a common phenomenon in cities that waterlogging affects people ' s
   normal life . it is of great significance for targeted transformation and
   upgrading to identify the risk factors of urban waterlogging . this paper
   collected the waterlogging data of tianjin in china , analyzed the coupling
   mechanism among waterlogging risk factors of urban drainage systems , and
   then selected the system dynamics theory and the vensim software as the
   analysis tools due to the mixing characteristic and the limited availability
   of data . after that , the sensitive factors were identified by model
   simulation and sensitivity analysis , and the prominent impact of urban
   expansion on waterlogging risk was discussed . then , through the comparison
   of the three simulation scenarios , it was found that , compared with the
   urban development focus shifting strategy , the strategies of sponge city
   reconstruction and management optimization could achieve the risk control
   goal within a shorter time . on this basis , two kinds of governance schemes
   with strong operability were put forward , which were the data governance
   strategy and the sponge city reconstruction strategy of giving priority to
   old urban areas . according to the simulation results , a city can reverse
   the increasing trend of waterlogging risk within ten years under the
   appropriate scheme . furthermore , the paper puts forward the strategic
   reimagining of the rural revitalization strategy and the ecological
   restoration strategy for the long_term sustainable development
   transformation of tianjin . 2021 by the authors . licensee mdpi , basel ,
   switzerland .
DE risk factors coupling; sponge city; sustainable development; urban
   expansion; waterlogging control
ID china; tianjin; porifera; governance approach; optimization; risk factor;
   simulation; strategic approach; sustainable development; urban area; urban
   development; urban drainage; waterlogging

---

UT 470
AR Zhang C/2, 2022, INT J TECHNOL WEB ENG, V17, DOI 10.4018/IJITWE.314569
TI Autocorrelation Regression Model Analysis and Selection of Cross-Border RMB
   Settlement From 2011 to 2020
AU Zhang C/2; Hu N/2; Yan Q
TC 0
SO INT J TECHNOL WEB ENG
PY 2022
AB with china ' s continuous opening to the outside world , changes in the
   international environment and the operation of the cross_border rmb
   settlement system ( cips ) , the scale of cross_border rmb settlement has
   fluctuated continuously . in response to this phenomenon , the authors
   collected and sorted out the total amount of rmb cross_border settlement and
   payments from 2011 to 2020 time sequence data in china , then use five ar
   models including arma , garch ( 1.1 ) , egarch ( 1.1 ) , parch ( 1.1 ) , and
   carch ( 1.1 ) to fit . the experimental results show that the four
   autocorrelation models all prove that the cross_border rmb settlement has
   autocorrelation relationship , and the long_term trend continues to grow up
   . according to the precision and accuracy of the five models , the arma
   model equation is one optimal prediction equation . on the basis of the arma
   model equation , and the establishment of the vensim system dynamics
   simulation model , the scale of china ' s cross_border rmb settlement in the
   next 10 years is predicted . 2022 igi global . all rights reserved .
DE autocorrelation regression model; cross-border rmb; simulation prediction
ID random processes; regression analysis; arma model; auto correlation;
   autocorrelation regression model; cross-border; cross-border rmb; model
   selection; modeling analyzes; modeling equations; regression modeling;
   simulation prediction; autocorrelation

---

UT 471
AR Jin S-Y, 2024, J KNOWL ECON, V15, P6111, DOI 10.1007/s13132-023-01368-9
TI Knowledge Transfer of China’s HSR Standards “Going Global” Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Jin S-Y; Chai H; Lee C-C
TC 1
SO J KNOWL ECON
PY 2024
AB under ' ' the belt and road ' ' initiative , the international recognition
   of china ' s high_speed railway ( hereafter , hsr ) standards is gradually
   improving along with china ' s hsr ' ' going global . ' ' however , the ' '
   going global ' ' process of china ' s hsr standards still faces obstacles .
   therefore , how to promote the ' ' going global ' ' of china ' s hsr
   standards has become an important research topic . ' ' going global ' ' of
   china ' s hsr standards is essentially a process of knowledge transfer
   related to hsr standards . in this study , knowledge transfer theory was
   used to identify factors related to the knowledge transfer of china ' s hsr
   standards ' ' going global . ' ' furthermore , a causal loop diagram and
   stock_and_flow diagram were designed using the system dynamics ( hereafter ,
   sd ) method . variable equations were constructed to quantitatively describe
   the dynamic relationship between the relevant factors . subsequently , we
   used vensim software to verify the validity of the constructed sd model and
   conducted a simulation analysis on this sd model . finally , conclusions
   were drawn on the influence of different factors on the knowledge transfer
   performance of china ' s hsr standards ' ' going global . ' ' among them ,
   knowledge transfer capacity of china ' s hsr enterprises , accepting
   willingness and absorptive capacity of hsr importing countries , the trust
   between two parties , and china ' s manufacturing gvc status index all have
   a positive impact on the knowledge transfer performance of china ' s hsr
   standards ' ' going global . ' ' the recessive , complexity , and
   specificity of hsr standards , the cultural distance and institutional
   distance between china ' s hsr enterprises and hsr importing countries , and
   the competitor pressure faced by china ' s hsr enterprises all have a
   negative impact on the knowledge transfer performance of china ' s hsr
   standards ' ' going global . ' ' and the corresponding suggestions were put
   forward to promote the sustainable export of china ' s hsr standards . the
   author ( s ) , under exclusive license to springer science+business media ,
   llc , part of springer nature 2023 .
DE chinas hsr standards; knowledge transfer; system dynamics; win-win
   cooperation; the belt and road initiative

---

UT 472
AR Lou W, 2023, J MOD, V44, P15, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1008-0821.2023.09.002
TI Mechanism Analysis on Terminology Movement in Scholarly Communication;
   [专业术语在科学交流中的运动机制研究]
AU Lou W; Zhang L; Zhang Y/1
TC 0
SO J MOD
PY 2023
AB [ purpose / significance ] terminology serves as important media in
   scientific communication , helping scientists reach a consensus on the same
   concepts . in_depth study of the movement mechanism of terminology in
   scientific communication is helpful to reveal the stage characteristics of
   scientific development , and it is of great significance to guide scientific
   development rationally . [ method / process ] through theoretical research
   and descriptive statistical analysis of practical disciplines , the key
   elements of the movement of terminology were summarized and their movement
   model was designed . control variables were simulated by vensim to observe
   the movement mechanism of terminology . [ result / conclusion ] the
   development of terminology usually has three stages : reserve terms ,
   standardization of terms and promotion of scientific exchange environment .
   in addition , it is greatly influenced by the structure of terms and the
   interaction between terms . therefore , we should pay attention to the
   monitoring of terminology movement , provide appropriate development
   guidance for terminology in time , accelerate the process of terminology
   integration and the formation of scientific communication context , promote
   the steady progress of scientific communication , and promote the
   development of science . 2019 journal of modern information . all rights
   reserved .
DE scientific communication; system dynamics; terminology; terms

---

UT 473
AR Lutete P, 2022, J PUBLIC HEAL, V112, PS444, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.2022.306725
TI Intersectional Stigma and Prevention among Gay, Bisexual, and Same
   Gender–Loving Men in New York City, 2020: System Dynamics Models
AU Lutete P; Matthews DW; Sabounchi NS; Paige MQ; Lounsbury DW; Rodriguez N;
   Echevarria N; Usher D; Walker JJ; Dickerson A; Hillesheim J; Frye V
TC 14
SO J PUBLIC HEAL
PY 2022
AB objectives . to create causal loop diagrams that characterize intersectional
   stigma experiences among black , gay , bisexual , same genderloving , and
   other men who have sex with men and to identify intervention targets to
   reduce stigma and increase testing and prevention access . methods . between
   january and july 2020 , we conducted focus groups and in_depth interviews
   with 80 expert informants in new york city , which were transcribed , coded
   , and analyzed . these qualitative insights were developed iteratively ,
   visualized , and validated in a causal loop diagram ( cld ) using vensim
   software . results . the cld revealed 3 key feedback loops_medical mistrust
   and hiv transmission , serosorting and marginalization of black and gay
   individuals , and family support and internalized homophobia_that contribute
   to intersectional hiv and related stigmas , homophobia , and systemic racism
   . on the basis of these results , we designed 2 novel intervention
   components to integrate into an existing community_level anti_hiv stigma and
   homophobia intervention . conclusions . hiv stigma , systemic racism , and
   homophobia work via feedback loops to reduce access to and uptake of hiv
   testing , prevention , and treatment . 2022 american public health
   association inc . . all rights reserved .
ID hiv infections; hiv serosorting; homosexuality male; humans; male; new york
   city; sexual and gender minorities; trust; hiv serosorting; human; human
   immunodeficiency virus infection; male; male homosexuality; new york; sexual
   and gender minority; trust

---

UT 474
AR Rodrigues GO, 2021, INT J INNOV SUSTAIN DEV, V15, P305, DOI
   10.1504/IJISD.2021.115973
TI System dynamics to assess the financial impact through the use of recycled
   kitchen oil in solid waste collection vehicles
AU Rodrigues GO; Simonetto EDO; Arenhardt DL
TC 0
SO INT J INNOV SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2021
AB this paper aims to understand , develop and execute computational models to
   analyze the cost benefit of the use of different percentages of biodiesel in
   urban solid waste collection and to verify the biodiesel production
   viability by organizations . for the models ' development , the system
   dynamics method was used . mathematically , system dynamics model is a
   system of linear equations . through vensim software , it was possible to
   develop , document , simulate , and analyze the models , noting the
   financial impact caused by waste collection in seven municipalities in
   southern brazil . for the modeling , nine scenarios were developed and
   divided into 3 groups : simulation with different percentages of biodiesel ,
   simulation using biobot 20 processor , and simulation through a plant
   construction by the company . as a result , it was found that , in the long
   term , the best scenario for the company analyzed is the use of biobot 20
   processor with 15 % biodiesel percentage , followed by the construction of
   its own plant , also using 15 % biodiesel . results were satisfactory and
   met the designers ' expectations . copyright 2021 inderscience enterprises
   ltd .
DE biodiesel; complex systems; computational modeling; sustainability; systems
   dynamics; vensim
ID biodiesel; cost benefit analysis; oils and fats; system theory; biodiesel
   production; computational model; financial impacts; plant construction;
   solid waste collection; system dynamics model; system of linear equations;
   waste collection; solid wastes

---

UT 475
AR Liu H/3, 2021, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V28, P681, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-01-2020-0077
TI A system dynamic approach for simulation of a knowledge transfer model of
   heterogeneous senders in mega project innovation
AU Liu H/3; Yu Y; Sun Y; Yan X/1
TC 41
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2021
AB purpose : the owners of mega projects typically assemble multiple academic
   research units and enterprises to form an innovation alliance , which
   carries out knowledge transfer and knowledge creation targeting technical
   challenges in the process of engineering construction . due to high
   technical and management complexity of mega projects , factors affecting
   knowledge transfer among innovation subjects are complex and diverse . this
   study proposes a mixed system dynamics ( sd ) method to build and simulate
   the process of knowledge transfer in mega projects innovation and analyzes
   the driving mechanism that enhances knowledge stock of enterprises and
   engineering innovation results . design / methodology / approach : first ,
   this paper proposes a conceptual model for knowledge transfer in mega
   projects by adopting event analysis of the data gained from investigations
   and interviews . then , a qualitative model of knowledge transfer that
   considers mutual influences of the owner , academic research unit and
   enterprises is developed . based on that , mathematical relationship among
   variables of the qualitative model is determined and a quantitative model of
   knowledge transfer that considers heterogeneity of knowledge sender is built
   . finally , simulation is achieved using vensim software . findings : the
   factors affecting knowledge stock of enterprises are analyzed from three
   aspects : ( 1 ) the individual motives and capability of academic research
   units and enterprises . ( 2 ) the gap between academic research units and
   enterprises . ( 3 ) the heterogeneity of academic research units . the
   results show that the willingness and capability of knowledge reception by
   enterprises , specific knowledge transfer context such as relational
   distance and organization distance between academic research units and
   enterprises and academic research units with high knowledge stock have key
   influences on the knowledge stock of enterprises . research limitations /
   implications : factors affecting knowledge transfer within the alliance of
   innovation in mega projects and their correlations are highly complicated
   and difficult to determine . despite massive investigations and interviews
   on many long_span bridges in china in this study , it is barely possible to
   directly obtain accurate data for all variables in the model . limitations
   of historical data result in limitations on applications of the proposed
   model . practical implications : by building the mega projects knowledge
   transfer model and conducting simulation analysis , this paper has generated
   practical values for the owners of mega projects on fostering , organizing ,
   coordinating and managing of innovations . especially , this study provides
   specific strategies and suggestions on selection of innovation subjects ,
   motivation and guaranteed efficiency of knowledge transfer and knowledge
   creation of academic research units and enterprises . originality / value :
   this study proposes a conceptual model for factors affecting knowledge
   transfer that applies to innovations in mega project context , which fills
   the gap in the research of knowledge management in mega project innovations
   . additionally , combining with the method of sd , the unique role of owner
   in knowledge transfer of mega projects and the differences among various
   knowledge senders and their influences on knowledge stocks of enterprises
   are thoroughly considered , and the research method of modeling and
   simulation of knowledge transfer mechanism is supplemented and extended .
   2020 , emerald publishing limited .
DE driving mechanism; influencing factors; innovations in mega projects;
   knowledge transfers; partner heterogeneity; system dynamics
ID computer software; academic research unit; design/methodology/approach;
   engineering constructions; engineering innovations; knowledge transfer
   model; management complexity; mathematical relationship; quantitative
   modeling; knowledge management

---

UT 476
AR Blumberga A, 2024, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V41, P876, DOI 10.1002/sres.3074
TI Using an interactive simulation tool of national energy and climate policy
   planning to explore environmental policy options from the perspectives of
   different interest groups
AU Blumberga A
TC 3
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2024
AB to reach the paris agreement goals , european governments have defined
   national contributions to the eu binding climate goals and have developed
   national climate and energy plans for 20212030 ( necps ) . necps are
   detailed strategies in which governments can flexibly emphasize specific
   sectors , technologies and national energy policy choices . every country
   has built its own energy modeling capacity for forecasting purposes . in
   most countries , this national modeling relies on optimization tools such as
   markal or times . for latvia ' s energy sector , a system dynamics ( sd )
   model was built to complement the times model . the sd model deals with an
   integrated energy system , including the primary energy supply and
   transformation sector . energy distribution and storage system . and energy
   demand sectors ( residential , tertiary , public , industry and
   transportation ) . sectoral policies are presented in the stella architect
   interface . this study demonstrates how the interactive simulation tool was
   used in the environmental engineering master level course ' environmental
   policy and economics ' as an experiential learning approach . the student
   assignment involved applying this tool to develop and analyze the energy
   transition policy package for one of four ideological interest groups : deep
   greens , bright greens , light greens and grays . students had to assume a
   role and adopt its perspective by applying their border_crossing competence
   and reflecting on selected policy mixes for that ideology . various
   transition pathways , based on different ideologies , illustrate the
   possibilities for application . results show that students were successful
   in fulfilling the assignment . 2024 the author ( s ) . systems research and
   behavioral science published by international federation for systems
   research and john wiley and sons ltd .
DE energy and climate policy; interactive simulation tool; system dynamics
ID energy and climate policies; environmental policy; interactive simulation
   tool; interactive simulations; interest groups; national energy policy;
   policy options; policy planning; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling;
   clean energy

---

UT 477
AR Yang Q/1, 2021, PROC IEEE INT CONF CIV AVIAT SAF TECHNOL ICCASIT, P614, DOI
   10.1109/ICCASIT53235.2021.9633389
TI Information System Computer Dynamics Simulation of the Water Traffic
   Emergency Rescue by Vensim Software
AU Yang Q/1; Li M/1
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF CIV AVIAT SAF TECHNOL ICCASIT
PY 2021
AB with the increasing frequency of water traffic , the occurrence frequency of
   water traffic crisis is also increasing , and the emergency rescue work has
   been paid more and more attention . in this paper , based on the dynamic
   rescue process and static influencing factors of water traffic emergency
   rescue , the system dynamics ( sd ) method is used to construct the water
   traffic emergency rescue system model . through literature review and field
   research , the dynamic rescue process mainly includes risk situation
   confirmation , emergency response , rescue operations and emergency
   aftermath . static influencing factors mainly include emergency response
   system , emergency legal system , plan construction , favorable environment
   , personnel quality , and emergency resources . the size of model parameters
   is determined by practical cases and the model is verified by vensim
   software . simulation results show that : the emergency rescue system model
   based on the system dynamics can reveal the water traffic emergency rescue
   process and show the changing trend of the rescue level over time . 2021
   ieee
DE dynamic rescue process; static impact factors; system dynamics; water
   traffic crisis events
ID computer software; emergency services; crisis events; dynamic rescue
   process; emergency rescue; impact factor; rescue process; rescue systems;
   static impact factor; system models; vensim softwares; water traffic crisis
   event; system theory

---

UT 478
AR Concepcion A, 2023, ASEAN ENG J, V13, P69, DOI 10.11113/aej.V13.19251
TI MODELING THE SPREAD OF FAKE NEWS ON SOCIAL NETWORKING SITES USING THE SYSTEM
   DYNAMICS APPROACH
AU Concepcion A; Sy C
TC 4
SO ASEAN ENG J
PY 2023
AB the problem of false news online has continued to worsen , especially after
   witnessing significant events around the world unfold , such as the 2018
   cambridge analytica scandal , covid_19 pandemic , to the 2021 january 6th
   insurrection at the us capitol . false information online has distorted
   online users ' perception of the real world . as daily life is more
   intertwined with the digital world , false news becomes a more urgent
   concern because of the way it can shape public opinion . this study presents
   a rumor propagation model , which was based on epidemiological models , to
   address the spread of false news on social networking sites . the existing
   model was expanded on the stella software to consider the cognitive process
   of users when encountering false news , the platform in which the false news
   spreads , and the relationship of false news with online users . simulations
   showed that confirmation bias , sharing of posts , and algorithmic ranking
   were the three critical variables of the model . it was found that possible
   interventions include a mix of reducing the bias of users at a wide_scale
   level and restructuring the sns algorithm . 2023 penerbit utm press . all
   rights reserved .
DE disinformation; fake news; simulation; social media; system dynamics

---

UT 479
AR He Q, 2023, ENV SCI, V11, DOI 10.3389/fenvs.2023.1149661
TI Study on micro-mechanism of the affordable housing community in urban
   renewal the case of Zunyi city, Guizhou province
AU He Q; Yang J/2; Gong L
TC 1
SO ENV SCI
PY 2023
AB introduction : affordable housing in china refers to housing with social
   security for low and middle income people under the unified planning and
   coordination of the government . in the process of urbanization , the
   construction of affordable housing and commercial housing should be
   developed in parallel , but under the role of the real estate market economy
   , the development of the two is unbalanced , resulting in a disparity in
   quantity , a large gap in quality , unreasonable management , and even
   residential segregation . the construction and development of china ' s
   affordable housing community is a huge and complex systemic project . this
   study focuses on a series of problems in the relationship between supply and
   demand of affordable housing based only on the development context of urban
   renewal at this stage . methods : based on existing literature and official
   data , combined with field visits and research , this study uses vensim ple
   software to build a system model for converting various types of stock into
   affordable housing , and to investigate the effect of various policies on
   solving the problem of supply and demand of affordable housing . results :
   the research results show that 1 ) the policies stimulate the increase of
   urban population and help promote the supply cycle of affordable housing . 2
   ) under the stimulation of the supply policy of converting stock housing
   into affordable housing , social investment will improve by 33 % 64 % and
   the gap of affordable housing will decrease by 29 % 58 % . 3 ) under the
   stimulation of the policy of optimizing the management of affordable housing
   , the coverage rate of affordable population will improve by 3 % 5 % and the
   middle and low income households ' per capita housing floor area will
   increase by 9 % 18 % l . 4 ) under the comprehensive influence of the
   combined policies , the urban population will grow healthily , the per
   capita income and per capita housing floor area of low_and middle_income
   people will be improved , the stock of housing will be reduced , the number
   of affordable housing will increase , the affordable housing gap will be
   reduced , and the affordable housing community will be developed sustainably
   and healthily . meaning : the research results and recommendations will
   provide references for the government and competent authorities to enact or
   update the policies on affordable housing . copyright 2023 he , yang and
   gong .
DE affordable housing community; micro-mechanism; sustainable development;
   system dynamics; urban renewal

---

UT 480
AR [Anonymous], 2022, STUD THEORY APPL, V45, P128, DOI
   10.16353/j.cnki.1000-7490.2022.12.017
TI Research on System Dynamics Simulation of Science and Technology Think Tank
   Intelligence Service Mechanism Based on Big Data Thinking;
   [基于大数据思维的科技智库情报服务机制系统动力学仿真研究]
TC 5
SO STUD THEORY APPL
PY 2022
AB [ purpose/ significance ] the science and technology think tank intelligence
   service is the key link between think tank users and intelligence products .
   it is of great significance for improving the competitiveness of science and
   technology think tanks on the basis of big data thinking and the innovation
   of think tank intelligence service mode . [ method/ process ] in this paper
   , a model of intelligence service mechanism of science and technology think
   tanks based on big data thinking is proposed , based on which , a system
   dynamics model is applied , and vensim ple software is used for simulation
   operation and sensitivity analysis . [ result/ conclusion ] the proposed
   system dynamics model can better reflect the actual situation of science and
   technology think tank intelligence service under the guidance of big data
   thinking , and reveal the system structure and dynamic evolution law of
   think tank intelligence service mechanism , which is helpful for the
   construction of science and technology think tank intelligence service , and
   providing method reference and theoretical guidance . 2022 information
   studies : theory and application . all rights reserved .
DE big data thinking; science and technology think tank; simulation; system
   dynamics; think tank intelligence service

---

UT 481
AR Xu L/1, 2021, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P49, DOI 10.1145/3503491.3503499
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Simulation Analysis on Airport Competitiveness
AU Xu L/1; Yao H/1; Liu X/6; Zhang Q
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2021
AB this paper uses the system dynamics to divide the system dynamics model of
   airport competitiveness into competitive strength , competitive potential ,
   environment and policy subsystems , and uses vensim software to draw the
   causality diagram and stock flow chart . this paper takes guangzhou baiyun
   international airport as an example to simulate the development trend of the
   airport competitiveness from 2021 to 2030 . the results show that the
   improvement of competitive environment has the most significant impact on
   the comprehensive competitiveness , the second is competitive strength , the
   third is competitive potential . finally , according to the scenario
   simulation analysis , managerial suggestions are put forward for the
   improvement of the airport comprehensive competitiveness . 2021 acm .
DE airport competitiveness; guangzhou baiyun international airport; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID airports; system theory; airport competitiveness; comprehensive
   competitiveness; dynamic model analysis; dynamic simulation analysis;
   guangzhou; guangzhou baiyun international airport; international airport;
   system dynamics; system dynamics modeling and simulations; vensim;
   competition

---

UT 482
AR Nozari H, 2021, J HYDROINFORMATICS, V23, P211, DOI 10.2166/HYDRO.2020.294
TI Simulation and optimization of control system operation and surface water
   allocation based on system dynamics modeling
AU Nozari H; Moradi P; Godarzi E
TC 13
SO J HYDROINFORMATICS
PY 2021
AB in the present study , the performance of dez reservoir , its regulatory and
   downstream diversion dams are studied using the system dynamics method ( sd
   ) in the vensim software . in the first step , all the effective parameters
   with their relationship were identified and then the simulation was carried
   out considering the minimum and maximum reservoir volume and downstream
   demand over an eight_year period ( 2006 2013 ) . after model validation ,
   the statistical indices of correlation coefficient ( r2 ) , root mean square
   error ( rmse ) , and standard error ( se ) for the reservoir volume were
   calculated as 0.99 , 3.1690 , and 0.18 , respectively . the statistical
   indices for the regulatory dam were 0.98 , 7.51 , and 0.13 , respectively .
   these statistical indices were 0.92 , 4.71 , and 0.37 for the diversion dam
   . the achieved results showed that the sd_simulated releases met downstream
   demands and the sd method has high accuracy in simulating the performance of
   the surface tank system . moreover , for a better evaluation of the results
   of the sd model , the eight_year dez dam releases were optimized using the
   particle swarm optimization ( pso ) algorithm , and the required deficiency
   values were evaluated in both sd and pso models . results showed that sd
   provides more appropriate planning in meeting the downstream demands than
   pso . 2021 iwa publishing . all rights reserved .
DE dez diversion dam; optimization; regulatory dam; simulation; system
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 483
AR Rajaei A, 2023, SMART GRID CONF SGC, DOI 10.1109/SGC61621.2023.10459302
TI An Energy Efficiency Model for Energy Management of a Smart Building Based
   on System Dynamics Approach
AU Rajaei A; Gholipour F; Abdollahi A; Rashidinejad M
TC 2
SO SMART GRID CONF SGC
PY 2023
AB enhancing building energy efficiency represents a key avenue for diminishing
   energy consumption while upholding service quality and energy accessibility
   levels . the energy efficiency of a building hinges upon factors such as
   lighting technology , the effectiveness of household appliances , the
   efficiency of the hvac ( heating , ventilation , and air conditioning )
   system , and the integration of renewable energy sources . this research
   endeavors to construct a model for evaluating the energy efficiency of an
   intelligent building , incorporating both electrical and thermal
   photovoltaic systems to fulfill a portion of the building ' s energy
   requirements . additionally , a variety of consumption technologies have
   been employed , alongside meticulous building orientation , to implement a
   natural lighting strategy . to commence , meteorological data is collected
   and the photovoltaic system ' s output is computed using the sam ( system
   advisor model ) software . subsequently , a system dynamics approach is
   adopted to simulate the proposed model through the use of vensim software .
   the energy efficiency is optimized by cplex solver in gams software . the
   outcomes indicate a noteworthy increase in energy efficiency following the
   implementation of energy efficiency initiatives , such as the adoption of
   energy_saving lightbulbs and high_efficiency household appliances . 2023
   ieee .
DE energy efficiency; energy-saving technologies; renewable energies; smart
   building; system dynamics approach
ID air conditioning; domestic appliances; energy utilization; intelligent
   buildings; lighting; meteorology; renewable energy; system theory; building
   energy efficiency; efficiency models; energy; energy-savings technologies;
   energy consumption; lighting technology; photovoltaic systems; renewable
   energies; service quality; system dynamics approach; energy efficiency

---

UT 484
AR Zhou R, 2023, ADV AERONAUT SCI ENG, V14, P124, DOI
   10.16615/j.cnki.1674-8190.2023.04.14
TI Study on maintenance，repair and operation strategy of aeroengine enterprise
   in specific scenarios; [特 定 情 景 下 的 航 空 发 动 机 企 业 维 修 保 障 策 略 研 究]
AU Zhou R; Peng S; Li Y/5; Wang X/7; Wu B; Liu X/1; Lei T
TC 0
SO ADV AERONAUT SCI ENG
PY 2023
AB there are numerous factors influencing aeroengine maintenance , repair and
   operation ( mro ) quality and cost , where their relationship is complicated
   , and the research focused on maintenance optimization under specific
   scenarios of aeroengine maintenance enterprises is quite limited . in order
   to clarify the relationship between the factors affecting maintenance
   guarantee process , the mro process is systematically modeled , including
   main body of procedure , flight time statistics , human resources ,
   performance evaluation and maintenance cost . two practical application
   scenarios of enterprise including human resource quality control and
   performance oriented are investigated by using the principle of system
   dynamics and gray wolf optimization algorithm assisted by vensim and mat_lab
   , which reveals the importance of human resource quality , employee
   satisfaction and planned maintenance . in consideration of the actual impact
   of various factors on aeroengine maintenance , the established model and
   obtained optimal maintenance process strategy is feasible and effective .
   2023 editorial department of advances in aeronautical science and
   engineering . all rights reserved .
DE equipment performance; gray wolf optimization algorithm; human resource
   quality; maintenance; operation strategy; repair; system dynamics model

---

UT 485
AR Lv F, 2024, ENV SCI, V12, DOI 10.3389/fenvs.2024.1400717
TI Simulating the effect of haze management using system dynamics: a case study
   of Beijing
AU Lv F; Lu Y/3; Tang H
TC 3
SO ENV SCI
PY 2024
AB haze is a pollution phenomenon that has become increasingly frequent in
   recent years , primarily composed of so2 , nox , and particulate matter .
   since the ' ' pm2.5 crisis ' ' in 2013 , the beijing_tianjin_hebei region
   has been plagued by haze . after a series of high_intensity management
   activities , the air quality in beijing has continued to improve . to
   investigate the effectiveness of the haze control measures in beijing , a
   dynamic management model was constructed using the system dynamics approach
   and implemented using stella software . the model is simulated and evaluated
   the contribution to different governance strategies ( increasing investment
   in science and technology innovation , reducing motor vehicle ownership ,
   reducing coal consumption , and a combination policy ) to reduce haze in
   beijing from 2010 to 2025 . the validity and robustness of the model were
   verified through model testing and validation . the simulation results
   showed that : ( 1 ) the combination policy has the most significant effect
   on reducing energy consumption and pollution emissions , which would reduce
   energy consumption by 38.93 million tons and pollution emissions by 128.33
   thousand tons in 2025 , ( 2 ) among the single treatment measures , reducing
   industrial coal consumption is the most effective measure to reducing haze ,
   ( 3 ) it is necessary to strengthen the joint prevention and control of the
   beijing_tianjin_hebei region in the future to promote the sustainable
   development of the regional environment . copyright 2024 lv , lu and tang .
DE combination policy; governance effect; haze management; sustainable
   development; system dynamics model

---

UT 486
AR Martínez-Valderrama J, 2023, METHODSX, V10, DOI 10.1016/j.mex.2023.102044
TI Implementing climate change projections in System Dynamics models
AU Martínez-Valderrama J; Ibáñez J
TC 5
SO METHODSX
PY 2023
AB desertification is the degradation of drylands , which occupy an increasing
   proportion of the earth ' s surface due to global warming . it is currently
   the most extensive biome on earth , occupying 45 % and one out of every
   three inhabitants of the planet live in them . one of the most effective
   ways to face desertification , as land degradation neutrality points out ,
   is prevention . for this purpose , simulation models are very useful tools .
   specifically , system dynamics models are particularly effective , since
   they allow bringing together the biophysical and socioeconomic variables
   involved in the formation of the problem . these integrative models ,
   coupled with other tools such as sensitivity analyzes , are used to generate
   desertification early warning indicators . the objective of this programming
   routine is to implement climate change scenarios in these simulation models
   . the script presented here was used to evaluate the sensitivity of dehesa
   rangelands productivity to the increase in the frequency and intensity of
   droughts due to climate change . integrated simulation models are useful
   tools to understand complex socioecosystems . land_use changes foster the
   alteration of key hydro_bio_geochemical processes . by means of automated
   import processes and data analysis programming , it is possible to implement
   desertification early warning systems . 2023 the author ( s )
DE aemet; anova; desertification; droughts; sensitivity analysis; vensim
ID analysis of variance; article; climate change; data analysis;
   desertification; drought; land use; productivity; rangeland; sensitivity
   analysis; simulation

---

UT 487
AR Prieto-Medrano CG, 2024, PROC INT ANNU CONF ANNU MEET ENG MANAG RID WAVES
   SMART SYST ASEM, P99
TI A GENERALIZED, INDUCED PROTOCOL FOR SYSTEM DYNAMICS MODEL REPLICATION IN AN
   ALTERNATIVE SOFTWARE
AU Prieto-Medrano CG; Elizondo-Noriega A/1; Tiruvengadam N; Güemes-Castorena D
TC 0
SO PROC INT ANNU CONF ANNU MEET ENG MANAG RID WAVES SMART SYST ASEM
PY 2024
AB the ability to simulate is influenced considerably by the software
   technology available to the modeler . the access , availability , and use of
   simulation software are , in turn , affected by cost considerations ,
   geographical constraints of access owing to the location of modelers ,
   multilingual capabilities of the software , and compatibility of simulation
   software with local technology infrastructure , among other factors . given
   that new knowledge can only be built upon existing knowledge , the
   replicability of existing models is of paramount importance . in addition ,
   the ability to replicate needs to be independent of the availability of the
   software technology used to build the original model . in our endeavor to
   replicate a model in different software , we have induced a generic protocol
   that modelers can use to guide them in a similar endeavor concerning system
   dynamics simulation . copyright american society for engineering management
   , 2024 .
DE model replication; protocol; simulink; system dynamics; vensim
ID multiprocessing programs; costs consideration; local technologies; model
   replication; multilingual capability; simulation software; simulink;
   software technology; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; vensim;
   system theory

---

UT 488
AR Goudarzi Z, 2024, DARU J PHARM SCI, V32, P25, DOI 10.1007/s40199-023-00483-x
TI Towards greater impact in health technology assessment: System dynamic
   approach for new and emerging technologies in Iran
AU Goudarzi Z; Marzaleh MA; Nikfar S; Kebriaeezadeh A; Zenouz RY; Abdollahiasl
   A; Nouhi M
TC 1
SO DARU J PHARM SCI
PY 2024
AB purpose : as classical health technology assessment models fail to predict
   the complexities of related impacts , the application of modeling techniques
   such as systems dynamics simulation ( sd ) is essential . this study aimed
   to develop an sd model to predict the outcomes of access to a new medicine
   in iran . methods : this study extracted the important and influential
   variables in providing access to new pharmaceutical technologies by
   comprehensively reviewing previous research and combining the technical
   knowledge of experts in this field . the variables were incorporated into
   the systems thinking framework and modeled using dynamic systems tools ,
   followed by simulation and testing in vensim . the model was piloted for
   deferoxamine and deferasirox in thalassemia . various tests were used to
   evaluate the validity and reliability of the model . the model was designed
   for a ten_year horizon ( 20182028 ) for medicines selected as the pilot .
   results : the variables extracted from the panel of experts encompassed the
   primary and short_term impacts of access to newly emerged medicine and
   long_term impacts regarding the economy , health , and society . after
   modeling , the leverage points presented for the problem with the greatest
   impact or effectiveness in access to new medicine included the policy
   determining the amount of medicine supply , the import and production of
   medicine , the prevalence and incidence of disease , insurance coverage ,
   and treatment adherence . conclusion : the sd models allow the researchers
   to evaluate the efficiency and health outcomes of a new pharmaceutical more
   precisely in the health system in iran . graphical abstract : ( figure
   presented . ) the author ( s ) , under exclusive license to tehran
   university of medical sciences 2023 .
DE dynamic modeling; health technology assessment; horizon scanning; new
   medicine
ID humans; iran; technology assessment biomedical; deferasirox; deferoxamine;
   article; biomedical technology assessment; economic aspect; health care
   access; health insurance; human; iran; life expectancy; morbidity; outcome
   assessment; patient compliance; prevalence; quality of life; reliability;
   simulation; thalassemia; validity

---

UT 489
AR Afanin SS, 2022, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V972, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/972/1/012081
TI System Dynamics Modelling in Determining Scenario of Oil Distribution
   Balikpapan - Samarinda
AU Afanin SS; Handani DW; Pratiwi E; Ariana IM
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2022
AB east kalimantan will be designated as the ibu kota negara ( ikn ) of
   indonesia . energy consumption is predicted to increase , but based on badan
   perencanaan pembangunan nasional ( bappenas ) , fuel consumption will slowly
   be converted to gas . previously , the process of fulfilling fuel needs in
   east kalimantan was fulfilled using tankers , but with the issue of ikn ,
   the government will build oil pipe balikpapan_samarinda that distribute fuel
   from tbbm tanjung batu to tbbm samarinda and tbbm palaran this research is
   for determine which scenario are efficient to distribute the fuel using
   forecasting methods with trend analysis , exponential smoothing , and moving
   average , while powersim studio 8 software is used for system dynamics
   modeling . with the help of this application , 6 alternative scenarios are
   made based on the tank capacity of each tbbm to find out the least amount of
   pigging . from the simulation , it was found that the second alternative is
   the most efficient for the process of distributing fuel . where the results
   of the simulation process obtained pigging of 58 times / year with the
   capacity of gasoil tbbm palaran 10000 kl , gasoil tbbm samarinda 12306 kl
   and the gasoline is 14562 kl . published under license by iop publishing ltd
   .

---

UT 490
AR Li F, 2022, ARAB J SCI ENG, V47, P3945, DOI 10.1007/s13369-021-06264-5
TI Evolutionary Game Analysis of Information Sharing Among Closed-loop Supply
   Chain Members in Cloud Environment
AU Li F; Qian X; Kong J; Luo Z
TC 21
SO ARAB J SCI ENG
PY 2022
AB the problem of information asymmetry has become the main reason for the
   inefficiency of the closed_loop supply chain ( clsc ) . this article is
   based on the idea of cloud manufacturing and provides a framework for
   information exchange and sharing between various entities in the form of
   distributed networking . with the participation of the government , the
   research on the information_sharing enthusiasm of remanufacturers and
   recyclers in clsc and its influencing factors is combined with evolutionary
   game theory and system dynamics . under the premise of bounded rationality ,
   a tripartite evolutionary game model is constructed , and equilibrium
   analysis is carried out . on this basis , based on the principles of system
   dynamics , vensim is used to simulate the evolutionary game process
   dynamically , and the influence of parameter changes on information_sharing
   enthusiasm and strategy selection is discussed . in addition , a closed_loop
   supply chain sd model in cloud environment is established to prove its role
   in information sharing . the research results show that the strategic
   choices of clsc members are affected by multiple external variables .
   factors such as government supervision , sharing costs , information
   security , and enterprise alliances play a key role in companies adopting
   cloud manufacturing models for remanufacturing activities . 2021 , king fahd
   university of petroleum and minerals .
DE asymmetric information; closed-loop supply chain; cloud manufacturing;
   evolutionary game theory; system dynamic

---

UT 491
AR Zhao B, 2025, DIABETES METAB SYNDR OBES, V18, P4035, DOI
   10.2147/DMSO.S545478
TI The Role of Growth Mindset and Self-Control Strategies Between Outcome
   Experiences and Physical Activity: Insights from Structural Equation Model
   and System Dynamics
AU Zhao B; Zhang S/2; Zhang W/3; Zheng S; Fu Y/1; Wu Q; Huang X; Shao J
TC 0
SO DIABETES METAB SYNDR OBES
PY 2025
AB background : outcome experiences have been recognized as a prominent
   predictor of physical activity engagement and maintenance in adults with
   obesity , while the underlying mechanisms remain unclear . this study aims
   to investigate and elucidate whether and how growth mindset and self_control
   strategies serve as modifiable mediators in this relationship . methods : a
   cross_sectional study was conducted using stratified sampling , enrolling
   209 adults with obesity . logistic regression , structural equation modeling
   , system dynamics modeling , and simulation interventions were employed to
   test the hypothesized mediation model . results : outcome experiences were
   directly and significantly associated with physical activity ( = 0.247 , p <
   0.01 ) . this association was significantly mediated by growth mindset (
   indirect effect = 0.055 , 95 % ci [ 0.034 , 0.122 ] ) , whereas the
   mediation role of self_control strategies was not statistically significant
   ( indirect effect = 0.011 , 95 % ci [ 0.027 , 0.059 ] ) . notably , a
   chained mediating effect was observed , with growth mindset and self_control
   strategies jointly mediating the relationship between outcome experiences
   and physical activity ( indirect effect = 0.011 , 95 % ci [ 0.004 , 0.038 ]
   ) . together , these mediators explained 23.77 % of the total variance in
   physical activity . simulation intervention further evidenced that
   reinforcing growth mindset and self_control strategies , particularly in
   combination , can generate sustained improvement in the trajectory of pa
   engagement . conclusion : although outcome experiences are resistant to
   change , their impact on physical activity can be modulated through adaptive
   psychological mechanisms , including growth mindset and self_control
   strategies . interventions targeting these modifiable factors offer a
   promising pathway to promote physical activity among adults with obesity ,
   especially those affected by negative past experiences . however , given the
   cross_sectional design of this study , causal inferences are limited , and
   the intervention recommendations remain preliminary , necessitating further
   validation through longitudinal and experimental research . 2025 zhao et al
   .
DE growth mindset; obesity; physical activity; self-control; system dynamics;
   weight loss
ID adult; article; body mass; body weight loss; construct validity; control
   strategy; cronbach alpha coefficient; cross-sectional study; dynamics;
   female; graduate student; growth; human; internal consistency; international
   physical activity questionnaire short form; likert scale; logistic
   regression analysis; major clinical study; male; metabolic equivalent;
   obesity; outcome assessment; physical activity; questionnaire; reliability;
   self-control; structural equation modeling; system dynamics

---

UT 492
AR Li L/1, 2023, J ENV PLANN MANAG, V66, P2576, DOI
   10.1080/09640568.2022.2076068
TI Environmental infrastructure and urban residents’ well-being: a system
   dynamics approach
AU Li L/1; Zheng Y; Ma S; Li M/7
TC 14
SO J ENV PLANN MANAG
PY 2023
AB the continuous expansion of environmental infrastructure systems plays a
   crucial role in urban sustainable development . while bringing significant
   environmental benefits , it also has negative impacts on the improvement of
   residents ' well_being ( such as the ' not in my backyard ' phenomenon ) .
   in this study , the system dynamics ( sd ) methodology is used to dissect
   the complex interactions between environmental infrastructure and urban
   residents ' well_being . using vensim modeling software and chinese data
   from 20142019 , this study designs basic and extended scenarios to discover
   urban environmental infrastructure development measures that effectively
   contribute to residents ' well_being . the simulation results reveal that ,
   in the basic scenarios , the pattern focusing on environmental protection
   and resource_saving development is effective , while the collaborative
   development may have more long_term value . in comparison , in the extended
   scenarios , developing energy supply and pollution treatment facilities can
   effectively improve urban residents ' subjective well_being . but there are
   more factors to consider when planning urban green infrastructure . 2022
   newcastle university .
DE environmental infrastructure; scenario analysis; subjective well-being;
   system dynamics
ID environmental protection; infrastructure; scenario analysis; sustainable
   development; urban planning

---

UT 493
AR Li X/8, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14031343
TI Study on Evacuation Behavior of Urban Underground Complex in Fire Emergency
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Li X/8; Chen W/2; Wang C/5; Kassem MA
TC 35
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB during a fire evacuation , long lateral evacuation distances , large crowds
   waiting for evacuation at the same level , and easily panicked populations
   are common . this research aimed to look into the large_scale evacuation
   behavior of urban underground complexes with limited evacuation and egress
   during a fire . a simplified model for large_scale group evacuation of urban
   subsurface complexes was constructed using system dynamics theory . the
   vensim software was used for quantitative simulation . the model could
   represent the typical phenomenon of group evacuation behaviors , such as
   quick or slow , under seven operating situations with total initial numbers
   of 350 , 400 , 450 , 500 , 1000 , 2000 , and 4000 . the results of an
   analysis of critical affecting factors show ' ' total initial number ' ' and
   ' ' panic state ' ' during a large_scale group evacuation : a large
   beginning population will result in a rapid reduction in system evacuation
   capability , delaying the completion of the evacuation process significantly
   . meanwhile , if the level of panic is deficient , the system ' s evacuation
   efficiency will remain low for an extended period , making it difficult to
   evacuate trapped persons promptly . according to the findings , the
   developed system dynamics model , which combines the advantages of a
   continuous model with the advantages of a discrete model , is very accurate
   . at the same time , we should emphasize the importance of the evacuation
   guide and reinforce the fire education and behavior drills for the building
   ' s workers . this research presents a simplified model for the evacuation
   of large groups of people from metropolitan underground complexes .
   furthermore , the findings may give theoretical support for the development
   of rules and safety management practices . 2022 by the authors . licensee
   mdpi , basel , switzerland .
DE emergency evacuation; evacuation behavior; fire emergency; system dynamics
   theory; urban underground complex
ID education; fire behavior; quantitative analysis; theoretical study; urban
   area

---

UT 494
AR Khan S/2, 2023, E3S WEB CONF, V430, DOI 10.1051/e3sconf/202343001176
TI Modelling the Impact of Road Dust on Air Pollution: A Sustainable System
   Dynamics Approach
AU Khan S/2; Hassan Q; Kumar K; Dixit S; Sharma K; Vivek Kumar C; Dhaliwal N;
   Madhu B
TC 17
SO E3S WEB CONF
PY 2023
AB road dust contributes significantly to air pollution by releasing fine
   particulate matter ( pm ) and other pollutants into the air , which can
   cause respiratory and cardiovascular problems and premature death . this
   dust is generated through the wear and tear of vehicle tires and road
   surfaces , as well as the accumulation of dirt and debris on the road ,
   primarily from construction activities and cargo trucks carrying building
   materials . wind , weather conditions , and vehicle movement play crucial
   roles in the distribution and concentration of these particles in the air .
   to address this issue , this paper focuses on identifying various variables
   that are connected to road dust operations and their interrelationships with
   air pollution variables , representing the dynamic pattern of the entire
   system . the paper proposes the establishment of a sustainable causal_loop
   model using system dynamics ( sd ) modeling in vensim , connecting feedback
   mechanisms to effectively control the road dust concentration . additionally
   , the paper suggests different policy interventions applied to the whole
   system to achieve optimized results . in the future , this research aims to
   convert and simulate the causal_loop model to a stock_flow model and compare
   the effectiveness of different policy interventions to further reduce road
   dust contributing to air pollution . 2023 edp sciences . all rights reserved
   .
DE air pollution; construction activities; modeling; road dust; sustainable
   approach; system dynamics

---

UT 495
AR De Silva MM, 2024, TRANSP POLIC, V147, P244, DOI
   10.1016/j.tranpol.2024.01.004
TI A system dynamics model for vehicle fleet transformation towards energy
   efficiency and low-carbon development: A case study of Sri Lanka and its
   strategies
AU De Silva MM; Herath OK; Nakayama T; Kumarage AS
TC 6
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2024
AB improving the energy efficiency of a vehicle fleet is a complex task that
   can be identified as having multiple variables and nonlinear feedback loops
   influenced by different mobility , socio_economical , and environmental
   factors . due to the prevailing concerns on the fuel economy and vehicular
   emissions , formulating a clear policy for electric and other alternative
   mobility forms requires a clear decision support tool to adequately consider
   the complexities involved . this paper presents a novel system dynamics ( sd
   ) approach based on the because_and_effect analysis and feedback loop
   structures as a suitable tool . the proposed sd model comprises four
   sub_models : socio_economic , new vehicle registrations , environmental
   influence , and fuel economy and e_mobility policy measures . the study
   presents the analysis of historical data and results from the impact
   analysis of fuel economy policies in sri lanka , including the introduction
   of electric mobility . the authors leveraged the vensim sd software package
   for modeling , expert_in_the_loop sensitivity analysis and optimization .
   three strategic fuel economy and e_mobility policy intervention scenarios
   have been developed to estimate the forecasted fuel economy for four_wheeled
   passenger vehicles ( fwpvs ) as per strategic interventions to change the
   fuel type of new vehicles registered . it is shown that hybrid and electric
   fwpvs can improve fuel economy by between 13 and 39 % by 2030 . 2024
   elsevier ltd
DE e-mobility policies; energy efficiency modeling; new vehicle registrations;
   system dynamics; vehicle ownership
ID sri lanka; carbon; decision support systems; economic and social effects;
   fleet operations; fuel economy; nonlinear feedback; sensitivity analysis;
   system theory; e mobilities; e-mobility policy; efficiency models; energy
   efficiency modeling; mobility policies; new vehicle registration; system
   dynamics; system dynamics modeling; vehicle ownership; vehicle registration;
   car ownership; electric vehicle; energy efficiency; environmental factor;
   sensitivity analysis; software; energy efficiency

---

UT 496
AR Purwanto A, 2021, SUSTAIN PROD CONSUM, V25, P198, DOI
   10.1016/j.spc.2020.08.009
TI Quantitative simulation of the water-energy-food (WEF) security nexus in a
   local planning context in indonesia
AU Purwanto A; Sušnik J; Suryadi FX; de Fraiture C
TC 82
SO SUSTAIN PROD CONSUM
PY 2021
AB the process of planning and evaluation for local development , especially in
   the critical sectors of water , energy and food ( wef ) should be conducted
   using a holistic , integrated approach in an attempt to bring the
   improvement in water , energy and food security in a region . system
   dynamics models are one of the tools for simulation and assessment of the
   system_wide impacts caused by local interventions . this research develops a
   stock_flow diagram ( sfd ) of wef security in a local context to be used in
   analyzing the impacts of implementing three planned policy interventions in
   karawang regency , indonesia . stella professional software is employed to
   build the sfd and conduct simulation of the wef security nexus , and is
   based on a previously developed qualitative causal loop model of the same
   system ( the karawang wef security ( k_wefs ) model ) . in the quantitative
   sfd , four scenarios are developed and assessed in this study . ( i )
   population growth changes . ( ii ) agricultural land conversion rate changes
   . ( iii ) changes in the development of artificial ponds and solar energy .
   and ( iv ) per_capita resource consumption changes . the results show
   several interesting findings related to the wef security nexus , available
   resources per person ( app ) and self_sufficiency levels ( ssl ) of
   resources in business as usual conditions and under planned interventions .
   potentially unanticipated detrimental indirect impacts of policy
   interventions are highlighted . this dynamic support tool could be applied
   in other local regions to improve the evaluation and planning process of
   water , energy and food sectors in a holistic manner . 2020 institution of
   chemical engineers
DE evaluation and planning; indonesia; karawang; nexus modeling; policy
   analysis; system dynamics; water-energy-food ( wef ) security

---

UT 497
AR Shao Y, 2022, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12340, DOI 10.1117/12.2652356
TI Optimization of Seaport Companies' D&A Systems Based on System Dynamics and
   Evaluation Models
AU Shao Y; Guo J; Li Z/1; Yan W/1; Zhu Z
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2022
AB integrated data and analytics ( d and a ) systems are recognized for their
   ability to help companies ensure they have the right people , technology ,
   and processes in place to manage , operate , use , and protect data
   resources . it is critical for port companies to develop the right strategy
   to refine the architecture of their d and a systems and integrate their data
   resources . in this study , system dynamics simulation , and principal
   component analysis are used to help seaport companies improve d and a
   systems and maintain their competitiveness in the future . first , starting
   from the three key parts of personnel , technology , and process , a 3zy
   comprehensive evaluation model is developed to evaluate the maturity of the
   d and a system . second , we use vensim to conduct simulations and build a
   seaport system dynamics model . then , analyze the causal relationship
   between various influencing factors , and explore the influence of various
   factors on the port . third , through the principal component analysis
   method , clustering multiple indicators to determine the overall skill level
   of the company and the degree of cooperation between people , technology ,
   and processes has an important impact on the d and a system . finally , a
   sensitivity analysis is carried out to calculate the degree of influence on
   the analysis indicators when the uncertain factors change . the conclusions
   obtained show the scalability of the d and a system maturity model in other
   ports and industries . 2022 spie .
DE principal component analysis; system dynamics model; vensim
ID information management; ports and harbors; sensitivity analysis; system
   theory; analytics systems; data resources; data systems; evaluation models;
   integrated data; optimizations; principal component analysis; system
   dynamics modeling; system evaluation; vensim; principal component analysis

---

UT 498
AR Nie R, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16062341
TI Research on the Dynamic Model of Emergency Rescue Resource-Allocation
   Systems for Mine-Fire Accidents, Taking Liquid CO2 Transportation as an
   Example
AU Nie R; Wang Z/8
TC 4
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB after a mine_fire accident occurs , a large number of emergency resources
   need to be allocated to rescue those involved in the mine_fire accident .
   the allocation of emergency resources for mine_fire accidents has the
   characteristic of being a complex system with strong uncertainty . to
   investigate the impact of various variables on the allocation of emergency
   resources in mine_fire situations , this paper analyzes the relevant factors
   that influence the process of allocating emergency resources during mine
   fires . it defines the variables of the mine_fire emergency
   resource_allocation system based on relevant assumptions . causal loop and
   stock flow diagrams are drawn to illustrate the relationships between the
   variables and the system dynamics equation . finally , a system dynamics
   model for mine_fire emergency resource allocation is established . the
   vensim software was used to simulate the model of a mine_fire emergency
   rescue . the simulation produced curves for the evolution rate of the fire ,
   the arrival rate , the demand for emergency resources , in_transit resources
   , arrival , and the usage of resources during the emergency . the results
   indicate a positive correlation between the quantity of emergency resources
   in_transit and the arrival rate of emergency resources : they are positively
   correlated with the amount of emergency_management investment . additionally
   , the duration of the maximum quantity of emergency resources in_transit is
   positively correlated with the length of the emergency resource_allocation
   route . on the other hand , the evolution rate of the mine fire and the
   arrival rate of its emergency resources are negatively correlated with the
   level of emergency management . the evolution rate of the mine fire becomes
   larger and the damage caused by the mine_fire accident is greater when the
   decision_making ability of commanders is at a low level . 2024 by the
   authors .
DE emergency rescue; emergency resources allocation; mine fire; system
   dynamics; system simulation
ID accident prevention; fire; mine; numerical model; research work; resource
   allocation; simulation; software

---

UT 499
AR He L, 2022, WASTE MANAG, V140, P204, DOI 10.1016/j.wasman.2021.11.026
TI Exploring the EPR system for power battery recycling from a supply-side
   perspective: An evolutionary game analysis
AU He L; Sun B
TC 98
SO WASTE MANAG
PY 2022
AB as a core component of new energy vehicle development , power battery will
   bring serious environmental pollution if it is not disposed of in a
   standardized way after retirement , so a scientific recycling mechanism is
   the key to achieve sustainable development . this paper explores the epr
   mechanism of power battery recycling from a supply_side perspective based on
   a game theory approach . the system dynamics evolution model was constructed
   using vensim software . model testing , reward and punishment mechanism
   design and analysis of key parameters changes were carried out . the results
   show that the initial state of tripartite strategy choice is not conducive
   to the positive operation of reverse supply chain . the curve gradually
   fluctuates toward positive strategy side after the introduction of static
   reward and punishment mechanism , at which time the three parties show a
   cyclical behavior pattern . the dynamic reward and punishment mechanism can
   make consumers and almost 97 % of the new energy vehicle manufacturers (
   nevms ) participate in the environmental protection of power battery
   recycling , which has a better effect . in addition , the high cost of
   recycling will prevent a higher percentage of nevms from participating in
   supply chain construction . at the same time , the recycling price raised by
   private enterprises and small workshops is also one of the key factors that
   interfere with the participation of supply_side groups in formal recycling .
   2021
DE epr mechanism optimization; power battery recycling; system dynamics ( sd );
   three-party evolutionary game
ID electric power supplies; environmental pollution; game theory; punishment;
   recycling; reward; automobile manufacture; electric vehicles; electronic
   waste; environmental protection; machine design; secondary batteries; supply
   chains; sustainable development; system theory; battery recycling; epr
   mechanism optimization; evolutionary games; mechanism optimization; power
   batteries; power battery recycling; supply sides; system dynamic; three-
   party; three-party evolutionary game; electronic equipment; environmental
   protection; manufacturing; model test; optimization; pollution control;
   private sector; recycling; waste disposal; waste management; article;
   consumer; environmental protection; game; human; price; punishment;
   recycling; reward; software; pollution; power supply; punishment; recycling

---

UT 500
AR [Anonymous], 2020, IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG, V931, DOI
   10.1088/1757-899X/931/1/012015
TI The planning of iron sand inventory with System Dynamic Approach
TC 2
SO IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG
PY 2020
AB the need for iron sand as a supporting material of the cement making is
   increasing , so companies require planning of inventory control of iron ore
   to get all the needs in terms of quality and quantity . inventory control
   planning will be useful to meet the demand and reduce inventory wastage . in
   the production process , companies often experience a shortage of materials
   when demand soared and raw materials excessed when demand decreases . this
   study aims to determine the best ordering method next year so that the
   company does not experience the stock shortage . the system dynamics method
   was applied with the help of powersim software in terms of modeling and
   simulating the iron ore ordering system in the form of several scenarios .
   based on the result , the best scenario was to order the iron ore as much as
   4,013 tons / month , which is twice the amount in the previous policy , and
   the average inventory of the iron ore was 10,943 tons / month . published
   under license by iop publishing ltd .

---

UT 501
AR Chaudhary K, 2019, INT J PROD QUAL MANAG, V27, P369, DOI
   10.1504/IJPQM.2019.101934
TI Sustainable benefits of electronic waste recycling in India: A system
   dynamics analysis
AU Chaudhary K; Vrat P
TC 5
SO INT J PROD QUAL MANAG
PY 2019
AB despite the fact that 95 % of the electronic waste ( e_waste ) generated is
   routed to unorganized sector , india is still struggling to put up an
   effective e_waste management system . this paper highlights the
   sustainability link of an efficient and effective e_waste reverse supply
   chain ( rsc ) of e_waste in india . a system dynamics ( sd ) model of
   circular flow of electronics products from manufacturing stage to recycling
   stage has been developed using stella software version 9.1.3. seven
   scenarios have been simulated using the model to study behavior of various
   variables . study of trends provides very useful insights to facilitate
   policy decisions for implementation of e_waste rsc in india . this study
   also recommends various strategies to improve the collection efficiency of
   the organized sector . 2019 inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE causal loop diagram; cld; e-waste; electronic waste; material reserve; sd;
   sfd; stock and flow diagram; sustainability link; system dynamics

---

UT 502
AR Woo T, 2012, SPRINGER SER RELIAB ENG, V63, P89, DOI
   10.1007/978-1-4471-4030-6_8
TI Dynamical seismic probabilistic safety assessment for earthquake
AU Woo T
TC 0
SO SPRINGER SER RELIAB ENG
PY 2012
AB in the nuclear power plants ( npps ) , the earthquake could make a critical
   result because of its catastrophe risk . it is important to maintain the
   stability of the system without the radiation material leak from the reactor
   . the system dynamics ( sd ) is used in analysis by the random sampling
   quantification of the earthquake happening due to unexpected characteristics
   , which is one of non_linear algorithms . there is a dynamical
   quantification which is incorporated with the loop sequence of the time step
   procedures by the feedback simulations . the power plant analysis has the
   highest value among three values including disaster analysis and earthquake
   analysis . for disaster analysis , there is the highest value on 2015 . for
   earthquake analysis , there is the highest value on 2047 . the highest value
   of summation for three values is in the year 2050 , which shows the value of
   28.45 times ( = 626/22 ) higher than the initial value and highest than any
   other value . using sd method , the easy and logical analysis for the safety
   assessment is constructed by a computer code . springer_verlag london 2012 .
DE earthquake; feedback; nuclear power plants; safety assessment; simulation;
   system dynamics; thermo-hydraulic; vensim
ID disasters; earthquakes; feedback; nuclear energy; nuclear fuels; system
   stability; system theory; safety assessments; simulation; system dynamics;
   thermo-hydraulic; vensim; nuclear power plants

---

UT 503
AR Luo KK, 2018, LAT APPL RES, V48, P235
TI Scenario analysis of low carbon enterprises in sichuan province based on
   natural language processing hierarchical dynamic model
AU Luo KK; Zhang LM
TC 0
SO LAT APPL RES
PY 2018
AB low carbon economy has gradually become a hot topic in all walks of life .
   in order to analyze the development trend of low_carbon enterprises in
   sichuan province , this paper first uses the principle of system dynamics ,
   combined with economics and mathematical statistics . and all of that has
   been realized according to the method of cognitive calculation ,
   comprehensive analysis and processing of data , adopting a large_scale
   sampling survey , screening samples , and using natural language processing
   model . it deals with an analysis of the results to meet the development
   needs of low carbon enterprises in sichuan province . aiming to analyze the
   development capability of low carbon enterprises in sichuan province , the
   computer simulation model of vensim ple , a special simulation software for
   system dynamics , was established . in order to analyze the development
   trend of sichuan low_carbon enterprises more effectively , this paper also
   uses the ahp method of qualitative analysis and quantitative analysis to
   evaluate the development ability of sichuan low_carbon enterprises . by
   comparing the simulation results , the good application prospect of system
   dynamics in scenario analysis of low carbon enterprises is verified .
   2003_2012 latin american applied research journal .
DE analytic hierarchy process; low carbon enterprises; system dynamics

---

UT 504
AR Abnikia H, 2017, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, P1868
TI Impacts of safety performance and culture on work-related accidents: A
   system dynamics model
AU Abnikia H; Bastanb M; Kasiralvalada E; Ahmadvanda A
TC 4
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2017
AB research shows that when investigating the causal relation between phenomena
   , adopting a systematic view and assessing the feedbacks of involved
   variables could lead to much better results . in complex systems where
   humans act as significant components , the importance of systemic approach
   and focus on its dynamics become particularly more pronounced . the
   objective of this study was to use a system dynamics approach to study the
   safety culture and performance and its impacts on work_related accidents .
   this objective was pursued through introducing and determining the basic
   variables , plotting the causal and flow diagrams , and simulating the model
   by vensim software . in the next step , four different scenarios were
   defined to evaluate the model sensitivity and identify the leverage
   variables . the results of sensitivity analysis showed that production
   pressure is the key factor controlling the rate of work_related accidents in
   the studied organization , so adopting policies aimed at reducing the
   pressure of production can largely improve the level of accidents in this
   organization . ieom society international .
DE safety; system dynamics; work accidents

---

UT 505
AR Yang L, 2012, INT CONF SERV SYST SERV MANAG - PROC ICSSSM, P272, DOI
   10.1109/ICSSSM.2012.6252235
TI Research on the optimization of retailer inventory strategy based on system
   dynamics simulation
AU Yang L; Hou K; Zhong J/1
TC 2
SO INT CONF SERV SYST SERV MANAG - PROC ICSSSM
PY 2012
AB aiming at a satisfying inventory strategy , simulation was put into use in a
   dynamic system . in this paper , we focused on a simply two_stage supply
   chain inventory management system . the model of inventory system was
   simplified rationally , and we assumed that it was primarily consisted of a
   manufacturer and a retailer . the study based on the theory of system
   dynamics and vensim software was used to optimize variable parameters in the
   supply chain inventory system . the retailer inventory strategy was
   optimized under uncertain environment and the variable parameters of
   adjustment production time , demand production delay time and demand sale
   time were reset , and then a rational inventory management project was
   selected in this system . finally , an example was come up with and it
   showed that the method was feasible and a better retailer inventory strategy
   was proposed . 2012 ieee .
DE optimization; retailer inventory; supply chain; system dynamics; vensim
ID inventory control; optimization; supply chains; system theory; uncertainty
   analysis; delay time; inventory management; inventory management systems;
   inventory strategies; inventory systems; production time; retailer
   inventory; supply chain inventory system; system dynamics; system dynamics
   simulation; uncertain environments; variable-parameters; vensim; sales

---

UT 506
AR Peterková J, 2012, PROC INT CARPATHIAN CONTROL CONF ICCC, P537, DOI
   10.1109/CarpathianCC.2012.6228703
TI Software support of managerial decision making based on system approach
AU Peterková J; Němčík P; Vančura V; Gottfried J
TC 2
SO PROC INT CARPATHIAN CONTROL CONF ICCC
PY 2012
AB the companies ' management have to deal with all that . and , once again , a
   question arises what approach should be taken when solving the newly emerged
   problems ? it turns out that the current managers ' problem_solving method
   should be based on a system approach as well as on prediction . the dynamics
   and indefiniteness of business environment makes a corporate management use
   methods based on the system approach to the business , or understanding the
   business as a living organism and , at the same time , take into account the
   growing importance of knowledge , creative human potential , and new
   management methods as system dynamics and other competition tools of a
   company of the 21st century . 2012 ieee .
DE business performance index; dynamic system; feedback structure of the
   system; food industry; managerial decision; prediction model; strategic
   management; vensim software
ID biology; dynamical systems; industry; management; managers; business
   performance; feedback structure; food industries; managerial decision;
   prediction model; strategic management; competition

---

UT 507
AR Jeong H, 2013, SOC AGRIC BIOL ENG ANNU INT MEET, V6, P4838
TI A study on the economic analysis of wastewater reclamation and reuse systems
   for agriculture using a system dynamics approach
AU Jeong H; Suh K; Kim H/1; Park S; Kim H; Seong C; Jang T
TC 0
SO SOC AGRIC BIOL ENG ANNU INT MEET
PY 2013
AB many studies have reported additional treatment is needed to use wastewater
   for agricultural purpose . economic considerations should be taken into
   account to establish infrastructure for agricultural reuse because of a
   large amount of water use in irrigation and relatively low water quality
   requirement . the objective of this study was to conduct economic analysis
   of wastewater reclamation and reuse systems for agriculture . a system
   dynamics approach considering complexity and dynamics in the wastewater
   reuse systems was used for the economic analysis , which are related with
   social , environmental , and economic problems . sensitivity and benefit
   cost analysis for wastewater reuse systems was conducted through the
   established economic assessment model . the result of sensitivity analysis
   showed that water resources development and installation cost were the most
   sensitive for total benefits and costs , respectively . the scenario_based
   test of the organized economic assessment model shows marginal cost ranges
   and enables decision_makers to decide reasonable cost for the wastewater
   reuse systems for agriculture .
DE economic evaluation model; system dynamics approach; vensim benefit-cost
   analysis; wastewater reuse
ID agriculture; cost accounting; costs; system theory; wastewater reclamation;
   water management; water quality; water supply; benefit-cost analysis;
   economic considerations; economic evaluations; system dynamics approach;
   wastewater reclamation and reuse; wastewater reuse; wastewater reuse system;
   water resources development; economic analysis

---

UT 508
AR Tian Y/1, 2020, SUSTAIN, V12, DOI 10.3390/su12104254
TI Dynamic model of a sustainable water resources utilization system with
   coupled water quality and quantity in Tianjin city
AU Tian Y/1; Li C/2; Yi Y; Wang X/3; Shu A
TC 16
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2020
AB with the development of industrial and agricultural production and the
   social economy , the demand for water resources has gradually increased . in
   this paper , based on the principles of system dynamics , a sustainable
   water resources utilization model with coupled water quality and quantity is
   established using stella software to assess the sustainable use of water
   resources . the model includes two modules : a water supply module and a
   water quality module . the water supply module includes four sub_systems :
   economy , population , water supply , and water demand . the water quality
   module consists of an environmental sub_system . the model is suitable for
   tianjin , where water resources are scarce . calibration is performed using
   data from 2013_2016 , and verification is performed using data from 2017 .
   the simulation results are good . in order to compare the sustainable use of
   water resources in different development scenarios in tianjin for 2025 , a
   sensitivity analysis is performed for each variable , and four decision
   variables are selected to establish four water resources use scenarios (
   scenarios 1_4 ) . the results show that , compared with scenario 1 , water
   shortages in scenarios 2 and 3 are delayed . scenario 4 , with stable
   economic growth and environmental consideration , can effectively resolve
   the contradiction between water supply and demand in the future , and is
   more conducive to the improvement of water quality . finally , based on the
   above research , measures to solve water resources problems are proposed ,
   in order to provide a reference for the sustainable use of water resources
   and optimization of water resources allocation in tianjin . 2020 by the
   authors .
DE sustainable use; system dynamics; tianjin; water quantity and quality; water
   resources
ID china; tianjin; agricultural production; resource allocation; resource use;
   spatiotemporal analysis; water demand; water quality; water resource; water
   supply

---

UT 509
AR Zhang M, 2018, IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG, V392, DOI
   10.1088/1757-899X/392/6/062121
TI Cost simulation and optimization of fresh cold chain logistics enterprises
   based on SD
AU Zhang M; Liu CS
TC 7
SO IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG
PY 2018
AB in this paper , the system dynamics method is used to construct the
   structural model of the operating cost of fresh cold chain logistics
   enterprises considering the carbon emissions , and the simulation
   experiments are carried out by using vensim software . the results show that
   the application of system dynamics in fresh cold chain logistics enterprises
   cost control can reflect the complex relationship between the various
   factors within the system better , and obtain the back relationship between
   carbon emissions and the total cost , the method can provide guidance and
   reference for cost control of the fresh cold chain logistics enterprises .
   published under license by iop publishing ltd .
ID carbon; chains; computer software; cost effectiveness; manufacture; system
   theory; carbon emissions; cold chain logistics; complex relationships; cost
   simulations; provide guidances; structural modeling; system dynamics; vensim
   softwares; costs

---

UT 510
AR Zhang M/7, 2015, SHENGTAI XUEBAO, V35, P4880, DOI 10.5846/stxb201311122717
TI Scenarios simulation and indices thresholds determination of ecological
   security in three gorges reservoir based on system dynamics
AU Zhang M/7; Guan D; Su W
TC 4
SO SHENGTAI XUEBAO
PY 2015
AB ecological security is an interdisciplinary of natural science and social
   science . there is still no an internationally accepted definition of
   ecological security at present . in this paper , ecological security model
   of three gorges reservoir in chongqing was established using system dynamics
   . firstly , according to special geographical features of three gorges
   reservoir , an improved dpsir model , which involves all aspects of society
   , economy and environment , was applied to establish an evaluation index
   system of ecological security . ahp method with objective and subjective
   combination characteristics was selected to endow these indices weight .
   secondly , based on the ecosystem characteristics of three gorges reservoir
   , a system dynamics model containing economy , population , and
   environmental subsystems was developed . the model was set up using
   specialized software vensimple and data from ' ' chongqing statistical
   yearbook 2001_2007 ' ' for population , gdp , and the amount of
   environmental pollution . main parameters and their mutual feedback
   relationships in the model were determined . gdp , the total population ,
   the amount of environmental pollution were selected as the main variables .
   grain output ratio , forest coverage rate , soil erosion rates and other
   indicators were selected as the important factor parameters . the area of
   soil erosion , net_dp , pollution treatment rate were selected as the
   evaluation factors . meanwhile , historical and simulated values were
   compared to verify this model . the comparison of results from calibration
   and observation shows that the model corresponds to observed behaviors , and
   the simulated values fit well with the observed data and changing trends .
   moreover , 3 scenarios named sustainable development , resource exhaustion ,
   and natural state were designed to simulate future change of ecological
   security . the simulation runs demonstrate that the sustainable development
   model accords with the patterns of social development . the ecological
   security levels of natural state model and resource exhaustion model in
   chongqing three gorges reservoir are very worrying , since economic losses
   and environmental impact are severe . but the ecological security level of
   sustainable development model is relatively good . net_gdp shows a clear
   upward trend . the amount of environmental pollution is small . thirdly ,
   according to the simulation results , ecological security thresholds were
   got . the thresholds can basically represent the main features of three
   gorges reservoir ' s eological security before 2050 . the verification
   results can be got with the observation of ' ' net gdp_gdp ' ' values . the
   overall verification results are appropriate . then , the status quo of
   ecological security indicators ( 2007 ) was standardized using the
   determined thresholds . it turns out that the existing 11 indicators are
   uneven and the overall level is not high . these thresholds were applied
   into the assessment indices of ecological security for obtaining the
   comprehensive score of ecological security from 2001 to 2007 . the results
   illustrate that the ecological security in the reservoir area has been
   emerging an increasing trend , but still in a relatively sensitive period .
   consequently , to achieve the sustainable development of the reservoir area
   requires the cooperation of relevant departments . finally , on the basis of
   system dynamics model , the paper determined ecological security index
   thresholds . within the range of thresholds , the ecological security can
   effectively achieve its sustainable development . 2015 ecological society of
   china . all rights reserved .
DE chongqing three gorges reservoir area; ecological security; systems
   dynamics; thresholds
ID china; chongqing; three gorges reservoir; data set; economic conditions;
   gross domestic product; interdisciplinary approach; numerical model;
   planning method; security; social development; software; soil erosion;
   sustainable development; threshold

---

UT 511
AR Cao H, 2017, MATEC WEB CONF, V100, DOI 10.1051/matecconf/201710002012
TI Factor analysis of enterprise Internet+ impetus based on system dynamics
AU Cao H; Xue C/1; Wang X/9
TC 0
SO MATEC WEB CONF
PY 2017
AB internet+ plays an important role in the transition and upgrading of
   enterprises in this era . to promote enterprise internet+ implementation ,
   this paper studies the influencing factors in enterprise internet+ impetus .
   first , based on system dynamics , the influencing factors of enterprise
   internet+ impetus are analyzed as well as their relationships . then , a
   system dynamics model is established and vensim ple is utilized to simulate
   the model . finally , some suggestions about the internet+ implementation
   are given . the simulation results show that technological environment ,
   government policy and information asymmetry all have different influence on
   the enterprise internet+ impetus and different strategies can be taken to
   change their influence . this study is helpful for enterprises to understand
   the internet+ impetus mechanism thus promote internet+ implementation .
ID manufacture; system theory; information asymmetry; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; technological environment; internet

---

UT 512
AR Yue K-Z, 2013, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V25, P544
TI System dynamics model on segmental replenishment at sea for aircraft carrier
   formation
AU Yue K-Z; Han W; Yu C-J; Shi J-G
TC 2
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2013
AB to schedule technically material replenishment for aircraft carrier
   formation in the high sea battle exercise , the segmental supply on the sea
   was studied . causal loop diagrams and stock and flow diagrams about every
   element of impacting the supply efficiency were built based on system
   dynamics , and the system dynamic model with segmental supply from supply
   ship to aircraft carrier formation was established . the simulation software
   of vensim ple was applied , and the simulation shows that this model can
   predict the material supply trend in the disturbed condition and provide the
   theoretical evidence and technical basis for scheduling material
   replenishment from the supply ship .
DE complex systematic model; segmental supply; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 513
AR Zhao W, 2018, J SILK, V55, P48, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1001-7003.2018.01.009
TI Modeling and empirical study of O2O retail decision-making in apparel
   enterprises
AU Zhao W; Wang L/7; Li M/3; Sun T; Yang Y/1
TC 2
SO J SILK
PY 2018
AB aiming at the o2o dual channel mode in apparel enterprises , this paper
   established a retail decision , making model and explored the relationship
   between o2o retail service level and profitability of apparel enterprises .
   firstly , the relation between index weight and index variables of the model
   was determined through an expert interview and literature . then , the o2o
   dual channel retail decision , making model was established based on system
   dynamics theory :65 system variables were defined , the assumptions were set
   , vensim was used to draw the stock , flow graph , thecorrelativity was
   established , the model was confirmed and verified , the model was verified
   according to current situation of o2o dual channel retail . results showed
   that level of o2o retail service was positively related to profitability ,
   last , to improve the profitability of the case enterprise , this paper put
   forward several solutions to improve o2o channel integration and online/
   office retail service level . 2018 china silk association . all rights
   reserved .
DE apparel; decision; o2o; retail; system dynamics

---

UT 514
AR Karimlou K, 2020, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V34, P481, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-019-02428-z
TI Developing a Model for Decision-Makers in Dynamic Modeling of Urban Water
   System Management
AU Karimlou K; Hassani N; Rashidi Mehrabadi A; Nazari MR
TC 18
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2020
AB water managers may modify many components of urban water systems to minimize
   water shortage . since each modification activity has its own positive and
   negative effects , it is necessary to define an appropriate procedure to
   predict the consequences of each action . as the parameters of urban water
   supply and demand system have internal relationships in the time domain , a
   dynamic model is needed to forecast the result of changes and select the
   best modification activity . here the vensim is applied as a modeling tool
   to choose the most effective water management activities in tehran province
   . it has been found that the annual increase rate of water tariff by 16.4 %
   and assigning 4.5 % of revenue on reducing non_revenue water may be the most
   effective demand management activity to reduce water shortage in tehran
   province . it has also been revealed that , even by implementing the most
   effective demand management activities in tehran , the amount of required
   water in the next 10 years is more than the sustainable capacity of its
   resources and activities like seawater desalination are inevitable to
   prevent unsustainable use of water sources . 2019 , springer nature b . v .
DE conservation devices; non-revenue water; price-elasticity of demand; system
   dynamics; tariff; water
ID iran; tehran [ iran ]; desalination; economics; seawater effects; water;
   water management; water supply; water supply systems; internal
   relationships; management activities; non-revenue waters; positive and
   negative effect; price-elasticity of demand; seawater desalination; system
   dynamics; tariff; conservation management; decision making; demand
   elasticity; tariff structure; water management; water planning; water
   resource; water supply; decision making

---

UT 515
AR Elmahdi A, 2011, WATER SHORTAGES ENV ECON SOC IMPACTS, P159
TI Efficient water allocation for sustainable irrigation development - A system
   dynamics modelling approach
AU Elmahdi A; Shi T
TC 1
SO WATER SHORTAGES ENV ECON SOC IMPACTS
PY 2011
AB in facing the water shortage challenges around the world , water ( re )
   allocation has been increasingly recognized as a key issue in the
   sustainable water resource management . this chapter aims to apply a system
   dynamics modeling approach for economical water allocation within irrigation
   managing system constraints . the objective of this study is to explore the
   options of re_allocating water resources that minimize the water cost all
   over an irrigated agricultural area . the study has been performed through a
   system dynamics tool , vensim software , which is equipped with an optimizer
   . an economical water use model ( ewum ) was developed to help decision
   makers in examining the economic and environmental impacts of water
   allocation under several future scenarios and alternatives . the main
   objective of the model is to explore the options of allocating water to
   satisfy the irrigation demand at minimum water cost . surface and ground
   water systems ( including water from trading ) have been studied within
   managing system constraints such as the volume of maximum pumping , surface
   water and environmental flow rule , available maximum trading volume , and
   water prices . two hypothetical agricultural areas have been simulated as an
   application example for the current study . the results show that the
   proposed model could be considered as a robust water management tool ,
   evolved from its flexibility and power of expediting and facilitating the
   inter_linkage of different components in the model , for broad application
   in efficient water allocation for sustainable irrigation development . 2011
   nova science publishers , inc . all rights reserved .

---

UT 516
AR Soto MM, 2013, REV TEC LA FAC ING UNIV DEL ZULIA, V36, P80
TI System dynamics in the simulation of the effect of knowledge management on
   the supply chain of corn agroindustry (Zea mays L.); [La dinámica de
   sistemas en la simulación del efecto de la gestión del conocimiento sobre la
   cadena de suministro de la agroindustria del maíz (Zea mays L.)]
AU Soto MM; Monroy CR; Araujo MG; Díaz AM
TC 5
SO REV TEC LA FAC ING UNIV DEL ZULIA
PY 2013
AB system dynamics is a suitable tool for building managementmodels , because
   of its easy application in solving unstructured problems . in the 21st
   century the sustainability of organizations is influenced by the way in
   which they manage their knowledge . in this sense , knowledge management (
   km ) represents a strategy that contributes to the improvement of production
   of the supply chain ( sc ) of the corn industry ( ci ) . the aim of this
   research is to develop an information technology ( it ) model that enables
   the simulation of the effect of km on the ci production . the methodology
   applied was that of system dynamics through the use of the vensim ple v .
   5.10 software , whose determinant indicators were selected through an
   empirical study ofkmin the sc of the precooked corn flour industry in
   venezuela . in the study it was concluded that the balanced application of
   km practices both in the strategic dimension and in the functional dimension
   , achieves an increase in production through the stabilization of the system
   . in this respect , it is recommended to continue with the evaluation of the
   developed methodology in other agro_industrial environments .
DE corn agro-industry; knowledge management; supply chain; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; information technology; knowledge management; mica;
   supply chains; agro-industry; corn flour; empirical studies; production of;
   system dynamics; venezuela; zea mays; system theory

---

UT 517
AR Tarasyev A, 2020, CEUR WORK PROC, V2562, P198
TI Data and application management models for content services architecture:
   Example of project approach to education process of master students in it
AU Tarasyev A; Turygina V; Sorokotyaga S; Iskra A; Timofeeva A
TC 0
SO CEUR WORK PROC
PY 2020
AB the purpose of this study is to develop a model for managing data and
   applications in the architecture of content services using the example of an
   e_sports agency for student . a data management model was developed in the
   powersim studio 7.0 simulation environment , which allows determining the
   economic result of the company in the electronic sales architecture . the
   presented model includes several functional blocks , consisting of the key
   parameters of the model , such as : sales , customers , orders , income from
   additional services . the selected blocks were formed on the basis of the
   analysis of the company ' s business processes , which allowed us to
   identify the main processes that affect the formation of the nailed
   enterprise in the project training . after a series of simulation
   experiments , taking into account the initial values specified in the model
   and taking into account the inclusion of additional values ( income from the
   provision of additional services to the company ) , results were obtained
   confirming the economic feasibility of including additional services . the
   proposed system of indicators and the developed model are an analytical
   comprehensive toolkit that allows you to reasonably assess the current state
   and results of the system , taking into account the introduction of
   additional services and activities , and without it , which , in turn ,
   makes it possible to study in more detail and deeply their impact on the
   economic result company . copyright 2019 for this paper by its authors . use
   permitted under creative commons license attribution 4.0 international ( cc
   by 4.0 ) .
DE computer simulation; customer base; data management; education; educational
   process; information architecture; modeling methodology; online advertising;
   project training system dynamics; simulation
ID computer simulation; economic analysis; education; information management;
   sales; students; customerbase; educational process; information
   architectures; modeling methodology; online advertising; simulation;
   training systems; education computing

---

UT 518
AR Yang B, 2010, PROC - INT CONF MANAG E-COMMER E-GOV ICMECG, P10, DOI
   10.1109/ICMeCG.2010.11
TI The knowledge transfer evolutionary model and simulation based on the
   modeling of system dynamics
AU Yang B; Xu S-H
TC 2
SO PROC - INT CONF MANAG E-COMMER E-GOV ICMECG
PY 2010
AB based on the foundation of systems and control theory , we analyze knowledge
   transfer process and the main impact for body of knowledge stocks . applying
   the method of system dynamics to analyze a causal relation and the behavior
   evolution feature of knowledge transfer in organization and construct a
   system dynamics model of knowledge transfer simulation , which can be
   simulated by vensim ple . the analysis for the effectiveness and sensitivity
   of simulation model indicates the model can be used as the fitting of
   knowledge transfer process well as well as reveals the feature and mechanism
   of inter_organization knowledge transfer that can offer theoretical basis
   and guidance for making knowledge transfer strategy . the construction and
   operation of computer simulation model offers a kind of effective method for
   studying the inter_organization mechanism of knowledge transfer . 2010 ieee
   .
DE knowledge transfer; simulation; system dynamics model; vensim
ID dynamics; electronic commerce; government data processing; knowledge
   management; mathematical models; system theory; behavior evolution; body of
   knowledge; causal relations; computer simulation model; evolutionary models;
   inter-organization; knowledge transfer; simulation; simulation model; system
   dynamics; system dynamics model; systems and control theory; theoretical
   basis; vensim; computer simulation

---

UT 519
AR Agumas M, 2019, LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG,
   V274, P401, DOI 10.1007/978-3-030-15357-1_33
TI Simulation study of inventory performance improvement in consumer products
   trade business unit using system dynamic approach
AU Agumas M; Jayaprakash J; Teshome M
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG
PY 2019
AB this paper focused optimal inventory study on multi_product , multi_period ,
   perishable products replenishment quantity in consumer product trade
   business unit ( cptbu ) warehouse in bahir dar city . we proposed system
   dynamics method to improve optimal replenishment quantity of expired and
   stock_out products and saved the total operation cost such as loss of sale ,
   expired cost , holding cost and ordering cost using vensim software . this
   study proposed 34.7 % improved replenishment quantity of expired products ,
   32.2 % replenishment quantity of stock_out products and totally this
   proposal saved 43,000us $ ( 1.2 million birr ) of operational cost per year
   . icst institute for computer sciences , social informatics and
   telecommunications engineering 2019 published by springer nature switzerland
   ag 2019 . all rights reserved .
DE inventory replenishment; simulation; stock and flow diagram; system dynamics
ID system theory; flow diagram; inventory performance; inventory replenishment;
   perishable product; simulation; simulation studies; system dynamics; total
   operation costs; consumer products

---

UT 520
AR Michel Legal Hernández J, 2020, PROC LACCEI INT MULTI-CONF ENG EDUC TECHNOL,
   DOI 10.18687/LACCEI2020.1.1.74
TI Student enrollment prospecting by applying a system dynamics model in higher
   education institution; [Prospección de matricula mediante la aplicación del
   modelo de dinámica de sistemas en una institución de educación superior]
AU Michel Legal Hernández J; de Luna AM; Escamilla Garcia PE; Aceves Hernández
   FJ
TC 0
SO PROC LACCEI INT MULTI-CONF ENG EDUC TECHNOL
PY 2020
AB this paper highlights the results obtained by designing a prediction model
   aimed at estimating the enrollment of students per subject in an institution
   of higher education from mexico . to perform the estimation , the system
   dynamics technique was applied using software vensim , version 7.2a . the
   model evaluated the period from august to december 2018 to forecast three
   subjects : linear algebra ( al ) , applied linear programming ( pla ) and
   networks and simulation ( rys ) . the model included the following variables
   : number of classrooms and teachers available . number of students who
   failed and passed in ordinary and extraordinary term . rate of student
   desertion . the main results showed a prediction accuracy percentage of 97 %
   for al , 89 % for pla and 97 % for rys . the prognostic error represented
   3.4 groups in contrast to the prediction certainty of 72.3 groups . this
   research provides a model to forecast reliable data for decision making in
   order to optimize resources . 2020 latin american and caribbean consortium
   of engineering institutions . all rights reserved .
DE enrollment; prediction; probability; system dynamic

---

UT 521
AR Ramchandran N, 2020, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V580, P393, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-32-9119-5_32
TI Market Diffusion Model of Electric Vehicles for Planning Charging
   Infrastructure in India
AU Ramchandran N; Singhvi P; Bansal M
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2020
AB the indian government has set an ambitious goal of having an all_electric
   vehicle fleet by 2030 . however , limiting factors related to technology ,
   market and policy could impede their adoption . the objective of this
   research is to forecast how the diffusion of electric vehicles ( evs ) will
   happen in india and the crucial elements that would influence adoption . the
   research outcomes are expected to help policy makers to optimally phase
   investments and incentives earmarked for public charging infrastructure . '
   bass diffusion model ' has been used as the base for preparing a system
   dynamics model using vensim software to forecast the diffusion of ev ' s
   from 2017 to 2030 . consumer willingness to purchase ev ' s has been
   elicited through a survey conducted among 50 respondents , who drive
   4_wheelers . adoption has been modeled considering the effect of 4
   parameters on consumer willingness to purchase ev , namely_price
   differential between ev ' s and ice vehicles , range , recharge time and
   charging infrastructure density . the model output indicates an s_shaped
   diffusion curve with saturation near the 50th month . out of the four
   parameters , adoption is found to be highly sensitive to charging
   infrastructure density . the paper concludes that there is a high scope of
   optimizing government investment in charging infrastructure which would
   require a detailed view of technical , policy and market related aspects .
   2020 , springer nature singapore pte ltd .
DE consumer willingness; diffusion; electric vehicle; price differential;
   recharge time
ID charging ( batteries ); commerce; diffusion; electric power transmission
   networks; electric vehicles; fleet operations; smart city; smart power
   grids; surveys; bass diffusion model; charging infrastructures; consumer
   willingness; electric vehicles ( evs ); government investment; price
   differential; recharge time; system dynamics model; investments

---

UT 522
AR Asif FMA, 2015, RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL, V101, P20, DOI
   10.1016/j.resconrec.2015.05.002
TI System dynamics models for decision making in product multiple lifecycles
AU Asif FMA; Rashid A; Bianchi C; Nicolescu CM/1
TC 31
SO RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL
PY 2015
AB the main drivers for adopting product multiple lifecycles are to gain
   ecological and economic advantages . however , in most of the cases it is
   not straight forward to estimate the potential ecological and economic gain
   that may result from adopting product multiple lifecycles . even though many
   researchers have concluded that product multiple lifecycles result in gain ,
   there are examples which indicate that the gain is often marginal or even
   none in many cases . the purpose of this research is to develop system
   dynamics models that can assist decision makers in assessing and analyzing
   the potential gain of product multiple lifecycles considering the dynamics
   of material scarcity . the foundation of the research presented in this
   paper is laid based on literature review . system dynamics principles have
   been used for modeling and simulations have been done on stella ithink
   platform . the data used in the models have been extracted from different
   reports published by world steel association and you . s . geological survey
   . some of the data have been assumed based on expert estimation . the data
   on iron ore reserves , iron and steel productions and consumptions have been
   used in the models . this research presents the first system dynamics model
   for decision making in product multiple lifecycles which takes into
   consideration the dynamics of material scarcity . physical unavailability
   and price of material are the two main factors that would drive product
   multiple lifecycles approach and more sustainable decisions can be made if
   it is done by taking holistic system approach over longer time horizon . for
   an enterprise it is perhaps not attractive to conserve a particular type of
   material through product multiple lifecycles approach which is naturally
   abundant but extremely important if the material becomes critical . an
   enterprise could through engineering , proper business model and marketing
   may increase the share of multiple lifecycle products which eventually would
   help the enterprise to reduce its dependency on critical materials . 2015
   elsevier b.v . all rights reserved .
DE material criticality; multiple-lifecycle; resource conservation; resource
   scarcity; resources policy; system dynamic
ID conservation; decision making; digital storage; ecology; economic geology;
   iron ores; natural resources; steelmaking; system theory; iron; holistic
   system approaches; iron and steel productions; modeling and simulations;
   resource conservation; resource scarcity; resources policy; system dynamics;
   us geological surveys; conservation management; decision making; life cycle
   analysis; policy approach; resource scarcity; analytical parameters;
   article; data analysis; decision making; dynamics; engineering;
   environmental protection; iron and steel industry; life cycle assessment;
   material scarcity; materials management; nonbiological model; simulation;
   system dynamics; life cycle

---

UT 523
AR Xia X/1, 2014, APPL MECH MATER, V641-642, P669, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.641-642.669
TI A SD prediction model based on system dynamics of social economy and
   transportation industry
AU Xia X/1; Jiang M-Q
TC 1
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2014
AB this paper uses vensim to establish a sd prediction model of transportation
   and social economy , the model considers passenger transport capacity ,
   cargo capacity , population , gdp and other major factors . base on data in
   nearly ten years , the prediction results verify s_t sd model is ture and
   effective , and get the time_node that the growth rate of passenger capacity
   satisfied the shortage of passenger transport capacity in different
   sensitivity parameter a . ( 2014 ) trans tech publications , switzerland .
DE sd prediction model; social economic; transportation
ID forecasting; hydraulic structures; hydraulics; mathematical models; shore
   protection; transportation; urban growth; passenger capacity; passenger
   transport; prediction model; sensitivity parameters; social economy; social
   economic; system dynamics; transportation industry; freight transportation

---

UT 524
AR Méndez-Giraldo GA, 2016, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V657, P201, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-50880-1_18
TI A dynamic model of logistic management for obtaining activated carbon
AU Méndez-Giraldo GA; Estevez J; Pinto-Anaya C; Ruiz-Vaca J
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2016
AB activated carbon has multiple uses both to meet industrial needs as domestic
   . this grow in the demand has allowed colombian industry to look for organic
   sources for obtaining it . tecsol has advanced more than 20 years of
   research on this field . today , they want to turn their pilot plant used in
   research projects to turn it into an industrial plant . this requires
   ensuring the supply of organic material such as using ovens at maximum
   capacity . as this is a new system , it should estimate the sales potential
   and then determine the best logistics parameters . the developed model uses
   continuous simulation based on the forrester model . the industrial
   dynamical model determines a trade_off between different manufacturing
   resources and its impact on financial results . its implementation in ithink
   can respond to many different questions about the main logistic components
   changing over time . springer international publishing ag 2016 .
DE activated carbon; logistic model; system dynamics
ID activated carbon; economic and social effects; industrial plants; pilot
   plants; continuous simulation; financial results; logistic management;
   logistic models; manufacturing resource; organic materials; organic sources;
   system dynamics; industrial research

---

UT 525
AR Vélez SLP, 2016, INT J ENV WASTE MANAG, V18, P161, DOI
   10.1504/IJEWM.2016.080404
TI System dynamics model for the municipal solid waste management system in the
   metropolitan area of Medellín, Colombia
AU Vélez SLP; Mora NE
TC 9
SO INT J ENV WASTE MANAG
PY 2016
AB this paper analyzes the management of municipal solid waste in the
   metropolitan area of medellin ( colombia ) . the composition and production
   of solid waste , the collection system , the informal and formal sectors in
   the region , the different flows of materials and its final disposal , are
   some topics that have been considered . a basic model for the swm system in
   the city has been developed based on the system dynamics methodology . with
   the help of the vensim ple software , it has been possible to simulate
   different scenarios , such as the implementation of the formalization
   process of the informal waste pickers that are present in the city . the
   generation of waste for the residential sector in aburra valley is 49,115.2
   ton / month , and only 12.5 % of the solid waste produced is reintroduced
   into the production cycle . part of this work is done by approximately 4,474
   waste pickers , but only 10.63 % of them are part of pre_cooperatives or
   cooperatives . the outcomes of the model for the geographical area allow to
   conclude that the inclusion of the informal sector in the municipal solid
   waste management system would imply huge benefits related to the social ,
   economic and environmental aspects of the system . copyright 2016
   inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE informal sector; municipal solid waste; recycling; waste management
ID recycling; system theory; waste disposal; waste management; collection
   systems; environmental aspects; flows of materials; geographical area;
   informal sector; metropolitan area; residential sectors; system dynamics
   model; municipal solid waste

---

UT 526
AR Wang YF, 2018, PROCESS SAF ENV PROT, V114, P271, DOI
   10.1016/j.psep.2018.01.002
TI Probability prediction and cost benefit analysis based on system dynamics
AU Wang YF; Li B/2; Qin T; Zhang B/4
TC 24
SO PROCESS SAF ENV PROT
PY 2018
AB it is known that optimizing the investments on safety to reduce
   probabilities of blowout fire is very challenging due to the complexity of
   operational systems which involve varieties of potential contributors and
   ranges of safety measures . in this paper , a new method to evaluate blowout
   fire prevention and control measures is proposed in a cost effective manner
   . firstly , a dynamic probability prediction model for blowout fire is
   proposed through the system dynamics ( sd ) method . the dynamic probability
   of blowout fire on offshore drilling platform is predicted according to the
   proposed model . secondly , cost_benefit analysis of the corresponding
   safety measures is carried out using sd simulation via vensim software .
   thirdly , a case study of blowout fire probability prediction and the
   cost_benefit analysis of safety investments are demonstrated for some
   offshore drilling platform . the simulation results show that the predicted
   probability of blowout fire on offshore drilling platform increases from
   2.41e6 to 3.997e6 . the probability prediction formula of blowout fire is
   nonlinear fitted to obtain the intrinsic relationship between the
   probability of blowout fire and time . the case study shows that the built
   cost_benefit analysis model can be used to optimize the allocation of safety
   investments . 2018
DE blowout fire; blowout fire of offshore drilling platform; cost benefit
   analysis; dynamic probability prediction; safety investment allocation;
   system dynamics
ID blowout prevention; blowouts; civil defense; computer software; cost
   effectiveness; costs; drilling platforms; fireproofing; fires; forecasting;
   infill drilling; investments; offshore drilling; offshore oil well
   production; predictive analytics; system theory; cost effective; fire
   prevention; operational systems; prediction model; safety investments;
   safety measures; system dynamics; vensim softwares; cost benefit analysis

---

UT 527
AR Huang Y, 2014, INT CONF SERV SYST SERV MANAG ICSSSM - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/ICSSSM.2014.6874069
TI Study on safety stock control based on System Dynamics
AU Huang Y; Wang J/4
TC 2
SO INT CONF SERV SYST SERV MANAG ICSSSM - PROC
PY 2014
AB in order to reduce the safety stock level , improve safety inventory control
   strategy , on the basis of the hypothesis that both the market demand and
   the mean value and variance of lead time meet normal distribution , the
   author proposes safety stock control model on the basis method of system
   dynamics which consider the cost factor . vensim for system simulation
   application to get safety stock level and safety stock accumulation
   increased with the level of customer service , demand uncertainty and cost
   curves . in the end , the author puts forward a number of recommendations to
   optimize safety stock . 2014 ieee .
DE customer service; safety stock; system dynamics; total cost
ID costs; normal distribution; system theory; control model; control
   strategies; customer services; demand uncertainty; safety stock; safety
   stock levels; system dynamics; system simulations; safety factor

---

UT 528
AR Ge H, 2020, PROC IEEE INT CONF ADV ELECTR ENG COMPUT APPL AEECA, P1054, DOI
   10.1109/AEECA49918.2020.9213485
TI Simulation Analysis of Error Transfer in Assembly Process of Mechanical
   Meta-Action Unit
AU Ge H; Wang T/1; Liu B; Liu Y; Yang M/1; Zhang C/3
TC 3
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF ADV ELECTR ENG COMPUT APPL AEECA
PY 2020
AB aiming at the problem that it is difficult to control the mechanical
   assembly error in the process of transmission , this paper presents a
   dynamic model simulation method of error transmission system . by analyzing
   the component structure of worm meta_action assembly unit , combining the
   error source and assembly dimension chain , the corresponding error transfer
   model of mechanical meta_action assembly process is established , and the
   assembly error transfer digraph is constructed . based on the directed graph
   and using vensim_ ple software , the assembly error transfer accumulation
   model under system dynamics is established and simulated . the simulation
   results show that the assembly error transfer accumulation of worm rotating
   meta_action unit is a step_up trend . the comparison between the test
   results and the simulation results shows that the dynamic model of the error
   transfer accumulation system established has a high accuracy . the
   simulation results have a certain practical significance for guiding the
   assembly error control in the transfer process . 2020 ieee .
DE assembly error transfer; meta-action assembly unit; simulation of error
   transfer process
ID assembly; directed graphs; dynamic models; dynamics; errors; transmissions;
   accumulation model; assembly dimension chains; assembly process; component
   structure; mechanical assembly; model simulation; simulation analysis;
   transmission systems; process control

---

UT 529
AR Mo J, 2018, PROC IEEE ADV TECHNOL ELECTRON AUTOM CONTROL CONF IAEAC, P1288,
   DOI 10.1109/IAEAC.2018.8577615
TI Modeling and Simulation of Economic Evaluation of Regional Railway Projects
   in Western China Based on System Dynamics
AU Mo J; Liu X/4
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE ADV TECHNOL ELECTRON AUTOM CONTROL CONF IAEAC
PY 2018
AB the ongoing research establishes the economic evaluation model of the west
   china regional railway projects based on vensim software , then the
   simulation analyzes concerning the model are conducted . being the
   infrastructure of national economy , railway has been playing a vital role
   in economy and social development . therefore , the comprehensive economic
   evaluation comes as a necessity due to the urgent need to guarantee the
   accuracy and scientificity in decision_making process of railway project
   investing . the system dynamics as a tool is associated with local railway
   projects to set up the model , and one of the projects is taken as an
   example to perform the simulation and analysis via vinsem platform . the
   paper mainly focuses on the financial evaluation analysis of the project ,
   through the actual simulation of the project based on the model , a
   comprehensive and dynamic understanding of the profitability , the
   debt_paying ability and the economic reasonability of the project can be
   obtained , additionally , the sensibility of the system is detected to seek
   the key factors that affecting the feasibility of the model . the result
   tells that : the results show that : the model is feasible and effective ,
   the most sensitive factor is freight rate and volume . 2018 ieee .
DE economic evaluation; railway projects; simulation and modeling; system
   dynamics
ID computer software; decision making; economic and social effects; electric
   power system interconnection; railroad plant and structures; railroad
   transportation; railroads; system theory; decision making process; economic
   evaluations; economic reasonability; financial evaluation; railway project;
   simulation and analysis; simulation and modeling; system dynamics; economic
   analysis

---

UT 530
AR Viana J, 2015, PROC WINTER SIMUL CONF, V2015-January, P1585, DOI
   10.1109/WSC.2014.7020010
TI Reflections on two approaches to hybrid simulation in healthcare
AU Viana J
TC 21
SO PROC WINTER SIMUL CONF
PY 2015
AB hybrid simulation , the combination of simulation paradigms to address a
   problem is becoming more popular as the problems we are presented with
   become more complex . this is evidenced by an increase in the number of
   hybrid papers published in specific domains and the number of hybrid
   simulation frameworks being produced across domains . this paper focuses on
   two hybrid simulation models from a healthcare context . the first uses
   system dynamics and discrete_event simulation and was developed using two
   separate software tools ( vensim and simul8 ) . the second uses agent_based
   and discrete_event simulation and was developed in a single software
   environment , anylogic . the reflections on these models add to the debate
   about the viability of hybrid modeling and suggest future steps to support
   the take up of the approach . 2014 ieee .
ID discrete event simulation; health care; software agents; agent-based; hybrid
   modeling; hybrid simulation; simulation paradigm; software environments;
   system dynamics; computer aided software engineering

---

UT 531
AR Tomaskova H, 2019, PROCESS, V7, DOI 10.3390/pr7090582
TI Process cost management of Alzheimer's disease
AU Tomaskova H; Kopecky M; Maresova P
TC 10
SO PROCESS
PY 2019
AB summary : determining the cost of healthcare and social care for patients is
   a crucial issue for many parties . therefore , both public and private
   payments play a decisive role in patient care . the article deals with the
   analysis of the possibilities of the simulation of costs related to
   alzheimer ' s disease . this disease is highly variable , and the cost items
   vary considerably . therefore , it is necessary to use simulation methods .
   the results of simulation models can then be implemented in sophisticated
   methods working with activity costs . findings : models for health and
   social care are specific . no significant re_engineering is expected in this
   area , so the models must be unambiguous and easy to understand for all
   representatives involved . modeling of business processes is thus a suitable
   means for analysis in this area . the process cost calculation is built on
   two simulation models . the first model is the business process model and
   notation ( bpmn ) , the results of which are verified in the system dynamics
   model created in the stock and flow diagram . the simulations results give
   us appropriate values for calculating the total activity_based costs of ad .
   applications : the practical part of this article deals with the
   identification of costs related to alzheimer ' s disease and their
   allocation concerning remedies . based on this information , models for
   alzheimer ' s disease process cost management are developed . results : the
   bpmn simulation was performed for 100 passes through a fixed_length phase
   process . the duration of each phase was set at 48 , 108 , and 40 months .
   five simulations were set up , each mini_mental state examination ( mmse )
   score set , which affected the passage through the process . software stella
   professional was used for simulations for constant mmse score values for the
   home and facility options . the values are as follows : mmse 5 = 1331.26 e (
   1627.72 ) . mmse 15 = 1202.72 ( 1102.02 ) . mmse 25 = 1051.24 ( 848.91 e ) .
   conclusions : both ad models created in this article produce comparable
   results , although each of them works on a different principle . the results
   are based on the selection of original data , and at the same time , these
   models point to the processes and subprocesses that lead to the costs . the
   description , specifications , and possible values of partial costs are
   crucial knowledge for persons in the management functions of public
   administration and self_government in the area of finance and management not
   in the field of specific diseases . 2019 by the authors .
DE alzheimer disease; bpmn; process cost management; simulation; system
   dynamics

---

UT 532
AR Yang X/2, 2013, TUMU GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V46, P119
TI Study on green residential building market simulation method based on system
   dynamics
AU Yang X/2; Wu Y/4
TC 5
SO TUMU GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2013
AB under increasingly serious resource and environmental crisis , green
   residential building is more and more concerned by the government and will
   dominates the development of real estate companies . firstly , the
   definitions of green housing and green housing market are given , and the
   demand subsystem , decision_making subsystem and government behaviors
   subsystem are established based on systematic analysis . then causal
   feedback relationships are analyzed and flow chart of the system is drawn .
   next , vensim ple software is used to simulate , forecast and analyze the
   green residential building market in nanjing . the analysis results shows
   that the future market will keep developing , get acceptance from consumers
   , own some market share and finally keep stable . at last , some
   measurements and suggestions on the market development are put forward .
   this simulation results are helpful to forecast different development stages
   of green housing market and provide a reference to the decisions of
   governments and real estate companies .
DE green residential building market; market simulation and forcast; system
   dynamics
ID competition; decision making; housing; industry; system theory; development
   stages; environmental crisis; forcast; green residential buildings; market
   development; real estate companies; system dynamics; systematic analysis;
   commerce

---

UT 533
AR Turner BL, 2016, NAT RESOUR MODEL, V29, P179, DOI 10.1111/nrm.12087
TI Development And Evaluation of a System Dynamics Model for Investigating
   Agriculturally Driven Land Transformation in the North Central United States
AU Turner BL; Wuellner M; Nichols T; Gates R; Tedeschi LO; Dunn BH
TC 16
SO NAT RESOUR MODEL
PY 2016
AB land transformation from grassland to cropland in the northern great plains
   ( ngp ) has become a growing concern among many stakeholders . a growing
   body of work has sought to determine the amount and rate of land use change
   with less emphasis on the systemic structures or feedback processes of land
   use decisions . this paper presents the development of a system dynamics
   simulation model to integrate ecological , economic , and social components
   influencing land use decisions , including cattle ranching , cropland
   production , rural communities , land quality , and public policies .
   evaluation indicated that the model satisfactorily predicted historical land
   , agricultural commodity , and rural community data from the model structure
   . reference modes for key variables , including the farmland area , were
   characterized by a bias correction of 0.999 , root mean squared error of
   prediction of 0.053 , r2 of 0.921 , and concordance correlation coefficient
   of 0.0959. the model was robust under extreme and varying sensitivity tests
   , as well as adequately predicting land use under changing system context .
   the model ' s major contributions were the inclusion of decision_making
   feedbacks from economic and social signals with connectivity to land quality
   and elasticity values that drive land transformation . limitations include
   lack of spatial input and output capabilities useful for visual interfacing
   . 2016 wiley periodicals , inc .
DE computer simulation; land transformation; model calibration; model
   development; model evaluation; northern great plains; system dynamics;
   vensim
ID agriculture; decision making; digital storage; economic and social effects;
   landforms; mean square error; rural areas; system theory; land quality; land
   transformation; land use decisions; model calibration; model development;
   model evaluation; northern great plains; rural community; system dynamics;
   vensim; land use

---

UT 534
AR Poornikoo M, 2019, J MODEL MANAG, V14, P610, DOI 10.1108/JM2-04-2018-0045
TI System dynamics modeling with fuzzy logic application to mitigate the
   bullwhip effect in supply chains
AU Poornikoo M; Qureshi MA
TC 22
SO J MODEL MANAG
PY 2019
AB purpose : a plethora of studies focused on the because and solutions for the
   bullwhip effect , and consequently many have successfully experimented to
   dampen the effect . however , the feasibility of such studies and the actual
   contribution for supply chain performance are yet up for debate . this paper
   aims to fill this gap by providing a holistic system_based perspective and
   proposes a fuzzy logic decision_making implementation for a single_product ,
   three_echelon and multi_period supply chain system to mitigate such effect .
   design / methodology / approach : this study uses system dynamics ( sd ) as
   the central modeling method for which vensim is used as a tool for hybrid
   simulation . further , the authors used matlab for undertaking fuzzy logic
   modeling and constructing a fuzzy inference system that is later on
   incorporated into sd model for interaction with the main supply chain
   structure . findings : this research illustrated the usefulness of fuzzy
   estimations based on experts ' linguistically and logically defined
   parameters instead of relying merely on the traditional demand forecasting
   based on time series . despite the increased complexity of the calculations
   and structure of the fuzzy model , the bullwhip effect has been considerably
   decreased resulting in an improved supply chain performance . practical
   implications : this dynamic modeling approach is not only useful in supply
   chain management but also the model developed for this study can be
   integrated into a corporate financial planning model . further , this model
   enables optimization for an automated system in a company , where
   decision_makers can adjust the fuzzy variables according to various
   situations and inventory policies . originality / value : this study
   presents a systemic approach to deal with uncertainty and vagueness in
   dynamic models , which might be a major because in generating the bullwhip
   effect . for this purpose , the combination between fuzzy set theory and
   system dynamics is a significant step forward . 2019 , emerald publishing
   limited .
DE bullwhip effect; fuzzy logic; simulation; supply chain; system dynamics

---

UT 535
AR Wei M, 2018, INT CONF LOGIST INFORMATICS SERV SCI LISS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/LISS.2018.8593268
TI Simulation of Knowledge Transfer within the Project Team
AU Wei M; Ren X/1; Hao S
TC 1
SO INT CONF LOGIST INFORMATICS SERV SCI LISS - PROC
PY 2018
AB this paper analyzes the impact of knowledge transfer subjects ' motivation ,
   capacity and cultural difference on project knowledge transfer from the
   perspective of the knowledge sender and knowledge receiver . based on this ,
   we construct a system dynamics model of project knowledge transfer and
   conduct the validity test and sensitivity analysis of the model by vensim
   ple software . the simulation result shows that the knowledge transfer
   motivation and expression capacity of the knowledge sender can promote
   knowledge transmission and reception in the project team , while knowledge
   transfer motivation and absorptive capacity of the knowledge receiver only
   affect knowledge reception . meanwhile , the positive effect of knowledge
   innovation capacity of the both sides and the negative effect of cultural
   difference on project knowledge transmission and reception are also proved .
   2018 ieee .
DE capacity; cultural difference; knowledge transfer; knowledge transfer
   subject; motivation; project
ID informatics; motivation; sensitivity analysis; software testing; capacity;
   cultural difference; knowledge innovation; knowledge transfer; knowledge
   transmissions; project; simulation of knowledge; system dynamics model;
   knowledge management

---

UT 536
AR Singh R, 2016, KYBERNETES, V45, P411, DOI 10.1108/K-05-2014-0111
TI System dynamics to turnaround an Indian microfinance institution
AU Singh R; Bhar C
TC 4
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2016
AB purpose the purpose of this paper is to present a policy comparison tool for
   indian microfinance institutions ( mfis ) so that they can choose the best
   policy for implementation . it provides for turnaround of a troubled mfi by
   analyzing the performance of different policies . design / methodology /
   approach the paper has done a web survey to identify the need of a strategic
   tool for mfi . it has built a decision support system ( dss ) using system
   dynamics . a corporate model of mfi has been constructed using ithink 10.0.2
   software . a quantitative validity test has been done to find the robustness
   of the model . finally four policies are tested and the performance
   indicators have been used to suggest the best policy . apart from this dss
   is used to test the implementation range of a policy . findings ' '
   integration of microfinance with country ' s mainstream financial system
   along with provisioning 1 percent of outstanding loans ' ' is recommended
   for the mfi as this will increase the financial performance . research
   limitations / implications in its present form the corporate model developed
   for mfi is not applicable for judging social performance . therefore mfis
   might be skeptic toward it . however , incorporation of certain performance
   indicators such as financial_self_sufficiency ratio might help in overcoming
   this reluctance . practical implications ' ' integration of microfinance
   with country ' s mainstream financial system along with restricting
   provision ' ' will generate better performance for the mfi . therefore this
   policy should be implemented by the mfi . there are other considerations
   which need to be taken into account while implementing this policy . the
   integration may require outsourcing of certain operations to banks ,
   utilization of bank branches to disseminate knowledge related to the conduct
   of transactions , usage of customized bank software to handle the day_to_day
   business , development of new softwares for mobile messaging to help poor
   customers avail of schemes run by the banks , fill loan application forms
   online , send reminders for loan recovery . provide incentives such as
   upgradation of poor customers to become regular customers of banks . social
   implications by improving the health of the mfi a bigger goal to reach the
   poor will be achieved in the long run . the mfi has around five million
   clients at present and if the company becomes insolvent then the future of
   these clients is going to be impacted . the organization has interacted
   closely with these clients and therefore knows how to upgrade their
   financial state . originality / value the tool is first of its kind in the
   microfinance industry . so far the microfinance technology providers have
   dealt with management information system and information and communication
   technology . the tool has been built to present a quantitative model for
   overall operations of the mfi . the simulation of this model helps in
   predicting future scenarios . 2016 , emerald group publishing limited .
DE microfinance; system dynamics
ID application programs; artificial intelligence; benchmarking; decision
   support systems; information management; integration; sales; system theory;
   decision support system ( dss ); design/methodology/approach; information
   and communication technologies; microfinance; microfinance technologies;
   performance indicators; quantitative modeling; system dynamics; finance

---

UT 537
AR Gaikwad SM/1, 2016, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V379, P743, DOI
   10.1007/978-81-322-2517-1_71
TI System dynamics modeling for analyzing recovery rate of diabetic patients by
   mapping sugar content in ice cream and sugar intake for the day
AU Gaikwad SM/1; Joshi RR; Mulay P
TC 6
SO ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT
PY 2016
AB ice cream is a complex colloidal system , usually formed by structural
   compounds viz . , air bubbles , fat , and ice crystals which are dispersed
   in a matrix consisting of a solution of sugars , proteins , stabilizers ,
   emulsifiers , dyes , and scents . this paper presents system dynamics model
   based on the vensim tool and this model contains equations derived for
   diabetic and non_diabetic patients and common health conscious people as
   well . very effectual results have been obtained from the derived model
   suggesting best suitable ice cream for mapping diabetes patients , which is
   different from health conscious people and normal crowd . springer india
   2016 .
DE diabetic patient; ice cream; system dynamics; vensim simulation

---

UT 538
AR Uludag S, 2018, IEEE TECHNOL ENG MANAG CONF TEMSCON, DOI
   10.1109/TEMSCON.2018.8488408
TI Systems thinking, a modelling tool for managing change in a mining
   environment
AU Uludag S; Pretorius L
TC 1
SO IEEE TECHNOL ENG MANAG CONF TEMSCON
PY 2018
AB in a complex mining environment sub processes are interlinked and dependent
   on each other . at each step of mining the actions of one heavily impact on
   the next process . the objective of this paper is to review the current
   mining environment and demonstrate whether it is possible to simulate a big
   surface mine in order to determine the impact of new technology or change of
   processes . the paper will discuss the approach taken to simulate the
   current and the future conditions . for this study , an openpit mine has
   been selected where iron ore is the only commodity . the initial aim of the
   broader study was to justify the need for drill rig automation in big mines
   and determine the value creation by means of simulation techniques . this
   paper will present the conceptual model developed to justify the need for
   automation specifically in the drilling process . the tool selected to
   achieve the objective is a system dynamics tool called vensim . the process
   of creating the model and the logic behind the system dynamics is discussed
   . the conceptual model is presented with important focus areas in such a
   modeling attempt . each mining process can be represented with stock and
   flow diagrams . the connections between each level is used to define the
   behavior of the system . a system will respond with three types of behavior
   . reaction , response and action . while reaction is sufficient , response
   is necessary when reaction is not sufficient . when this fails too , a
   change is required which is called an action . all these responses have a
   goal toward state_maintaining , goal_seeking and purposeful systems .
   state_maintaining systems often react to changes to maintain the state . a
   goal_seeking system is the one responds differently to a sequence of events
   until it reaches its purpose . a purposeful system can produce results in
   the same as well as different environments [ 5 ] . 2018 ieee .
DE conceptual modeling; mine simulation; mining; system dynamics; value
ID drilling rigs; infill drilling; iron ores; mining; conceptual model; mining
   environments; new technologies; purposeful systems; sequence of events;
   simulation technique; system dynamics; value; system theory

---

UT 539
AR Wang J/1, 2019, INT CONF MANAG ICIM, P34, DOI 10.1109/INFOMAN.2019.8714673
TI Research on Dynamic Model of Interorganizational Information System
   Diffusion Based on System Dynamics
AU Wang J/1; Zhang X/12; Li C/3
TC 1
SO INT CONF MANAG ICIM
PY 2019
AB the diffusion of interorganizational information system is a dynamic process
   . studying the dynamic changes of iois from a macro perspective can not only
   promote the further spread of iois , but also have guiding significance for
   enterprises to adopt iois . we used the system dynamics method to construct
   the dynamic model of iois diffusion , used the sensitivity analysis method
   to carry out the model test , and selected vensim to carry out the system
   simulation for the model . the simulation results shown that government
   policy support and guidance , bank loan ability , impact of adoption
   organizations , university ( scientific research institution ) support and
   support of software companies have different degrees of influence on iois
   diffusion . 2019 ieee .
DE diffusion; inter-organizational information system ( iois ); model
   simulation; system dynamics
ID computer software; dynamic models; information management; information
   systems; information use; sensitivity analysis; system theory; dynamic
   process; guiding significances; inter-organizational information system;
   model simulation; scientific researches; software company; system dynamics;
   system simulations; diffusion

---

UT 540
AR Qi S-J, 2011, XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO, V43, P665
TI Study on influence mechanism of real estate market tacking account of the
   second hand housing transaction under macro-control policy
AU Qi S-J; Zhang Y-B
TC 0
SO XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2011
AB for different income groups , new house and second hand house comprise the
   real estate market classified hierarchically . the second hand house
   transaction can divert the demand from the new house market , and curb the
   new house demand and price in short term , but it adds the new house demand
   from the sellers of the second hand house in the long run , which promotes
   the new house market . the interactive mechanism among the real estate
   market , the second hand house transaction and its policy intervention was
   analyzed with system dynamics , and the dynamic mechanism and dynami model
   was set up . the dynamic model runs in vensim ple software using the data
   from xiamen . the coefficient of the intervention policy of second_hand
   housing transaction was chosen as the control variable for simulation , and
   the influence degree of different policy scenarios on real estate market was
   analyzed . three types of effective and positive countermeasures were
   proposed to advice xiamen government to curb the excessive price increases
   and promote the development of relevant industries .
DE dynamical mechanism; dynamical model; influence mechanism; macro-control
   policy; real estate market; second hand house

---

UT 541
AR Peterková J, 2011, PROC INT CARPATHIAN CONTROL CONF ICCC, P298, DOI
   10.1109/CarpathianCC.2011.5945867
TI Simulation model applied to food industry
AU Peterková J; Němčík P; Gottfried J
TC 2
SO PROC INT CARPATHIAN CONTROL CONF ICCC
PY 2011
AB contemporary enterprise strategy has to be based on enterprise ' s system
   supporting enterprise ' s innovation potential ( enterprise innovation
   infrastructure ) . the foundations of entrepreneurship should follow new
   philosophy : ' ' innovate or die ' ' . the aim of the paper is to point out
   important links between enterprise ' s innovation potential and its
   competitiveness simulated on vensim software . mathematical instruments were
   used for creation of innovative management model , which displays how firms
   gain a competitive advantage on a market due to innovation . the developed
   model is applied in a food industry , especially freezing firms and
   capturing their basic characteristics . 2011 ieee .
DE ice cream market; innovation potential; management simulators; system
   dynamics
ID commerce; thermal processing ( foods ); basic characteristics; competitive
   advantage; enterprise strategies; ice creams; innovation infrastructures;
   innovation potential; management simulators; system dynamics; competition

---

UT 542
AR Mekki S, 2012, CAIRO INT BIOMED ENG CONF CIBEC, P104, DOI
   10.1109/CIBEC.2012.6473299
TI A system dynamics based model for medical equipment maintenance procedure
   planning in developing countries
AU Mekki S; Wahed MA; Wahba KK; Ouda BK
TC 6
SO CAIRO INT BIOMED ENG CONF CIBEC
PY 2012
AB clinical engineering ( ce ) department activities include acquisition ,
   maintenance of medical instrumentation , health technology assessment ,
   medical informatics , and risk management . in this work the authors focus
   on maintenance activities in developing countries where there is a lack of
   acquisition planning , assessment , budgeting planning , and critical
   equipment breakdown . in the past decade there has been an explosion in the
   use of system dynamics modeling in healthcare . in this paper a system
   dynamics based model for medical equipment maintenance is designed . it
   incorporates 8 key variables that influence the progress of medical
   equipment maintenance . this model shows the effect of changing a key
   variable on the others . this model is intended to maximize the quality and
   to minimize the cost and time of medical equipment maintenance . this is
   developed in a causal loop diagram , which is a because and effect diagram .
   ithink software has been used in the development of this model , together
   with vensim in the development of the causal loop diagram . the results show
   that the critical variables for maintenance are the defect rate , breakdown
   rate , and maintenance cost . in conclusion the medical equipment
   maintenance cost determines the decision for acquiring new equipment . the
   type and number of equipment to be acquired is determined according to the
   available budget . 2012 ieee .
DE medical equipment maintenance; simulation model; system dynamics
ID budget control; computer simulation; developing countries; health care;
   maintenance; mergers and acquisitions; risk management; system theory;
   cause-and-effect diagram; health technology assessments; maintenance
   activity; medical equipment maintenance; medical instrumentation; simulation
   model; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; biomedical equipment

---

UT 543
AR Li L-L, 2017, ZHONGGUO HUANJING KEXUE, V37, P4388
TI Dynamic simulation of policy implications for the water resources carrying
   capacity of megacities
AU Li L-L; Xu L-Y
TC 6
SO ZHONGGUO HUANJING KEXUE
PY 2017
AB water resources in the megacities could be affected by policies under
   certain circumstances , especially the water shortage cities in north china
   . a dynamic model of water resources carrying capacity ( wrcc ) integrated
   with policy , water resource , economic and population indicators was built
   using stella software . the model was based on the method of system dynamics
   to simulate the response characteristics of wrcc with or without policy
   interventionsandtake beijing as a case study . the results showed that the
   south to north water diversion policy will bring an early water security
   state in beijing for twenty years in advance , which reflects that the water
   resources in megacities are strongly affected by human intervention . the
   optimum point of water transfer is 1.6 billion cubic meters . beyond that ,
   the effects of increasing water_transfer will be diminishing . contribution
   in drought year is more prominent . the evaluation results can provide
   reference for the optimization of the water resources between north and
   south , and help to ensure the water security of the megacities . 2017 ,
   editorial board of china environmental science . all right reserved .
DE beijing; megacity; policy control; system dynamics; water resources carrying
   capacity
ID flood control; public policy; system theory; water supply; beijing;
   megacities; policy control; system dynamics; water resources carrying
   capacities; water resources

---

UT 544
AR Wang Z/5, 2018, SIMUL, V94, P943, DOI 10.1177/0037549717746750
TI Evaluating transportation infrastructure investment on a regional level: a
   system dynamics simulation
AU Wang Z/5; Zhang Y/10; Lian L; Chu C
TC 10
SO SIMUL
PY 2018
AB transportation infrastructure investment ( tii ) has significant influence
   on regional economic development . this paper aims to measure the potential
   economic impact of tii and to help policymakers to evaluate different
   alternatives and strategies at the regional level through a system dynamics
   ( sd ) approach . first , an sd model is established to simulate the impact
   of tii on the economy and employment . the relationship between
   transportation investments and economic development is examined and the
   relevant employment and economic indicators are identified . second , the
   variables , flow diagrams , and structural equations of the sd model are
   defined . third , the program vensim is employed to establish the sd model
   with economy , transportation , and employment subsystems . it is then
   calibrated based on the historical statistics data in liaoning province ,
   china . finally , scenario analysis of different transportation investment
   plans is presented . the results will help investors , policymakers , and
   government agencies to estimate the potential outcomes of proposed
   transportation investment plans and to further develop optimal policies for
   transportation investment . the author ( s ) 2018 .
DE economics; employment; impact evaluation; system dynamics; transportation
   infrastructure investment; vensim
ID economic and social effects; economics; employment; regional planning;
   system theory; economic development; impact evaluation; regional economic
   development; system dynamics; system dynamics simulation; transportation
   infrastructures; transportation investments; vensim; investments

---

UT 545
AR Novotny A, 2017, PROC INT BUS MANAG ASSOC CONF IBIMA - VIS SUSTAIN ECON DEV
   INNOV MANAG GLOB GROWTH, V2017-January, P2544
TI Some aspects of system dynamics application in czech defence strategic
   management
AU Novotny A; Procházka D
TC 0
SO PROC INT BUS MANAG ASSOC CONF IBIMA - VIS SUSTAIN ECON DEV INNOV MANAG GLOB
   GROWTH
PY 2017
AB the article deals with the topic of system dynamics application in strategic
   management . after several years of reducing of the czech defense budget
   there is a reversal and the czech ministry of defense begins to manage the
   increased budget . this represents a new challenge and opportunity . one of
   the instruments , how to reach new capabilities , is application of system
   dynamics . the application of systemic dynamics to the problem of military
   capabilities is given by the very nature of the process of building military
   capabilities . some aspects of capability and equipment life cycles and
   human resources or personnel development are discussed . application of
   system dynamics to military personnel career policy is demonstrated by means
   of simulation in vensim application . 2017 international business
   information management association ibima . all rights reserved .
DE defense policy; dynamic system; strategic management; vensim
ID budget control; dynamical systems; information management; strategic
   planning; sustainable development; system theory; czech ministry of
   defenses; defense budgets; defense policy; military capability; military
   personnels; personnel development; strategic management; vensim; economic
   and social effects

---

UT 546
AR Golroudbary SR, 2015, SIMUL MODEL PR THEORY, V53, P88, DOI
   10.1016/j.simpat.2015.02.001
TI System dynamics model for optimizing the recycling and collection of waste
   material in a closed-loop supply chain
AU Golroudbary SR; Zahraee SM
TC 129
SO SIMUL MODEL PR THEORY
PY 2015
AB abstract to meet the immediate environmental challenges and sustainable
   development , closed_loop supply chain ( clsc ) management has become
   increasingly important and urgent . this is in lieu with some severe
   problems such as global ecological damage , resource wastages and shortages
   and pollution of the environment , and discretionary exploitation of natural
   resources . on the other hand , re_manufacturing of used merchandise and
   bringing them back to the market provides environmental and customer
   benefits to original equipment manufacturers ( oems ) , in addition to
   cutting back their production cost . this paper aims at evaluating the
   system behavior of an electrical manufacturing company as a case of study ,
   by using system dynamics ( sd ) simulating of closed_loop supply chain (
   clsc ) . vensim ple software developed the simulation model . based on the
   initial result , customer satisfaction and green image factor ( gif ) are
   lacking in the system . therefore , to tackle this issue , an improvement
   model with a collection center was proposed . results derived from the
   improved model presented a data of which the demand backlog level fell by
   21.19 % . furthermore , the customer satisfaction in the system rose by 21.6
   % . in addition , as a result of an increase in gif level from 14.80 % to
   48.1 % , the return products rate rose from 184 items to 614. the method in
   this research can be used to investigate a variety of clsc systems and their
   effects before implementing them in real life . 2015 elsevier b.v . all
   rights reserved .
DE closed-loop supply chain; optimization; sustainability; system dynamics
ID chains; computer software; customer satisfaction; cutting equipment;
   manufacture; optimization; sales; supply chains; system theory; closed-loop
   supply chain; closed-loop supply chains ( clsc ); ecological damage;
   environmental challenges; manufacturing companies; original equipment
   manufacturers; system dynamics; system dynamics model; sustainable
   development

---

UT 547
AR Yan B, 2017, SIMUL, V93, P973, DOI 10.1177/0037549717706169
TI Multi-level two-way cross-chain inventory coordination model that combines
   the same level with different levels in multi-supply chains
AU Yan B; Cai C-Y; Shi P
TC 2
SO SIMUL
PY 2017
AB a cross_chain inventory emergency replenishment model that comprises the
   enterprises of manufacturers , wholesalers , and retailers at the same level
   and at different levels based on a co_opetition relationship in cluster
   supply chains is constructed in this work . the model is built by studying
   two three_level supply chains that each comprises manufacturers ,
   wholesalers , and retailers using the system dynamics method . subsequently
   , the proposed cross_chain inventory collaboration model is compared with
   currently available models and then simulated using the system dynamics
   simulation software vensim . simulation results show that the proposed model
   further improves existing theoretical research achievements in the field
   both locally and abroad , thereby advancing theoretical research on
   cross_chain inventory collaboration . this study also provides
   decision_making references for the practice of inventory collaboration among
   enterprises in industrial clusters . 2017 author ( s ) .
DE cross-chain; emergency complementary; inventory; multi-supply chain; supply
   chain management; system dynamics
ID decision making; manufacture; supply chain management; system theory;
   cluster supply chain; collaboration models; emergency complementary;
   inventory; inventory coordination; system dynamics; system dynamics
   simulation; theoretical research; computer software

---

UT 548
AR Rastova YuI, 2018, MANAG SCI, V8, P20, DOI 10.26794/2404-022X-2018-8-3-20-31
TI Strategic management of a modern organization: Concept synergy effect;
   [стратегическое управление современной организацией: эффект синергии
   концепций]
AU Rastova YuI; Rastov MA
TC 4
SO MANAG SCI
PY 2018
AB the article states that in the management theory there is a contrast between
   the concepts of effective corporate governance and the management of
   business processes , while the process approach solves a number of problems
   of improving the model and practice of corporate governance . the purpose of
   the study is to demonstrate the sources of synergies from the implementation
   of strategic management using the principles , models and tools of the
   process approach . the methodological basis of this article is the
   presentation of a balanced scorecard ( bsc ) as the business process
   framework for strategic management of the company , and the bsc tools_the
   strategic map and key performance indicators_as attributes of its maturity
   assessment in accordance with the requirements of the iso /iec 15504 series
   standards , its measurement and control , respectively . in the article
   results of an estimation of experts of economic services of some companies
   of practice of application of key indicators of efficiency and strategic
   cards from positions of process efficiency are resulted . a number of
   proposals are formulated to develop the methodology and improve the practice
   of applying a balanced system of indicators in the management of a modern
   organization through process efficiency tools_the system dynamics model ,
   statistical process control and reliability management . the importance of
   transforming the strategic map into a full_scale because_effect diagram is
   emphasized by including in the model feedback loops and supplementing it
   with formal flow diagrams , as well as a system of differential equations
   using automated systems and graphic and visual modeling languages ( elma bpm
   , dynamo , ithink ) . at the same time , the practice of statistical
   verification and measuring the possible consequences of strategic decisions
   and the ' ' processing ' ' of risk should be formed . formation of the
   information_logical structure of strategic management of the company using
   the model and tools of the process approach will allow to formalize its
   procedures and results , providing prerequisites for efficiency and
   continuous improvement , achieving a new level of competitiveness and
   relationships with owners , personnel , and the market . 2018 informs inst .
   for operations res . and the management sciences . all rights reserved .
DE balanced scorecard; business process management; corporate governance;
   strategic management; system dynamics
ID automation; benchmarking; differential equations; efficiency; human resource
   management; iso standards; modeling languages; statistical process control;
   strategic planning; visual languages; continuous improvements; key
   performance indicators; measurement and control; reliability management;
   statistical verification; system dynamics model; system of differential
   equations; visual modeling languages; information management

---

UT 549
AR Saryazdi AHG, 2018, INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG, V35, P1445, DOI
   10.1108/IJQRM-05-2017-0102
TI Waste management in a wire and cable company through system dynamics
   approach
AU Saryazdi AHG; Ghavidel M
TC 3
SO INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG
PY 2018
AB purpose : the purpose of this paper is to investigate the dynamics of waste
   production in the product structure of a wire and cable manufacturing
   company that deals with a high_volume waste and proposes strategies that
   reduce product costs . design / methodology / approach : the methodology for
   this research is descriptive and expressive modeling in a way that theories
   of research have been extracted from literature and field studies have been
   done based on the company specialists ' views . the system dynamics has been
   used to analyze and model waste in a wire and cable firm . findings :
   applying sd approach in the paper not only helps to identify the structure
   of producing the waste , which is complicated and dynamic , but also
   proposes ways to reduce them and illustrate the applied results . the second
   outcome shows that in the waste management there should be a digression in a
   managerial view to the systematic thought . in the other word as in the
   system dynamic approach , the expansion of the model boundary is one of the
   objectives to find appropriate solution . the behavior model showed that in
   the waste management the most effective way to reduce the waste is to buy
   qualified raw material which is out of the firm . originality / value : this
   paper not only shows that the system dynamic approach is appropriate for the
   waste management problems which are complicated and dynamic but also proved
   that in the waste management system the solutions are not always near or
   within the firm . they should be identified by a systematic approach . 2018
   , emerald publishing limited .
DE system dynamics approach; vensim software; waste management

---

UT 550
AR Li M/5, 2014, COMPUT BIOL MED, V47, P58, DOI
   10.1016/j.compbiomed.2013.09.024
TI The problem of unreasonably high pharmaceutical fees for patients in Chinese
   hospitals: A system dynamics simulation model
AU Li M/5; Zhu Y/4; Xue C; Liu Y; Zhang L/6
TC 15
SO COMPUT BIOL MED
PY 2014
AB the social problem of unreasonably high pharmaceutical costs for patients in
   chinese hospitals damages the interests of patients and it has a highly
   negative impact on the long_term development of the chinese health service .
   we constructed a system dynamics model to address two problems , i . e . ,
   the unreasonably high prices of drugs and the high level of pharmaceutical
   fees relative to the medical costs of patients , and we suggest
   countermeasures and possible solutions . the program vensim dss was used to
   construct a system dynamics model to represent the problem of high
   pharmaceutical fees for patients in chinese hospitals . if hospital and
   medical staff receive a higher kickback rate , they are more likely to
   prescribe unnecessary expensive drugs to make greater profits , which
   results in unnecessary drug consumption and irrational drug use , eventually
   leading to unreasonably high pharmaceutical fees . the benefit chain of the
   main drug suppliers should be cut off . it is necessary to break the link
   between the profits from pharmaceutical sales and the prescribing behavior
   of physicians , and hospital incomes , to avoid any conflicts of interest
   over how medicines are prescribed . thus , cost_containment measures and a
   reformed pharmaceutical distribution system are needed to regulate
   physicians and hospital interaction . 2013 the authors .
ID china; computer simulation; delivery of health care; fees pharmaceutical;
   fraud; hospitals; humans; physicians; prescriptions

---

UT 551
AR Kukartsev VV, 2018, INT RUSS AUTOM CONF RUSAUTOCON, DOI
   10.1109/RUSAUTOCON.2018.8501776
TI The simulation model of fixed assets reproduction of mechanical engineering
   enterprises
AU Kukartsev VV; Boyko AA/1; Antamoshkin OA
TC 20
SO INT RUSS AUTOM CONF RUSAUTOCON
PY 2018
AB this article represents a description of the model of a reproduction of
   fixed assets ( fa ) of the enterprise in natural form , which is a tool for
   automating the process of developing a strategy for the progress of a
   machine_building enterprise fixed assets . the process of reproduction of
   the enterprise ' s fa is a socio_economic , complex , artificial ,
   controlled , dynamic , discrete_continuous , stochastic , and open system .
   the methodology of system analysis was applied to analyze systems of this
   class , using the principles as follows : purposefulness , detachment ,
   decomposition , functionality , and development . these principles of system
   analysis are formalized in the form of a complex of various models such as
   canonical . hierarchical . the composition of system elements . internal
   structure . functioning and development of the system . this article also
   shows an imitation_dynamic model of the reproduction of machines and
   equipment of a machine_building enterprise . the model is developed on the
   basis of the method of system dynamics and tools of powersim studio , which
   is integrated into the widely used erp system sap r/3 . the model shown is
   basic and simulates the process of reproducing equipment in natural form .
   the model was used as an automation tool for researching various variants of
   the reproduction of machines and equipment in a machine_building enterprise
   . the research done allows drawing a conclusion that the built
   simulation_dynamic model is quite universal and on its basis , it is
   possible to do various researches concerning various aspects of reproduction
   of the equipment of the enterprises . 2018 ieee .
DE machine building enterprises; reproduction of fixed assets; system dynamics
ID dynamic models; enterprise resource planning; stochastic systems; system
   theory; systems analysis; automation tools; engineering enterprise; fixed
   assets; imitation dynamics; internal structure; machine building enterprise;
   simulation model; system dynamics; automation

---

UT 552
AR Ma K, 2016, INT J SIMUL SYST SCI TECHNOL, V17, P16.1, DOI
   10.5013/IJSSST.a.17.01.16
TI Competitive products’ diffusion behavior considering cost learning effect
   based on system dynamics
AU Ma K; Liu G; Ma J; Zhang D/3; Zhao Y/3
TC 0
SO INT J SIMUL SYST SCI TECHNOL
PY 2016
AB bass model , the most representative accomplishment in the field of product
   diffusion , is built on a series of assumptions which seriously limit the
   applied range of the model . this paper improves bass model so that it could
   be applied to competitive products . also , this paper presents an
   expression of the analytical form of product margins . by taking the unit
   variable cost ' s learning effect into consideration , its impacts on
   product gains was analyzed and proved theoretically . the traditional
   mathematical model being utilized to describe the product diffusion
   procedure was converted into system dynamics model . the validity of the
   model was proved qualitatively through the simulation by harnessing vensim
   software . besides , sensitivity analysis of variants was conducted to
   explore the typical parameters and to see in which way they would have
   influence on the model . variable analysis and the results of model
   simulation further reflect the interactions and system structural
   characteristics of various factors which have a bearing on the product
   diffusion . the structural properties are thoroughly studied , thus provide
   a solid base for setting the strategies concerning product development and
   diffusion process . 2016 , uk simulation society . all rights reserved .
DE learning effect; modeling; product diffusion; simulation; system dynamics
ID computer software; models; sensitivity analysis; system theory; diffusion
   behavior; learning effects; product diffusion; simulation; structural
   characteristics; system dynamics; system dynamics model; variable analysis;
   diffusion

---

UT 553
AR Java O, 2020, BALT J MOD COMP, V8, P379, DOI 10.22364/BJMC.2020.8.3.01
TI Hydrological model for decision-making: Männikjärve bog case study, Estonia
AU Java O; Kohv M; Lõhmus A
TC 3
SO BALT J MOD COMP
PY 2020
AB in order to support the conservation of bog ecosystem over its geographic
   range and its genetic diversity , marginal areas of lower quality as a
   result of damage or degradation which abut active raised bogs may need to be
   included , protected and , where practicable , regenerated . there are very
   few intact or near_intact raised bogs in europe , except in finland and
   sweden where active raised bogs are the predominant mire complex type in
   hemiboreal and southern boreal regions ( european commission , 2013 ) . leaf
   area index is an important parameter as it emblematize vegetation . after
   the construction of drainage , bogs usually become overgrown with trees ,
   the restoration of the ecosystem requires vegetation manipulation . there
   are many degraded bogs in estonia and latvia that have overgrown with trees
   , and this type of simulation model would help to calculate the right tree
   cutting intensity to reduce the impact of evaporation and interception of
   trees on the water balance of the bog , thereby contributing to the
   restoration of the bogs . this article describes the case study of
   mannikjarve ' s bog where system dynamics simulation model for
   decision_making , built in stella architect environment , was validated .
   2020 fundacao getulio vargas . all rights reserved .
DE bog restoration; hydrological modeling; model validation; simulation
   modeling; system dynamics

---

UT 554
AR Zhao Y, 2019, PROC IEEE INT CONF SAF PROD INFORMATIZ IICSPI, P76, DOI
   10.1109/IICSPI.2018.8690447
TI System Dynamical Simulation of Risk Perception for Enterprise Employee
AU Zhao Y; Zhang M/5; Song J/4; Zhang Y/11
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF SAF PROD INFORMATIZ IICSPI
PY 2019
AB in order to explore the dynamic evolution of risk perception for enterprise
   employee , system dynamical model for employees ' risk perception is
   established from three agents : enterprise organization , enterprise manager
   and employee . vensim software is used to simulate the evolutionary rule of
   employee ' s risk perception . the results show that the trend of employee '
   s risk perception will periodically rise and decline , and reach to a higher
   degree than before . the employee ' s risk perception will drop
   significantly by reducing the risk severity . when safety culture is
   increased , there will be a delay before rise . when the manager ' s safety
   concern and the safety supervision are increased , the employee ' s risk
   perception will increase , but the impact caused by manager ' s safety
   concern will be more obvious than safety supervision . these research
   results can provide a theoretical reference for the government and companies
   . 2018 ieee .
DE complex adaptive system ( cas ); risk perception; simulation; system dynamic
   ( sd )
ID human resource management; managers; safety engineering; complex adaptive
   systems; dynamic evolution; dynamical simulation; evolutionary rules;
   research results; safety supervision; simulation; system dynamics; risk
   perception

---

UT 555
AR Séguin R, 2015, ICORES - INT CONF OPER RES ENTERP SYST PROC, P51, DOI
   10.5220/0005234700510062
TI PARSim, a simulation model of the royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) pilot
   occupation: An assessment of the pilot occupation sustainability under high
   student production and reduced flying rates
AU Séguin R
TC 11
SO ICORES - INT CONF OPER RES ENTERP SYST PROC
PY 2015
AB training personnel to operate extremely complex and expensive equipment
   requires a large monetary investment and takes lengthy periods of time . it
   goes without saying that careful planning is of the outmost importance .
   such is the case for military pilots . the pilot production , absorption ,
   retention simulation ( parsim ) model that was developed by the center for
   operational research and analysis ( cora ) simulates the flow of pilots from
   recruitment , through training , onto the operational training units and
   into the various operational fleets , accounting for attrition , instructor
   pilots and staff requirements . a key feature of the model is that it
   simulates the acquisition of experience , dynamically adjusting the
   experience acquisition rate in response to the existing experience level on
   the squadrons and the availability of resources . the model is a tool that
   can be used to perform what_if analysis quickly and easily . this paper
   describes the simulation model and reports on a study where the impact of
   high production combined with reduced budgets is analyzed . copyright 2015
   scitepress_science and technology publications all rights reserve .
DE force generation; military occupation; personnel management; pilot
   absorption; pilot production; powersim; simulation; system dynamics
ID budget control; employment; human resource management; operations research;
   pilot plants; force generation; military occupation; personnel management;
   pilot production; powersim; simulation; system dynamics; personnel training

---

UT 556
AR Dale M, 2012, ECOL ECON, V73, P158, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2011.10.028
TI Global energy modelling - A biophysical approach (GEMBA) Part 2: Methodology
AU Dale M; Krumdieck S; Bodger P
TC 60
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2012
AB economists , investors and policy makers need to understand the changing
   climate of energy systems and the potential for investment in both
   alternative energy supply and demand side efficiency and management
   technologies . biophysical economics has contributed to conventional
   economics by incorporating thermodynamic and ecological principles and
   emphasizing the importance of natural resources to the economic process .
   this paper is presented in two parts . part 1 gives a historic review of
   biophysical economics and discusses some previous models of the
   energy_economy system built around the principles of biophysical economics .
   part 2 presents the gemba model_a new modeling methodology in the
   biophysical economics tradition . themethodology proposes a new and
   important contribution to the field of biophysical economics . a lifetime
   evolving function for the dynamics of the energy return on investment ( eroi
   ) . in the development stage of a new resource , eroi increases due to
   technological learning , market growth and capital investment . eroi then
   reaches a peak as diminishing returns are experienced on further
   technological innovation and capital investment . in the later stage eroi
   declines over time as the most accessible resources are developed first ,
   resources become depleted , or scarcity develops for materials needed to
   extract , process or convert the energy for the market . eroi can also
   diminish over time as environmental restoration or emission reduction
   becomes required by the society . the dynamic eroi function was incorporated
   into a global energy model using a biophysical approach ( gemba ) and
   implemented in vensim . the gemba model is calibrated using historical
   energy production data , i . e . training to historical data , then running
   the trained model to 2100 under a series of varying assumptions regarding
   availability of energy resources and corresponding erois . the main finding
   of the model is that growth of the renewable energy sector may impact
   investment in other areas of the economy and thereby stymie economic growth
   . 2011 elsevier b . v .
DE embodied energy; net energy analysis ( nea ); physical resource modeling;
   resource quality; systems dynamics ( sd )
ID alternative energy; biophysics; capital flow; demand-side management;
   ecological approach; economic analysis; economic growth; emission control;
   energy efficiency; energy market; energy-resource; global perspective;
   investment; numerical model; policy making; resource assessment; resource
   depletion; technological development; thermodynamics

---

UT 557
AR Tukel OI, 2011, PROJ MANAG J, V42, P59, DOI 10.1002/pmj.20207
TI Knowledge-salvage practices for dormant R&D projects
AU Tukel OI; Kremic T; Rom WO; Miller RJ
TC 8
SO PROJ MANAG J
PY 2011
AB most successful firms have an abundance of new and old knowledge in their
   research and development laboratories , and only a fraction is being put
   into use in new product development . this knowledge is left over from
   projects that have been killed at different development stages and may
   actually carry considerable value . in this article , we propose a knowledge
   bank as a possible solution to preserve and possibly grow this knowledge .
   it is a selfsustaining institute with minimal or no ongoing effort from the
   donor company , yet manages the knowledge in a way that protects proprietary
   interests and actively fosters communication and interchange among
   sponsoring companies wherever possible . the framework of this structure ,
   as well as how it works , is described here . specifically , a system
   dynamics modeling of the knowledge bank is developed , and a simulation
   study is conducted using vensim . the results confirm the viability of
   creating such a system in a consortium of organizations . 2010 by the
   project management institute .
DE knowledge banks; r and d projects; system dynamics

---

UT 558
AR Liu S, 2017, PROC - INT CONGR IMAGE SIGNAL PROCESS BIOMED ENG CISP-BMEI,
   V2018-January, P1, DOI 10.1109/CISP-BMEI.2017.8302153
TI Research on personalized recommendation system of media tags based on system
   dynamics
AU Liu S; Dong Y/4; Chai J
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONGR IMAGE SIGNAL PROCESS BIOMED ENG CISP-BMEI
PY 2017
AB this paper focuses on the research of personalized recommendation with media
   information resources based on tags . especially , the paper uses the system
   dynamics and data mining theories to study the influencing factors of
   recommendation system based on media information resources . the goal of
   this paper is to construct the system dynamics model of dynamic media
   recommendation system based on tags . the moreover , test model is built in
   the software of vensim ple and the simulation results illustrate how user '
   s resources such as adoption situation , density and centrality can affect
   the media recommendation system . 2017 ieee .
DE media resource; personalized recommendation; system dynamics
ID computation theory; data mining; software testing; system theory;
   information resource; media recommendations; medium resource; modeling of
   dynamics; personalized recommendation; personalized recommendation systems;
   resources based; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; tag-based;
   recommender systems

---

UT 559
AR Liu L/4, 2019, J LIBR SCI AGRIC, V31, P65, DOI
   10.13998/j.cnki.issn1002-1248.2019.03.18-1939
TI Analysis on Agricultural Science and Technology Resources and Dynamic
   Simulation Research on Resources Utilization; [农业科技资源研究主题与资源利用动力学仿真分析]
AU Liu L/4
TC 0
SO J LIBR SCI AGRIC
PY 2019
AB agricultural science and technology resources play a crucial role in
   promoting agricultural type transformation of a country . this paper
   analyzes high frequency keywords of agricultural science and technology ,
   builds a dynamic model of agricultural science and technology resources and
   carrys on the simulation . using bicomb and gcluto , this paper precipitates
   the themes and a strategic diagram of the field of agricultural science and
   technology after compared with the generated map of netdraw and vosviewer .
   in the vensimple environment , this paper carry on the simulation .
   international agricultural science and technology resources research
   includes five main themes as follows : agricultural science and technology
   innovation research , policy and environment of agricultural science and
   technology resources research , agricultural science and technology andrural
   economic development research , sustainable agricultural science and
   technology resources research , and agricultural science and technology
   resources allocation and utilization research . the simulation results show
   that the promotion of agricultural science and technology resources , the
   increase of users rely on the diversification of channels and ways of
   supplying . combined with the survey data , this paper analyzes the rural
   information infrastructures and user accesses . agricultural information
   institute , chinese academy of agricultural sciences . all rights reserved .
DE agriculture; biclustering algorithm; rural; science and technology; system
   dynamics

---

UT 560
AR Luściński S, 2019, LECT NOTES MECH ENG, P306, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-93587-4_32
TI System dynamics model for continuous review inventory system in demand shock
   conditions
AU Luściński S; Dobrowolski D
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES MECH ENG
PY 2019
AB this paper deals with applying a control loop based on pid controller
   algorithm to dynamically setting the components of the continuous review
   system ( q_system ) for inventory management to avoid demand shock
   unrequired influence on a customer service level . through vensim software
   platform , the system dynamic model of feedback system was developed ,
   consisting of the q_system for single echelon logistics and pid controller .
   finally , operational performance results are analyzed using data of
   performed simulation experiments . 2019 , springer international publishing
   ag , part of springer nature .
DE demand shock; simulation; system dynamics
ID electric control equipment; inventory control; proportional control systems;
   system theory; continuous-review; continuous-review inventory systems;
   control loop; controller algorithm; demand shocks; pid controllers; shock
   conditions; simulation; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; three
   term control systems

---

UT 561
AR Wang J/5, 2015, J CLEAN PROD, V92, P237, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2014.12.076
TI Identifying best design strategies for construction waste minimization
AU Wang J/5; Li Z; Tam VWY/1
TC 169
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2015
AB waste minimization design ( wmd ) is a key strategy for effectively
   minimizing construction waste at an early stage . however , it seems that
   appropriate methods for estimating the effect of various design measures on
   construction waste reduction with consideration of the interrelationships of
   potential design strategies are lacking . this study proposes a model for
   quantitatively assessing the effect of various waste management strategies
   and policies at the design stage on waste reduction . this model features a
   system dynamics approach using a vensim software package . simulation
   results show that ( 1 ) the use of prefabricated components exerts the
   largest influence on the design of construction waste reduction , followed
   by few design modifications and waste reduction investment , ( 2 ) mutual
   effects exist among potential design strategies , and ( 3 ) the combined
   effect of multi_design strategies is more significant than the simple sum of
   the effects of all single_design strategies and thus demands full
   consideration of the combined effect of relevant potential design strategies
   . similar scenarios comprising other design strategies can also be simulated
   and analyzed based on the developed model . this study demonstrates the
   benefits of using a system dynamics approach in understanding the process
   and potential effects of the implementation of wmd . the developed model is
   potentially valuable as a utility tool for the dynamic assessment of the
   effect of design strategies on construction waste minimization ( cwm ) . by
   comparing different simulation results generated under various scenarios ,
   this study identifies the best practice ahead of implementation . 2015
   elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE construction waste management; design strategies; performance evaluation;
   system dynamics
ID conservation; system theory; construction waste managements; design
   modifications; design strategies; performance evaluation; prefabricated
   components; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; waste management
   strategies; waste management

---

UT 562
AR Bala BK, 2014, ECOL MODEL, V283, P19, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolmodel.2014.03.013
TI Sustainable exploitation of hilsa fish (Tenualosa ilisha) population in
   Bangladesh: Modeling and policy implications
AU Bala BK; Arshad FM; Alias EF; Sidique SF; Noh KM; Rowshon MK; Islam QMM;
   Islam MM
TC 14
SO ECOL MODEL
PY 2014
AB this paper presents a computer model of hilsa fish ( tenualosa ilisha ) to
   predict the long_term trends in the hilsa population over several decades
   and to assess the impacts of harvesting the juveniles and spawning adults of
   hilsa fish . the model is designed to keep track of the population in
   various phases of the life cycle . the computer model of hilsa fish is based
   on system dynamics methodology . the full history of the because and effect
   relationships of the population dynamics of hilsa fish is presented using
   causal loop and flow diagrams . stella software is used to model the
   population dynamics of hilsa fish and the parameters of the model are
   estimated from field data and reports . maximum sustainable yield and
   carrying capacity were simulated to be 268,000. tons and 670,000. tons ,
   respectively . the overall situation of hilsa fishery is under severe stress
   in bangladesh and vulnerable to over exploitation . simulation results show
   that increased harvesting of the adults entering the rivers and the
   juveniles in the rivers because gradual decline in hilsa fish population and
   even may cause to disappear this valuable resource within a short period of
   time . also the optimal strategies for sustainable development of hilsa
   fishery have been addressed and the optimization results show that optimized
   operation of the hilsa fishery not only stabilizes the system , but also
   enhances the harvested adult hilsa . the model has the potential to analyze
   the harvesting strategies of the adults entering the rivers and juveniles in
   the rivers for sustainable exploitation of the hilsa fish . 2014 elsevier b
   . v .
DE harvesting strategies; hilsa fish; optimization; population dynamics;
   simulation; system dynamics
ID bangladesh; computer simulation; fisheries; harvesting; optimization;
   population dynamics; public policy; rivers; system theory; cause-and-effect
   relationships; harvesting strategy; maximum sustainable yields; optimized
   operations; policy implications; simulation; sustainable exploitation;
   system dynamics; clupeoid; computer simulation; fishery modeling; fishery
   policy; harvesting; life cycle; maximum sustainable yield; optimization;
   population dynamics; software; sustainability; fish

---

UT 563
AR Bekteshi S, 2015, J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST, V3, P303, DOI
   10.13044/j.sdewes.2015.03.0023
TI Dynamic modeling of Kosovo7#x2019;s electricity supply–Demand, gaseous
   emissions and air pollution
AU Bekteshi S; Kabashi S; Ahmetaj S; Šlaus I; Zidanšek A; Podrimqaku K;
   Kastrati S
TC 8
SO J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST
PY 2015
AB in this paper is described the developing of an integrated electricity
   supplydemand , gaseous emission and air pollution model for study of
   possible baseline electricity developments and available options to mitigate
   emissions . this model is constructed in stella software , which makes use
   of systems dynamics modeling as the methodology . several baseline scenarios
   have been developed from this model and a set of options of possible
   developments of kosovo ' s electricity supplydemand and gaseous emissions
   are investigated . the analysis of various scenarios results in medium
   growth scenarios ( mgs ) that imply building of generation capacities and
   increase in participation of the electricity generation from renewable
   sources . mgs would be 10 % of the total electricity generation and ensure
   sustainable development of the electricity sector . at the same time , by
   implementation of new technologies , this would be accompanied by reduced
   greenhouse gasses ( ghg ) ( co2 and nox ) emissions by 60 % and significant
   reduction for air pollutants ( dust and so2 ) by 40 % compared to the
   business_as_usual ( bau ) case . conclusively , obtained results show that
   building of new generation capacities by introducing new technologies and
   orientation on environmentally friendly energy sources can ensure
   sustainable development of the electricity sector in kosovo . 2015 ,
   international center for sustainable development of energy , water and
   environment systems sdewes . all rights reserved .
DE electricity demand; electricity supply; emissions; modeling; scenarios;
   system dynamics

---

UT 564
AR Yao H, 2014, INT J CONSTR MANAG, V14, P67, DOI 10.1080/15623599.2014.899125
TI Simulation model for identifying effective policy in mitigating noise
   emissions from highway projects
AU Yao H; Hao JL
TC 3
SO INT J CONSTR MANAG
PY 2014
AB this paper develops a simulation model for the assessment of noise emissions
   from highway projects . the model is implemented by utilizing the system
   dynamics approach and ithink software package . the paper introduces the
   dynamic factors affecting the level of noise emissions by referring to the
   relevant feasibility studies of highway projects . a real highway project is
   presented to demonstrate the application of the simulation model in
   assessing the level of noise emissions of the project . the case study is
   used to explore the solutions for improving poor noise emissions performance
   through different policy scenarios . this study shows that system dynamics
   approach can not only support analysis of impact of dynamic interactions
   between various factors affecting noise emissions from highway project , but
   is also capable of providing solutions for effectively controlling noise
   emissions . 2014 2014 taylor and francis .
DE highway noise; ithink; policy scenarios; simulation model; system dynamics

---

UT 565
AR Jones L, 2014, DISCRET SIMUL SYST DYN MANAG DECIS MAK, V9781118349021, P215,
   DOI 10.1002/9781118762745.ch11
TI Vensim and the development of system dynamics
AU Jones L
TC 12
SO DISCRET SIMUL SYST DYN MANAG DECIS MAK
PY 2014
AB this chapter discusses the need for system dynamics , the use of
   diagram_to_equation automation , user_led innovation , vensim tools , and
   software developments enabling enhanced support to the practitioner and end
   user . it is written from a personal perspective and includes anecdotal
   evidence from a number of unnamed but possibly respectable sources . in
   determining the content of this chapter , a causal loop diagram ( cld ) was
   created as a sort of road map during its initial drafts and was continually
   updated as the drafts were reviewed and improved . the chapter does not
   dwell on the early history of system dynamics ( sd ) and the software used
   for implementation . recently , there has been the development of viral
   gaming using the facebook social network . behind the smart , brilliant
   interface is an actual sd model running and producing results as the outcome
   of the user decisions input via the facebook interface . 2014 john wiley and
   sons , ltd . all rights reserved .
DE causal loop diagram ( cld ); facebook social network; system dynamics; user-
   led innovation; vensim; viral gaming
ID system theory; causal loop diagram; causal loop diagrams; end-users;
   facebook; facebook social network; personal perspective; system dynamics;
   user-led innovations; vensim; viral gaming; social networking ( online )

---

UT 566
AR Honti G, 2019, DATA BR, V27, DOI 10.1016/j.dib.2019.104723
TI Network analysis dataset of system dynamics models
AU Honti G; Dörgő G; Abonyi J
TC 8
SO DATA BR
PY 2019
AB this paper presents a tool developed for the analysis of networks extracted
   from system dynamics models . the developed tool and the collected models
   were used and analyzed in the research paper , review and structural
   analysis of system dynamics models in sustainability science [ 1 ] . the
   models developed in vensim , stella , and insightmaker are converted into
   networks of state_variables , flows , and parameters by the developed python
   program that also performs model reduction , modularity analysis and
   calculates the structural properties of the models and its main variables .
   the dataset covers the results of the analysis of nine models in
   sustainability science used for policy testing , prediction and simulation .
   2019 the authors
DE cause-effect analysis; model analysis; network analysis; sustainability;
   systems dynamics models
ID electric network analysis; software testing; statistical tests; system
   theory; cause-effect analysis; model reduction; modeling analyzes; research
   papers; state flow; state parameters; state variables; sustainability
   science; system dynamics modeling; variable-parameters; sustainable
   development

---

UT 567
AR Min G, 2016, J BALK TRIBOL ASSOC, V22, P5007
TI Research on safety performance of military aviation system based on system
   dynamics
AU Min G; Zhang B/3; Gao J/1
TC 0
SO J BALK TRIBOL ASSOC
PY 2016
AB the mechanism of organizational factors affecting safety performance of
   military aviation system should be researched in order to enhance the level
   of safety risk management . firstly , organizational factors , military
   aviation system and safety performance were analyzed to build safety
   performance model of military aviation system . then , the causal loop
   diagram model of organizational factors affecting safety performance of
   military aviation system was built , and the system dynamics ( sd ) model
   was established by sd modeling software vensim ple . finally , the safety
   performance and its dimensionalities under two circumstances of action
   preparation times changing and target values of these flight safety
   performance dimensionalities changing were simulated . the simulation
   results show that it is supposed to shorten the action preparation time of
   safety situation improvement in aviation safety management and to optimize
   the combination of target values of flight safety performance
   dimensionalities in order to maximize the flight safety performance . 2016 ,
   scibulcom ltd . all rights reserved .
DE complex social-technical system; military aviation system; organizational
   factors; safety performance; system dynamics ( sd )

---

UT 568
AR Woo TH/1, 2015, ENERGY SOURCES RECOVER UTIL ENV EFF, V37, P649, DOI
   10.1080/15567036.2011.590861
TI Safety assessment for power uprate in the nuclear power plant using a system
   dynamics (SD) method by Monte Carlo software
AU Woo TH/1
TC 3
SO ENERGY SOURCES RECOVER UTIL ENV EFF
PY 2015
AB the power increase in the nuclear power plants has been investigated for the
   safety aspect . most equipment could be affected by the power uprate , which
   could increase the electricity power level . the quantification of the
   uprate reliability is performed by the system dynamics method , which is
   processed by the feedback and accumulation algorithms . the vensim software
   package is used for the simulations , which is made by the monte carlo
   method . there are two kinds of considerations as the economic and safety
   properties . the result shows the stability of the operations when the power
   can be decided . this shows the higher efficiency of the reactor . the
   maximum value of risk is 157,887 in 2065 and the minimum value is 2 in 2010
   . thus , the risk of the power uprate increases 78,954 times higher than the
   initial value in this study . 2015 taylor and francis group , llc .
DE feedback; nuclear power plants; power uprate; system dynamics; vensim
ID feedback; nuclear energy; nuclear fuels; nuclear power plants; safety
   engineering; system theory; higher efficiency; power increase; power
   uprates; safety aspects; safety assessments; safety property; system
   dynamics; vensim; monte carlo methods

---

UT 569
AR Xiao L, 2018, J INTERNET TECHNOL, V19, P1155, DOI
   10.3966/160792642018081904018
TI Design and analysis of knowledge transfer in the process of university-
   industry collaborative innovation based on social network theory
AU Xiao L; Xu S/3; Zeng X
TC 9
SO J INTERNET TECHNOL
PY 2018
AB any collaborative innovation activities can not be separated from the
   support of social networks . many factors in the social network affect the
   knowledge transfer activities . moreover , the effectiveness of knowledge
   transfer determines the performance of collaborative innovation . from the
   point of view of relevance between collaborative innovation behavior and
   social network , this paper analyzes the influence of some factors in social
   network on knowledge transfer of school enterprise synergy innovation . the
   purpose of this paper is to find out the laws of knowledge transfer in the
   process of university_industry ( you_i ) collaborative innovation , and to
   verify the role of these laws through system dynamics simulation . firstly ,
   this paper summarizes the previous views on collaborative innovation and
   you_i knowledge transfer . based on the analysis of literature , it puts
   forward the process model of knowledge transfer in you_i collaborative
   innovation and analyzes the factors that affect this process . secondly ,
   the paper uses a system dynamics method to analyze the causality of
   knowledge transfer in the process of you_i collaborative innovation ,
   establishes the model of system flow diagrams , and uses vensim ple to test
   the validation and sensitivity of the model . furthermore , the experimental
   results demonstrate that the model could fit well the actual knowledge
   transfer activities in the process of you_i collaborative innovation . and ,
   the results show that some factors in social networks ( trust , knowledge
   transfer capability , knowledge absorptive capacity , and contract
   mechanisms ) affect you_i knowledge transfer in different degrees . finally
   , some suggestions concerning the promotion of knowledge transfer are
   presented according to the simulation . 2018 taiwan academic network
   management committee . all rights reserved .
DE collaborative innovation; knowledge transfer; social networks; universities-
   industries
ID social networking ( online ); system theory; collaborative innovation;
   design and analysis; effectiveness of knowledge; knowledge absorptive
   capacities; knowledge transfer; model of systems; system dynamics
   simulation; university industries; knowledge management

---

UT 570
AR Zhang Z, 2011, NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V27, P226, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1002-6819.2011.z2.043
TI Changes of land quality based on system dynamics
AU Zhang Z; Gao J; Jian G; Wei C
TC 2
SO NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2011
AB in order to comprehensively analyze the changes of land quality affected by
   land consolidation and reveal the variation of land system caused by
   projects along with land problems , system dynamics was used to simulate the
   land quality changes based on vensim software . the results showed that
   under current model , areas of grassland and garden were increased after
   land consolidation , and area of cultivated land firstly was increased and
   then decreased , while the land quality was improved at beginning and then
   deteriorated . supposing the residual field ridge was changed into cropland
   and unutilized lands were exploited into cropland , the monetization
   representation of land quality , the ecological service value of cultivated
   lands and the total value reached maximum in 2012 , and subsequently
   decreased . this monetization representation of land quality was also
   represented by the maximum value in various scenarios . the results can
   provide a basis for optimal allocation of land resources and promote the
   coordinative development of land , economic , social and ecological system .
DE ecological service value; ecology; land consolidation; land quality; models;
   system dynamics; system theory
ID ecology; land use; models; cultivated lands; current models; ecological
   services; ecological systems; land quality; land resources; land systems;
   maximum values; optimal allocation; residual field; system dynamics; total
   values; system theory

---

UT 571
AR Xing Z, 2012, JIAOTONG YUNSHU XITONG GONGCHENG YU XINXI J TRANSP SYST ENG
   TECHNOL, V12, P180
TI SD model in electric vehicle charging system
AU Xing Z; Gao Y/6; Dong J/1
TC 1
SO JIAOTONG YUNSHU XITONG GONGCHENG YU XINXI J TRANSP SYST ENG TECHNOL
PY 2012
AB using electric vehicle can effectively alleviate the energy crisis and
   environmental pollution and the researches on electricity_related problem
   are very necessary and urgent . first , this paper analyzes the new power
   industry chain structure of ev charging system and establishes the related
   system dynamics model taking into account the economy of the industry chain
   . then , it collects the basic data from a specific scale of ev charging
   system , uses the vensim software to operate the system simulation through
   changing values of profit rate , profit adjustment rate , electricity price
   sensitivity , and so on . it quantifies the electricity consumption and
   charging price , and gets equilibrium values and curves related to both
   investment recovery period and electric charging models to search for the
   optimal decision reference , which has a realistic significance . finally ,
   the paper summarizes the advantages and disadvantages of the model and gives
   some suggestions for model improvement .
DE balance of interests; electric vehicle charging system; system dynamics;
   systems engineering

---

UT 572
AR An Y/1, 2019, CH SAF SCI J, V29, P87, DOI
   10.16265/j.cnki.issn1003-3033.2019.01.015
TI Analysis of internal and external factors affecting college mass incidents;
   [高校群体性事件内外部影响因素作用效果分析]
AU An Y/1; Wei Y; Li J/3; Xu S/1; Tong R
TC 0
SO CH SAF SCI J
PY 2019
AB in order to analyze the effects of internal and external factors on college
   mass incidents , an sd model was built based on the sd theory . the students
   ' mass incidents in jiujiang university was taken as an example , vensim
   software was used for empirical analysis . the results show that the
   internal influence factors belong to the incentive factors of college mass
   incidents , the effects of internal factors gradually increase , and in the
   process of incident development , improper intervention against internal
   factors will trigger the incident situation , that the external factors
   belong to the health care factors of college mass incidents , and in the
   process of incident development , the reasonable intervention against
   external factors can largely control the development trend of the incident .
   2019 china safety science journal . all rights reserved .
DE college; influence factors; mass incidents; simulation; system dynamics ( sd
   )

---

UT 573
AR Liao X, 2011, PROC - INT CONF COMPUT DISTRIB CONTROL INTELL ENV MONIT
   CDCIEM, P280, DOI 10.1109/CDCIEM.2011.150
TI System dynamics modeling and simulation of China's SO2 emission trading
   policy
AU Liao X; Li X; Zhang B/2
TC 3
SO PROC - INT CONF COMPUT DISTRIB CONTROL INTELL ENV MONIT CDCIEM
PY 2011
AB based on the theory and method of system dynamics , we establish a china ' s
   so2 emission trading policy model which includes so2 pollution subsystem ,
   policy implementation subsystem and policy effect of evaluation subsystem ,
   and test the model from historical data and parameter sensitivity . and then
   , using vensim software , annual so2 emissions and policy effect of so2
   emission trading are simulated running from 2000 to 2020 . the testing
   results indicate that the model has high precision and accuracy , and
   simulation results showthat the contribution of trading policy to
   controlling so2 emission total amount will increase steadily form 2011 ,
   this conclusions will provide decision_making bases for designing and
   optimizing so2 pollution control policies in china . 2011 ieee .
DE emission trading policy; simulation; so2 pollution; system dynamics modeling
ID commerce; decision making; distributed computer systems; distributed-
   parameter control systems; environmental engineering; pollution control;
   sulfur dioxide; system theory; emission trading; high precision; historical
   data; parameter sensitivities; policy model; simulation; simulation result;
   pollution; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; testing results;
   theory and methods; computer simulation

---

UT 574
AR Kerga E, 2017, PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL MANAG SOC
   INNOV PROC, P2532, DOI 10.1109/PICMET.2016.7806743
TI Modeling the benefits of frontloading and knowledge reuse in lean product
   development
AU Kerga E; Schmid R; Rebentisch E; Terzi S
TC 6
SO PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL MANAG SOC INNOV PROC
PY 2017
AB this paper uses system dynamics ( sd ) approach to model the lean product
   development strategy of set_based design ( sbd ) and the traditional product
   development strategy of point_based design ( pbd ) . using the vensim system
   dynamics ( sd ) tool , the paper investigates the performance outcomes of
   adopting the strategies within a new product development ( npd ) context .
   the model simulates the development of five hypothetical projects . the
   model uses a classical sd project view as a rework cycle . it includes
   elements of both pbd and sbd which can be switched on / off to assess their
   impact on performance . multiple projects are modeled so that the knowledge
   reuse issues are explored for differentiating pbd and sbd . in particular ,
   we address the question of ' what are the effects of frontloading in sbd on
   project durations , total project costs , and return on investment ( roi ) ?
   ' from initial simulation results , it is found that in a typical pd , sbd
   can bring up to 25 % reduction in average project durations , 40 % reduction
   in total project costs and improves roi significantly . 2016 portland
   international conference on management of engineering and technology , inc .
ID budget control; lean production; product design; product development;
   strategic planning; system theory; lean product development; multiple
   projects; new product development; performance outcome; project duration;
   set-based designs; system dynamics; traditional products; planning

---

UT 575
AR Rizqi ZU, 2019, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, P511
TI System dynamics as a solution in increasing regional cash of daerah istimewa
   yogyakarta by considering employment availability and traffic congestion
AU Rizqi ZU
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2019
AB the region of yogyakarta ( diy ) is one of the regions in indonesia .
   community growth in yogyakarta reaches 1.34 % in 2017 which can cause
   various problems such as unemployment community that continues to grow every
   year . in addition , another serious problem in yogyakarta is high
   congestion which is implicated by the increasing number of population in diy
   . those problems have a bad influence on regional cash which is very useful
   in the development of the area . this study aims to increase regional cash
   of diy by considering available employment and traffic congestion . because
   the problem is so complex , a system dynamics approach is used to solve it .
   based on the simulation results using powersim 2005 , the main because of
   unstable regional cash is the high cost of building new roads , the because
   of high cost of building new roads is congestion , and the because of
   congestion is the high demand for vehicles by residents of the yogyakarta
   area . therefore , it is necessary to reduce the level of demand for
   vehicles to increase the cash of the diy area . by reducing the demand for
   vehicles to 0.00003 , which initially 0.00005 has succeeded in making the
   regional cash stable and increasing continuously . in addition , to increase
   employment in order to eliminate the population unemployment in yogyakarta ,
   it can be done by increasing the growth rate of new companies . by
   increasing the growth rate of the new company to 1.2 which initially 1 has
   succeeded in making employment increased continuously . 2019 , ieom society
   international .
DE employment availability; regional cash; simulation; system dynamics; traffic
   congestion

---

UT 576
AR Dacko M, 2010, POL J ENV STUD, V19, P699
TI Systems dynamics in modeling sustainable management of the environment and
   its resources
AU Dacko M
TC 8
SO POL J ENV STUD
PY 2010
AB this article was inspired by the predator_prey relationship , a common
   concept in ecology . using it as our basis , we present a study on the
   subject of economic growth linked to the consumption of environmental
   resources . various economy_environment development scenarios are examined
   using the dynamics method and stella software . isomorphisms ( i . e .
   structural similarities ) between the two systems allow us to conclude that
   both growing economic savings and effectiveness , as well as higher outlays
   for initiatives aimed at offsetting deficiencies and enriching environmental
   potential , may not reverse the cyclical growth trend of the system examined
   . while attempting to discuss sustainable development at present , a
   thorough change in management paradigms should be considered . if an
   environmental system is acted upon , its life should be sustained . truly
   lasting economic and environmental growth is based on drawing benefits from
   life_giving feedback .
DE management of the environment; predator-prey relationship; sustainable
   development; systems dynamics

---

UT 577
AR Shahsavani E, 2019, AMB EXPRESS, V9, DOI 10.1186/s13568-019-0882-6
TI Developing a system dynamics model for prediction of phosphorus in
   facultative stabilization ponds
AU Shahsavani E; Ebrahimi AA; Ehrampoush MH; Maleknia H; Eslami H; Samaei MR
TC 1
SO AMB EXPRESS
PY 2019
AB system dynamics is considered as a computer_aided approach to policy
   analysis and design . it includes the response and reaction of a system to
   external shocks . in the present research , following the sampling and
   testing phases , a system dynamics model was developed for modeling of
   phosphorus in facultative stabilization ponds . first , the scheme of
   soluble reactive phosphorous stock , its specifications and parameters were
   determined and created in the vensim ple 7.1 software . then , mathematical
   relations were determined for each process . finally , the model was
   calibrated and verified based on the data from the yazd facultative ponds ,
   iran . sensitivity analysis showed that the most important factors affecting
   phosphorus concentration in the ponds are the phosphorus settling rate ,
   losses caused by algal respiration and excretion , while the losses caused
   by herbivorous zooplanktons , hydrolysis rate of inorganic carbon , and
   ratio of phosphorus to chlorophyll_a had the least importance . results
   showed that , algal growth rate and phosphorus settling rate were important
   factors in phosphorus removal . hence , with appropriate retention time in
   the pond , it can be managed more properly . the ratio of phosphorus to
   algae had less importance in the model . the ratio of carbon to phosphorus
   and rate of respiration of carnivorous zooplanktons did not affect the
   phosphorus concentration . it is recommended that this model can be used for
   pond management and overall assessment of facultative ponds . 2019 , the
   author ( s ) .
DE facultative ponds; phosphorus modeling; system dynamics modeling; wastewater
   stabilization ponds
ID carbon; chlorophyll a; inorganic compound; phosphorus; algal growth;
   article; breathing; concentration ( parameter ); evaporation; excretion;
   herbivore; hydrolysis; iran; mathematical model; nonhuman; pond; retention
   time; temperature; waste water management; waste water treatment plant;
   water sampling; zooplankton

---

UT 578
AR Briano E, 2010, PROC WINTER SIMUL CONF, P1820, DOI 10.1109/WSC.2010.5678887
TI Using system dynamics for short life cycle supply chains evaluation
AU Briano E; Caballini C; Giribone P; Revetria R
TC 27
SO PROC WINTER SIMUL CONF
PY 2010
AB this work is part of an italian national research project embracing
   different aspects of a short life_cycle products supply chains : its
   modeling , its resiliency and its competitiveness . in fact , this
   particular kind of products , like fashion goods , toys or electronic
   devices , have different characteristics compared with long_medium life
   cycle products and this implies a quite different management as well as
   competitiveness factors to take into account . starting from the modeling of
   a supply chain of this kind , utilizing the powersim studio software
   implementing the system dynamics methodology , with the goal of showing its
   behavior under specific scenarios , some vulnerability causes have been
   considered in order to make the supply chain more resilient . finally , the
   competitiveness dynamics between two companies producing short life cycle
   items has been modeled and analyzed . 2010 ieee .
ID competition; life cycle; mathematical models; supply chain management;
   system theory; cycle item; electronic device; fashion goods; system
   dynamics; supply chains

---

UT 579
AR Jiangao D, 2020, DATA ANAL KNOWL DISCOV, V4, P110, DOI
   10.11925/infotech.2096-3467.2019.0636
TI Tracking online public opinion based on system dynamics: Case study of
   “Xiangshui explosion accident”
AU Jiangao D; Xuan Z; Zhu F; Qingming W
TC 4
SO DATA ANAL KNOWL DISCOV
PY 2020
AB [ objective ] this paper explores the dissemination laws of online public
   opinion during emergencies ( opoe ) , aiming to help governments guide and
   regulate such information . [ methods ] first , we used ' ' xiangshui
   explosion accident in jiangsu province ' ' as an example and introduced
   unique variables for this type of events . then , we constructed a system
   dynamics model for opoe . third , we simulated and analyzed the proposed
   model with vensim software . finally , we adopted the government_related
   variables as control variables to discuss the impact of government behavior
   on online public opinion . [ results ] for the simulation experiment , the
   mape values of the online posts and news were 18 % and 27 % . thus , the
   simulation model is feasible and could effectively describe the developing
   trends of online public opinions . more importantly , the government
   reactions also posed significant effects to the dissemination of public
   opinions . [ limitations ] some of our data were from questionnaires and
   expert scoring , which might be biased . [ conclusions ] the opoe generally
   rises rapidly to the peak and then slowly declines . the government response
   time , level of reactions and transparency of official news posed positive ,
   negative and negative effects to evolving of public opinions . 2020 ,
   chinese academy of sciences . all rights reserved .
DE chemical pollution; emergency; online public opinion; system dynamics

---

UT 580
AR Martínez-Valderrama J, 2020, SCI PROGR, V2020, DOI 10.1155/2020/9092829
TI AQUACOAST: A Simulation Tool to Explore Coastal Groundwater and Irrigation
   Farming Interactions
AU Martínez-Valderrama J; Ibáñez J; Alcalá FJ
TC 9
SO SCI PROGR
PY 2020
AB in the framework of coastal groundwater_dependent irrigation agriculture ,
   modeling becomes indispensable to know how this renewable resource responds
   to complex ( usually not conceptualized nor monitored ) biophysical , social
   , and economic interactions . friendly user interfaces are essential to
   involve nonmodeling experts in exploiting and improving models . decision
   support systems ( dss ) are software systems that integrate models ,
   databases , or other decision aids and package them in a way that decision
   makers can use . this paper addresses these two issues : firstly with the
   implementation of a system dynamics ( sd ) model in vensim software that
   considers the integration of hydrological , agronomic , and economic drivers
   and secondly with the design of a venapp , push_button interfaces that allow
   users access to a vensim model without going through the vensim modeling
   environment . the prototype designed , the aquacoast tool , gives an idea of
   the possibilities of this type of models to identify and analyze the impact
   of apparently unrelated factors such as the prices of cultivated products ,
   subsidies or exploitation costs on the advance of saltwater intrusion , and
   the great threat to coastal groundwater_dependent irrigation agriculture
   systems . 2020 jaime martinez_valderrama et al .
ID agricultural robots; artificial intelligence; costs; decision making;
   decision support systems; groundwater; groundwater resources; irrigation;
   salt water intrusion; technology transfer; user interfaces; coastal
   groundwater; decision support system ( dss ); economic interactions;
   irrigation agriculture; modeling environment; renewable resource; software
   systems; vensim softwares; water management

---

UT 581
AR Banerjee D, 2018, INTJ CIV ENG TECHNOL, V9, P627
TI A system dynamic approach of technical risk modelling in transportation
   megaprojects
AU Banerjee D; Jagadeesh P; Rao RP
TC 0
SO INTJ CIV ENG TECHNOL
PY 2018
AB a megaproject is a large scale project that entails a huge number of risks
   which needs to be identified , assessed and quantified . megaprojects have
   also been found to suffer from time overrun , cost overrun and quality
   deficiency that are the primary project objectives . the reason for such
   deviation from project objectives is often attributed to a poor knowledge of
   the dynamic behavior of megaproject over time and the impact of various risk
   factors associated within the megaproject environment . this research
   attempts to model the various technical risks associated with a megaproject
   construction using system dynamics tool with stocks , flows and internal
   feedback loops . the system dynamics modeling is done in vensim software and
   it is seen from the results that if the probability of occurrence of certain
   technical risk variable be restricted to 5 % , the technical risk as well as
   project cost increase , rise in duration and quality reduction may be
   substantially reduced . iaeme publication .
DE megaprojects; project risks; risk assessment; system dynamics

---

UT 582
AR Zheng C-H, 2018, J DISCRET MATH SCI CRYPTOGR, V21, P1211, DOI
   10.1080/09720529.2018.1525129
TI Analysis of technology diffusion in agricultural industry cluster based on
   system dynamics and simulation model
AU Zheng C-H; Huang H-L
TC 1
SO J DISCRET MATH SCI CRYPTOGR
PY 2018
AB the process of technology diffusion in an agricultural industry cluster is
   different from that in general markets . extending the assumption of the
   bass model by considering multiple developments of technology diffusion ,
   sluggish message sharing and unstable market , the dynamic model of
   technology diffusion was established by using the vensim_ple as a simulator
   to conduct the present research . the results showed that this model meets
   the needs of actual agricultural industry clusters and can be a theoretical
   guidance for farmers or enterprises if they intend to practice technology
   diffusion in an agriculture industrial cluster . 2018 , 2018 taru
   publications .
DE agricultural industry cluster; bass model; system dynamics; technology
   diffusion
ID commerce; diffusion; system theory; agricultural industry clusters; bass
   model; cluster-based; dynamics models; system dynamics; system dynamics and
   simulations; system dynamics modeling; system simulation models; technology
   diffusion; unstable market; agriculture

---

UT 583
AR Tang Z, 2020, J TRANSP ENG, V18, P162, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1672-4747.2020.03.019
TI System Dynamics Analysis of Rail Transit Emergency Rescue Effectiveness;
   [基于SD的轨道交通应急救援效能分析]
AU Tang Z; Cheng X-Q; Chi M; Gao P; Liu Z-R
TC 0
SO J TRANSP ENG
PY 2020
AB china ' s regional rail transit system has entered a phase of rapid
   development . as the system continues to expand , accidents impact
   increasingly larger areas and result in more severe consequences . therefore
   , research has become focused on methods for effectively analyzing and
   improving emergency rescue capabilities and management . using vensim
   software , this study developed a system dynamics model of emergency rescue
   efficiency based on the static factors of influence and the dynamic
   evolution of the emergency rescue process . the influences of time delay and
   information transmission on rescue efficiency were analyzed . the emergency
   rescue linkage mechanism was studied by applying the
   observe_orient_decide_act ( ooda ) decision ring theory , and measures to
   improve emergency rescue efficiency are suggested . the simulation provided
   visual representations of the dynamic evolution of the rescue efficiency .
   it is hoped that the study results can be applied to improving emergency
   response capabilities , reducing injuries in emergency situations , and
   improving emergency rescue efficiency . 2020 southwest jiaotong university .
   all rights reserved .
DE effectiveness analysis; emergency rescue; ooda decision ring; simulation
   research; system dynamics

---

UT 584
AR Li M/5, 2019, INFECT DRUG RESIST, V12, P613, DOI 10.2147/IDR.S185177
TI System dynamics modeling of public health services provided by China CDC to
   control infectious and endemic diseases in China
AU Li M/5; Yu W; Tian W; Ge Y/1; Liu Y; Ding T; Zhang L/6
TC 14
SO INFECT DRUG RESIST
PY 2019
AB background : infectious and endemic diseases are a serious public health
   concern worldwide , and their prevention and treatment are globally
   controversial . this study aimed to establish an system dynamics ( sd )
   model to analyze the factors influencing public health services provided by
   the chinese centers for disease control and prevention ( china cdc ) to
   implement infectious and endemic disease control in china , by establishing
   more effective interventions to provide public health services and thus
   achieving the goal of controlling infectious and endemic diseases .
   materials and methods : an sd model was constructed using the vensim dss
   program . intervention experiments were performed using the sd model , which
   reflected the influences on disease control by adjusting the governmental
   investment and compensation level for public health products . results : the
   experimental results showed that increasing the governmental investment in
   china cdc and compensation level for public health products will
   significantly increase the public health product rate provided by china cdc
   . discussion : problems with infectious and endemic disease prevention and
   treatment are the result of the system ' s incomplete functioning and
   limited health resources . to address the current problems and improve the
   system , the government should increase its investment in the public health
   service system and improve the compensation system to ensure smooth
   implementation of infectious and endemic disease prevention and treatment
   and , ultimately , improve public health in china . 2019 li et al .
DE disease management; epidemic model; epidemiology; public health; spread;
   system dynamics; transmission
ID article; china; endemic disease; health care availability; health care need;
   health care policy; health status; human; infection control; infection
   prevention; public health service; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 585
AR Yuan XG, 2015, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2015, DOI 10.1155/2015/206149
TI Recycler reaction for the government behavior in closed-loop supply chain
   distribution network: Based on the system dynamics
AU Yuan XG; Zhang XQ
TC 9
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2015
AB with system dynamics , we establish three_closed_loop supply chain
   distribution network system model which consists of supplier , manufacturer
   , two retailers , and products ( parts ) recycler . we proposed that
   recycler make reflect for the government policy by adjusting the recycling
   ratio and recycling delay . we use vensim software to simulate this model
   and investigate how the products ( parts ) recyclers behavior influences the
   loop supply chain distribution system . the result shows that ( 1 ) when
   recyclers respond positively to government policies , recycling will
   increase the proportion of recyclers . when recyclers respond negatively to
   government policy making , recycling will reduce the proportion of recyclers
   . ( 2 ) when the recovery percentage of recyclers improves , manufacturers ,
   retailer 1 , and retailer 2 quantity fluctuations will reduce and the
   bullwhip effect will diminish . ( 3 ) when the proportion of recycled parts
   recyclers is lowered , manufacturers , retailer 1 , and retailer 2 inventory
   fluctuation will increase and the bullwhip effect will be enhanced . ( 4 )
   when recyclers recycling product delays increased , volatility manufacturers
   order quantity will rise , but there is little change in the amount of
   fluctuation of orders of the two retailers . ( 5 ) when recycling parts
   recyclers delay increases , fluctuations in the supplier order quantity will
   rise , but there is little change in the amount of fluctuation of orders of
   the two retailers . 2015 xi gang yuan and xiao qing zhang .

---

UT 586
AR Agyapong-Kodua K, 2012, ADV DECIS SCI, V2012, DOI 10.1155/2012/804324
TI The integrated use of enterprise and system dynamics modelling techniques in
   support of business decisions
AU Agyapong-Kodua K; Weston RH; Ratchev S
TC 6
SO ADV DECIS SCI
PY 2012
AB enterprise modeling techniques support business process ( re ) engineering
   by capturing existing processes and based on perceived outputs , support the
   design of future process models capable of meeting enterprise requirements .
   system dynamics modeling tools on the other hand are used extensively for
   policy analysis and modeling aspects of dynamics which impact on businesses
   . in this paper , the use of enterprise and system dynamics modeling
   techniques has been integrated to facilitate qualitative and quantitative
   reasoning about the structures and behaviors of processes and resource
   systems used by a manufacturing enterprise during the production of
   composite bearings . the case study testing reported has led to the
   specification of a new modeling methodology for analyzing and managing
   dynamics and complexities in production systems . this methodology is based
   on a systematic transformation process , which synergises the use of a
   selection of public domain enterprise modeling , causal loop and continuous
   simulation modeling techniques . the success of the modeling process defined
   relies on the creation of useful cimosa process models which are then
   converted to causal loops . the causal loop models are then structured and
   translated to equivalent dynamic simulation models using the proprietary
   continuous simulation modeling tool ithink . copyright 2012 k .
   agyapong_kodua et al .

---

UT 587
AR Kim YI/1, 2017, J NUCL SCI TECHNOL, V54, P39, DOI
   10.1080/00223131.2016.1204255
TI Safety assessment for the ultimate heat sink (UHS) system with non-injection
   concept in nuclear power plants (NPPs)
AU Kim YI/1; Woo TH
TC 0
SO J NUCL SCI TECHNOL
PY 2017
AB following the fukushima accident , it is proposed to find a better safety
   system , which has a pool_type cooling system without coolant injections .
   since the conventional piping_based injection systems have failed in
   treating the three major severe accidents , the artificial pool could be
   constructed to cover the failed reactor core systems in which the pool_like
   structure is constructed . regarding this study , there were some previous
   studies about the ultimate heat sink ( uhs ) . in this study , the system
   dynamics ( sd ) modeling is performed in the case of fukushima unit 1
   accident . the basic events are obtained by the boolean values as 0 and 1.
   the quantifications are obtained by the sd algorithm incorporated with the
   vensim software . in the simulations work , there is a plateau region
   between the 25th and 45th years in the interested period . the nonlinear
   algorithm is applied for the uhs analysis which was not installed for the
   commercial use yet . 2016 atomic energy society of japan . all rights
   reserved .
DE fukushima accident; nuclear power plants; system dynamics ( sd ); ultimate
   heat sink ( uhs ); vensim
ID accidents; heat sinks; lakes; nuclear energy; nuclear power plants; safety
   engineering; system theory; coolant injection; fukushima accidents;
   injection systems; nonlinear algorithms; safety assessments; system
   dynamics; ultimate heat sink ( uhs ); vensim; nuclear reactor accidents

---

UT 588
AR Bouloiz H, 2019, ADV SCI TECH SEC APPL, P93, DOI 10.1007/978-3-319-96259-7_3
TI system dynamics applied to the human, technical and organizational factors
   of industrial safety
AU Bouloiz H; Garbolino E
TC 3
SO ADV SCI TECH SEC APPL
PY 2019
AB in this chapter , system dynamics is applied to a socio_technical system in
   the chemical industry . the objective is to develop a dynamic model of the
   industrial system , which formalizes the causal interdependencies between
   the factors that define the safety conditions for that system . a systemic
   approach is applied to the case study of an chemical storage facility . the
   implementation , which is supported by vensim software , makes it possible
   to include the human , technical and organizational factors that all
   contribute to safety management ( bouloiz et al . 2013 ) . springer
   international publishing ag , part of springer nature 2019 .

---

UT 589
AR Zheng Y/2, 2018, MATH PROBL ENG, V2018, DOI 10.1155/2018/2796146
TI The formation mechanism and precision control of corruption in poverty
   alleviation from the perspective of system dynamics
AU Zheng Y/2; Liao X/1
TC 3
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2018
AB the corruption in the field of poverty alleviation not only hinders the
   performance of the government but also damages the vital interests of the
   poor , harms the image of the party and the country , and makes the poor
   people further impoverished . based on the method of system dynamics , this
   paper analyzes the interaction of elements which influence village officials
   ' corruption , studies the formation mechanism of the corruption in poverty
   alleviation , and constructs an effective model to prevent the corruption .
   based on the survey data of typical cases , the model was simulated and
   validated by the software of vensim ple . the study found that compared with
   other variables , the willingness of village officials to corrupt has the
   greatest impact on the amount of their corruption . furthermore , it is
   found that the important factors that affect village officials ' corruption
   willingness are as in the following order : official culture , village
   officials ' thought , and prevention system . copyright 2018 yan zheng and
   xiaoming liao .
ID developing countries; rural areas; system theory; formation mechanism;
   poverty alleviation; precision control; prevention systems; survey data;
   system dynamics; crime

---

UT 590
AR Wu H/2, 2010, ICCASM - INT CONF COMPUT APPL SYST MODEL PROC, V8, PV8379, DOI
   10.1109/ICCASM.2010.5620592
TI Analysis on key factors of container seamless transportation operating based
   on system dynamics
AU Wu H/2; Zhu X/3
TC 0
SO ICCASM - INT CONF COMPUT APPL SYST MODEL PROC
PY 2010
AB container multimodal transportation system is a dynamic complicated system
   with multiple variables and nonlinear feedback loops and influenced by some
   factors . the efficiency of container multimodal transportation system will
   decrease if these factors mismatch with each other . in order to improve the
   level of container multimodal transportation system , analyzing the key
   factors of container seamless transportation operating is essential . it was
   shown that four main factors influenced container seamless transportation
   operating , which were resource allocation , optimized organization ,
   information technology and policy system . it presents a system dynamics
   approach based on the because_and_effect analysis and feedback loop
   structures . and it put forwards the sd model , graph of system causality
   and flowchart of container seamless transportation operating . the model
   runs in vensim ple software using the data from statistics and expert
   scoring . the investment in every factor is chosen as the control variable
   for simulation to forecast the level of container seamless transportation .
   in despite of the same investment in every factor , but influences on
   container seamless transportation operating were different . results show
   that resource allocation factor was the most prominent . it provides the
   scientific reference to the optimized operation of the container seamless
   transportation . 2010 ieee .
DE container; multimodal transportation system; seamless transportation; system
   dynamics
ID computer applications; computer resource management; containers; economics;
   nonlinear feedback; optimization; resource allocation; system theory;
   complicated systems; control variable; effect analysis; feedback loop
   structure; key factors; multimodal transportation systems; optimized
   operations; policy systems; seamless transportation; system dynamics; system
   dynamics approach; transportation

---

UT 591
AR Szarka N, 2018, WASTE MANAG RES, V36, P332, DOI 10.1177/0734242x18757626
TI A systems dynamics approach for supporting regional decisions on the
   energetic use of regional biomass residues
AU Szarka N; Wolfbauer J; Bezama A
TC 5
SO WASTE MANAG RES
PY 2018
AB this article presents the definition , building , calibration and
   application of a system dynamics simulation model to quantify the present
   and future comparative advantages and disadvantages of using forest and
   agricultural residual biomass for energetic purpose through different
   processes and technologies , on a regional basis . a dynamic structure of
   the agricultural and forestry biomass process activities ( i . e .
   production , transport , conversion and consumption ) based on regional
   time_series data was built , implemented into and calibrated within a
   dynamic simulation tool ( vensim software ) within a hungarian county .
   besides the agriculture and forestry sectors , the model includes data about
   demography , economy , environment and land use , among others . for
   carrying out the assessment , realistic scenarios of future biomass
   processes and of biomass use were formulated , characterized by quantitative
   sustainable development indicators and simulated within the dynamic model .
   the results prove that the introduced model supports decision making of
   biomass utilization in a regional scale , through comparing and analyzing
   quantitative changes of economic , social and environment indicators , which
   characterize a sustainable regional development . the model therefore allows
   analyzes and evaluation of not only partial prosperous or adverse
   characteristics of biomass processes and use , but also to relate regional
   components and their development over time . the developed dynamic tool is
   therefore a powerful method to model complex systems , such as a regional
   energy system , considering the framework of the regional preferences stated
   by the regional stakeholders . it can thus provide useful decision support ,
   especially when used as a priority_based screening of potential regional
   development programs in the energy field . 2018 , the author ( s ) 2018 .
DE biomass residues; energy system modeling; regional analysis; scenario
   analysis; system dynamics; waste to energy
ID agriculture; biomass; conservation of natural resources; forestry; models
   biological; hungary; computer software; decision making; decision support
   systems; demography; economics; forestry; land use; regional planning;
   sustainable development; system theory; timber; lignite; natural gas;
   biomass residue; dynamic simulation models; energy system models; regional
   analysis; regional biomass; scenarios analysis; system dynamics; system
   dynamics approach; system dynamics simulation; waste to energy; biomass;
   decision making; energy use; modeling; regional development; scenario
   analysis; stakeholder; sustainable development; agricultural waste; article;
   bioenergy; biofuel production; biomass conversion; decision making; electric
   power plant; energy consumption; energy yield; fossil energy; human; land
   use; nonhuman; priority journal; renewable energy; simulation; soil quality;
   sustainable development; agriculture; biological model; biomass;
   environmental protection; forestry; biomass

---

UT 592
AR Li Y/4, 2016, PROC INT CONF COMPUT SCI NETW TECHNOL, P14, DOI
   10.1109/ICCSNT.2015.7490698
TI Research on the simulation model of medical service pricing
AU Li Y/4; Li C/1
TC 3
SO PROC INT CONF COMPUT SCI NETW TECHNOL
PY 2016
AB the paper set up the causal relationship model of medical service pricing to
   analyze dynamic equilibrium between various factors based on analyzing the
   pricing process . furthermore , this paper established the mathematic model
   of medical service pricing based on government and hospitals co_decision .
   finally , the paper built the simulation model of medical service pricing
   based on the theory of system dynamics on the platform of vensim software .
   the study will be helpful for providing the reference for the reform on new
   health care system in china . 2015 ieee .
DE dynamic model; pricing mechanism; simulation model; system dynamics
ID computer networks; computer software; dynamic models; system theory; causal
   relationship models; dynamic equilibria; health care system; mathematic
   model; pricing mechanism; simulation model; system dynamics; vensim
   softwares; costs

---

UT 593
AR Woo TH, 2012, ATW INT Z KERNENERG, V57, P482
TI Complex risk analysis for loss of electric power in liquid metal nuclear
   reactor by system dynamics (SD) method
AU Woo TH
TC 1
SO ATW INT Z KERNENERG
PY 2012
AB the power stabilization of the nuclear power plants ( npps ) is investigated
   in the aspect of the liquid metal coolant . the quantification of the risk
   analysis is performed by the system dynamics ( sd ) method which is
   processed by the feedback and accumulation complex algorithms . the vensim
   software package is used for the simulations , which is supported by the
   monte_carlo method . there are 2 kinds of considerations as the economic and
   safety properties . the result shows the stability of the operations when
   the power can be decided . this shows the higher efficiency of the reactor .
   the failure frequency is 16/60 = 27 % . in the event of power stabilized ,
   the failure event is in the quite lower frequency rate . the commercial use
   of the reactor is important in the operations .

---

UT 594
AR Oesterreich TD, 2020, J MODEL MANAG, V15, P232, DOI 10.1108/JM2-01-2019-0002
TI Integrating system dynamics and VoFI for the dynamic visualization of
   financial implications arising from IT and IS investments
AU Oesterreich TD; Teuteberg F
TC 6
SO J MODEL MANAG
PY 2020
AB purpose : despite the advantages that the vofi approach offers compared with
   traditional capital budgeting methods , its application for the appraisal of
   information technology ( it ) and information systems ( is ) investments in
   both research and practice is not widespread to date . given the static
   nature of the generic vofi table , the method reaches its limits in its
   financial plan form because it is unable to investigate the dynamic behavior
   of complex investment calculations . to date , there has been no attempt to
   address these shortcomings to advance the use of vofi as a useful and valid
   capital budgeting method in finance and accounting . therefore , the purpose
   of this study is to address this research gap and aim at developing a '
   dynamic ' vofi model that integrates all input variables and target measures
   of a vofi table and visualizes the causal relationships among these
   variables . design / methodology / approach : the ' dynamic ' vofi model is
   developed through system dynamics ( sd ) modeling to enhance the strength of
   the vofi concept as an instrument for visualizing the financial implications
   of investments in it and is at the corporate level . case study research is
   used as a research method to study the behavior of the developed model . the
   validity of the model is demonstrated by conducting simulation runs in
   vensim software . in addition , probabilistic sensitivity analyzes are
   performed to account for the impact of uncertainty on the main model
   variables . findings : the results demonstrate the usefulness of sd modeling
   for extending the generic vofi concept by integrating risk analyzes and
   providing a new strategy of data analysis and data presentation different
   from the typical financial plan form . furthermore , the dynamic vofi model
   enables the visualization of interdependencies among the various variables
   incorporated in the vofi financial plan , which significantly enhances the
   conceptual understanding of the investment and its financial consequences .
   originality / value : the integration of the vofi concept into an sd model
   helps researchers and practitioners to enhance their conceptual
   understanding of this method . this thus increases its acceptance and
   popularity as a practical capital budgeting method , especially for the
   financial assessment of it and is investments . the vofi model proposed in
   this paper should also enable analysts and decision makers to become more
   conscious of the interdependencies between the assumptions made for an
   appraisal and the quantitative results . 2019 , emerald publishing limited .
DE capital budgeting; decision making; dynamic vofi; financial analysis;
   information systems; investment appraisal; modeling; risk analysis;
   simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 595
AR Li M/5, 2018, SIMUL, V94, P765, DOI 10.1177/0037549717741349
TI Factors influencing two-way referral between hospitals and the community in
   China: A system dynamics simulation model
AU Li M/5; Zhang Y/13; Lu Y; Yu W; Nong X/1; Zhang L/6
TC 32
SO SIMUL
PY 2018
AB background : two_way referrals between hospitals and community healthcare
   systems ( chss ) are important for optimizing the distribution of medical
   resources and enabling resource sharing , but referrals are always from chss
   to hospitals . a referral from the hospital to the community is rare in
   china . this has a highly negative impact on the long_term development of
   the chinese health services . the aim of this study was to address influence
   factors in hospitalcommunity referrals . methods : we constructed a system
   dynamics model to address the problem of the two_way referral between
   hospitals and chss and identified potential countermeasures and possible
   solutions . the vensim dss program was used to construct a system dynamics
   model to represent the problem through model description , causal loop
   diagrams , and stock and flow diagrams . results : the model was used to
   perform intervention experiments , in which the influence on all the sectors
   of referrals could be observed by changing the system parameters . the
   experimental results showed a greater difference in medical costs between
   hospitals and chss , more investments to chss , higher levels of medical
   insurance of chss , and more referrals from hospitals to chss . conclusions
   : the system can widen the price gap between hospitals and chss , increase
   information flow , improve medical insurance level of chss , and elevate the
   current level of chss through enabling two_way referral between hospitals
   and chss . the author ( s ) 2017 .
DE information and decision support systems; infrastructure planning and
   design; quantitative simulation; system dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; decision support systems; hospitals; investments;
   system theory; causal loop diagrams; health care system; infrastructure
   planning; long-term development; quantitative simulation; system dynamics;
   system dynamics model; system dynamics simulation; medical information
   systems

---

UT 596
AR Yang G/2, 2019, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V31, P2058, DOI
   10.16182/j.issn1004731x.joss.18-0380
TI Study on Ecological Compensation of Three Gorges Basin Based on Evolutionary
   Game Theory; [基于演化博弈的长江三峡流域生态补偿机制研究]
AU Yang G/2; Shi Y/5
TC 10
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2019
AB under the background of the green development of the yangtze river economic
   belt , based on the evolutionary game theory , the game model of the
   upstream and downstream governments of the three gorges basin and the
   central ecological compensation behavior are constructed to analyze the
   interests appeal and compensation behaviors among the three parties , so as
   to have a complex interest game relationship in the yangtze river and
   analyze the cases of ecological compensation in the three gorges basin . the
   research shows that without the restriction of central government , it is
   difficult for the upstream and downstream governments in the three gorges
   basin to cooperate with each other to carry out ecological compensation .
   the introduction of the central reward and punishment mechanism to control
   the environmental benefits of the governments can improve the efficiency of
   ecological compensation and management in the three gorges basin . the
   vensim software is used to further verify the optimal decision_making of the
   central government under different conditions , which can provide reference
   for the decision_making of the three gorges basin . 2019 , the editorial
   board of journal of system simulation . all right reserved .
DE ecological compensation; evolutionary game; simulation; system dynamics;
   three gorges basin

---

UT 597
AR Li M/2, 2019, PROC INT CONF COMPUT IND ENG CIE, V2019-October
TI Research on knowledge sharing in Q&A based on system dynamics
AU Li M/2; Chen YY; Wang L/5; Fan YT
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF COMPUT IND ENG CIE
PY 2019
AB the q and a community has gradually become an important channel for online
   users to acquire knowledge . its operational mechanism is complex . analysis
   of factors affecting knowledge sharing is conducive to improving the
   efficiency of knowledge sharing . based on motivation theory , the incentive
   factors that influence people ' s behavior are divided into external
   motivation and internal motivation . external motivation refers to external
   rewards obtained after completing certain behaviors . while internal
   motivation is internal satisfaction in the process . simulations were
   performed using vensim ple software to simulate the process of knowledge
   sharing in the community and the impact of new user entry and the loss of
   old users on ongoing knowledge sharing . finally , under different levels of
   reciprocity , reputation and self_efficacy , the knowledge of the shared
   knowledge , the knowledge of the questioners and the changes in the common
   language gap are analyzed , and suggestions for the development designers of
   the q and a community are provided . 2019 , computers and industrial
   engineering . all rights reserved .
DE knowledge sharing; q and a community; system dynamics
ID knowledge management; system theory; internal motivations; knowledge
   sharing; motivation theories; older users; online users; operational
   mechanism; people behavior; q and a community; self efficacy; system
   dynamics; motivation

---

UT 598
AR Junior JC, 2019, BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG, V16, P14, DOI
   10.14488/BJOPM.2019.v16.n1.a2
TI COMPUTER SIMULATION MODEL FOR OUTPATIENT CLINICS IN A BRAZILIAN LARGE PUBLIC
   HOSPITAL SPECIALIZED IN CARDIOLOGY
AU Junior JC; Lima F; da Silva Fernandes AM; de Almeida Guardia F; da Silva VD;
   Maccheri GA
TC 4
SO BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG
PY 2019
AB goal : the main objective of this study is to analyze the behavior of the
   outpatient department of a large public hospital specialized in cardiology ,
   understanding how the components of this system are related , in order to
   improve the hospital ' s performance . design / methodology / approach : a
   case study was carried out in a public hospital specializing in cardiology
   with the aid of modeling and simulation of system dynamics . results : the
   result showed that variables such as doctor availability and average
   consultation time have great influence on the service capacity . limitations
   of the investigation : the proceedings and times related to the medical
   staff are particular to each team and they are not standardized . however ,
   in the system dynamics modeling these particularities can not be included .
   practical implications : for theory , there is the state_of_the_art
   development in terms of how to manage and regarding the methodologies should
   be applied in a complex referential model composed of several moderating
   variables , in order to obtain the best use of the available resources (
   human and material ) of the hospital . for practice , the flow of patients
   in the hospital should be predicted and optimized , adding value to the
   services provided to its users . originality / value : the originality of
   the work is based on the unprecedented application of quantitative methods
   for solving problems in brazilian hospitals . 2019 , associacao brasileira
   de engenharia de producao . all rights reserved .
DE ambulatories; simulation in health care; system dynamics; vensim 60

---

UT 599
AR Miller MZ, 2012, 10TH ANN INT ENERGY CONV ENG CONF IECEC 2012
TI A game theoretic approach for smart grid demand response using system
   dynamics
AU Miller MZ; Duncan SJ; Mavris DN
TC 1
SO 10TH ANN INT ENERGY CONV ENG CONF IECEC 2012
PY 2012
AB the current energy grid is not capable of handling the future demands and
   currently could operate at a more desirable efficiency . in order to solve
   these problems , a system_wide update has been proposed , commonly referred
   to as the smart grid . in order to accomplish this , it has been proposed
   that the smart grid will feature various complex capabilities , including
   demand response , which is meant to reduce the peak loads , which in turn
   require the use of inefficient peaking plants . apart from the technical
   aspects , demand response requires a certain amount of consumer adoption to
   be successful . the influence of these interdependent customers means the
   smart grid is a collaborative system of systems , requiring analysis that
   captures the competing interests of the power producer / distributor and the
   residential power consumer . in the example presented herein , game theory
   was used to evaluate a demand response program by representing interactions
   as a game with incomplete information and modeling these games using system
   dynamics constructed using vensim software . simulations were made using
   these models to capture the game ' s temporal aspects , which are often
   missed in classical game theory analysis . by capturing these temporal
   aspects , this simulation was able to show the effects that initial
   conditions had on the first 100 days of possibly implementing a dr program .
   the game with incomplete information has been found to provide insight into
   how demographics of the population , in terms of adopters and skeptics ,
   influence the success of an implemented dr program . 2012 by the american
   institute of aeronautics and astronautics , inc . all rights reserved .
ID computer simulation; energy conversion; game theory; system theory;
   classical game theory; collaborative systems; consumer adoptions; demand
   response programs; incomplete information; initial conditions; technical
   aspects; temporal aspects; smart power grids

---

UT 600
AR Hussien MI, 2016, PROC INT BUS MANAG ASSOC CONF - VIS INNOV MANAG DEV
   SUSTAIN COMPET ECON GROWTH, P4325
TI Simulating banking service quality websites in Egypt: A system dynamic
   approach
AU Hussien MI; Aziz RAE
TC 1
SO PROC INT BUS MANAG ASSOC CONF - VIS INNOV MANAG DEV SUSTAIN COMPET ECON
   GROWTH
PY 2016
AB e_banking has experienced explosive growth and has transformed traditional
   banking practices in terms of the nature of products / services and the way
   these are provided . the purpose of this paper is to develop a decision
   support system for the critical e_service quality dimensions using system
   dynamics simulation model with regards to the bank ' s websites or internet
   banking in the egyptian context after investigating the impact of e_service
   quality dimensions on e_banking websites in egypt . it highlights the
   quality problems in public and private banks from the perspectives of the
   main stakeholders . customers and internet banking providers that are
   resulted from previous papers . from the data analysis , supported by the
   literature , seven_service quality dimensions were identified . namely .
   usability , reliability , responsiveness , privacy , fulfillment ,
   efficiency , assurance . a revised dynamics model was drawn and simulated
   using powersim software . system dynamics results show that customer
   relationship management is a dimension that would increase e_service quality
   and customer satisfaction . finally , when results were brought together ,
   similarities and differences between customers and internet banking decision
   makers helped better understand the problem , derive conclusions and make
   recommendations . it helps banks ' managers achieve a competitive edge
   through allocating attention and resources efficiently among e_service
   quality dimensions based on customer .
DE e-banking; e-service quality; powersim; system dynamics simulation
ID artificial intelligence; decision making; decision support systems;
   economics; electronic commerce; information management; innovation; public
   relations; quality of service; reliability analysis; sales; sustainable
   development; system theory; websites; competitive edges; customer
   relationship management; dynamics modeling; e-banking; e-service quality;
   powersim; quality problems; system dynamics simulation; customer
   satisfaction

---

UT 601
AR Morcillo JD, 2018, APPL ENERGY, V216, P504, DOI
   10.1016/j.apenergy.2018.02.104
TI Simulation of demand growth scenarios in the Colombian electricity market:
   An integration of system dynamics and dynamic systems
AU Morcillo JD; Franco CJ; Angulo F
TC 53
SO APPL ENERGY
PY 2018
AB modeling and simulation of electricity markets have increasingly involved
   the use of a system dynamics ( sd ) approach . accordingly , the resulting
   dynamic hypothesis and the stock_flow structures are represented and
   simulated using softwares such as stella , powersim , ithink , or vensim .
   however , sd models can be exploited even more , of which the investigation
   of signals in the time domain or the sensitivity analysis is just a small
   part of the study . since sd models are mathematical objects , they deserve
   an analytical or numerical study using tools provided by the dynamic systems
   ( ds ) methodology . therefore , this paper not only studies the dynamic
   hypothesis or the stock_flow structure of an electricity market model in the
   classical form , but also uses its inner mathematical object to provide a
   deeper insight into the system . using matlab / simulink the system is
   evaluated from a different approach not yet reported in the literature . the
   combination of the sd and ds methodologies can open the door to a new and
   alternative method of analysis for electricity market models and even for
   any sd model . in fact , this paper demonstrates that with this
   methodologies combination , more detailed analysis strategies and novel
   insights of the sd models can be developed , which can be easily exploited
   by policy makers to suggest improvements in regulations or market structures
   . moreover , considering that the energy market is evolving , and a series
   of macro and microstructural changes are impacting demand , we consider as
   an example a simplified version of the colombian electricity market to
   report a detailed description of its dynamics under a broad range of growth
   rate of demand ( grd ) scenarios . our study , inspired by the bifurcation
   and control theory of ds , primarily shows that colombia is in dire need of
   a new capacity before 2020 to avoid rationing events expected to occur in
   the upcoming years . 2018 elsevier ltd
DE dynamic systems; electricity markets; growth rate of demand; system dynamics
ID colombia; electric industry; flow structure; matlab; sensitivity analysis;
   system theory; time domain analysis; colombians; demand growth; electricity
   market modeling; growth rate of demand; mathematical objects; model and
   simulation; stock flows; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; system
   methodologies; demand analysis; electricity; energy market; energy policy;
   growth rate; integrated approach; policy making; sensitivity analysis;
   simulation; software; power markets

---

UT 602
AR Al-Antari MA, 2016, NAT RADIO SCI CONF NRSC PROC, V2016-April, P431, DOI
   10.1109/NRSC.2016.7450871
TI A system dynamics based model for hepatic fibrosis in hepatitis C patients
AU Al-Antari MA; Almasani MA; Bu-Omer HM; Wahba KK
TC 1
SO NAT RADIO SCI CONF NRSC PROC
PY 2016
AB hepatitis c virus ( hcv ) is the most common chronic disease in egyptian
   society . it is often a silent disease and causing no symptoms until much of
   the liver has been damaged . in this paper we built a system dynamics model
   for the different life cycle stages of the hcv disease including the related
   factors using vensim ple software . this dynamic model gave the chance to
   take different measures to prevent or minimize the occurrence of this
   disease and provide the ability to decrease the mortality rate from late
   stage , cirrhosis , by appropriate treatments . the accumulation of the
   consecutive stages of the hcv disease was an s_shape in the cirrhosis stage
   . this result suggests a good control on the hcv death rate . 2016 ieee .
DE chronic hepatitis c; cirrhosis; liver fibrosis progression; simulation
   model; system dynamics
ID life cycle; population statistics; system theory; viruses; chronic hepatitis
   c; cirrhosis; liver fibrosis; simulation model; system dynamics; diseases

---

UT 603
AR Yin X-H, 2012, INT CONF MANAG SCI ENG - ANNU CONF PROC, P1911, DOI
   10.1109/ICMSE.2012.6414432
TI Research on traffic jam charging policy for vehicles on highway in Chinese
   megalopolis
AU Yin X-H; Jia Y-H; Niu Z-H
TC 2
SO INT CONF MANAG SCI ENG - ANNU CONF PROC
PY 2012
AB according to analysis the problem that ' ' whether it should continue for
   the highway charges ' ' aroused public attention , as well as traffic
   congestion in the megalopolis , the paper firstly applied the principle of
   economics and social utility to analysis the feature of the highway to the
   implementation of the feasibility of traffic jam charging policy . secondly
   , the paper gave a simulation analysis of highway implement traffic jam
   charging policy by using systematic dynamics model , and used vensim
   software to draw a system flow figure , and put forward traffic jam charging
   measures for urban sections of the highway . finally , the paper draw a
   conclusion that the highway urban sections of the megalopolis implement
   traffic jam charging policy can effectively relieve urban traffic jam and
   social pressure of public . 2012 ieee .
DE highway; policy research; simulation analysis; system dynamics; traffic jam
   charging
ID computer simulation; computer software; emergency traffic control;
   management science; highway; policy researches; simulation analysis; system
   dynamics; traffic jams; traffic congestion

---

UT 604
AR Yang T, 2020, CHIN J UNDERGR SP ENG, V16, P1
TI Research on the Impacts of Underground Logistic System on Urban Development
   Based on System Dynamics; [基于系统动力学的地下物流系统对城市发展影响研究]
AU Yang T; Dong J/2; Guo Z
TC 3
SO CHIN J UNDERGR SP ENG
PY 2020
AB underground logistics system ( uls ) is a new idea to alleviate urban
   traffic congestion and promote urban sustainable development . however , one
   of the reasons that restrict the development of underground logistics is the
   lack of quantitative benefit analysis of uls on urban development . a
   complex model reflecting the positive impacts of uls on urban economy ,
   environment , and society is constructed using system dynamics . the model
   runs in vensim ple software and beijing is used as a case study . the share
   rate of uls is chosen as the control variable for simulation , and the
   results reveal that uls has significant impacts on the alleviation of the
   traffic pressure , improvement of the urban ecological environment ,
   effective utilization of urban space resources , the increase of employed
   population and so on . 2020 editorial department of chinese journal of
   underground space and engineering . all rights reserved .
DE integrated transportation; simulation; system dynamics; underground logistic
   system ( uls ); urban development

---

UT 605
AR Sun X-B, 2012, DONGBEI DAXUE XUEBAO, V33, P1509
TI Modeling and simulation of system dynamics for logistics organization
   innovation
AU Sun X-B; Qi H-J; Luo N
TC 0
SO DONGBEI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2012
AB based on the principle and characteristics of system dynamics , a model was
   constructed for logistics organization innovation system . the logistic
   organization system of ft company was simulated with vensim software . the
   results indicated that the logistic organization innovation system of ft
   company was an internal innovation development action . it was resulted from
   the changes of internal and external environment , and was based on
   logistics resources and logistics capability . it was supported by the
   organization learning and logistics knowledge , and at the same time , it
   was also obstructed by cognitive inertia and action inertia of organization
   .
DE logistic organization; logistics capability; organization innovation;
   organization learning; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; industry; external environments; innovation system;
   logistics capabilities; modeling and simulation; organization learning;
   organization system; system dynamics; system theory

---

UT 606
AR Yang Y/2, 2014, TRANSP RES PROCEDIA, V4, P521, DOI
   10.1016/j.trpro.2014.11.040
TI Assessment of the Impacts of Urban Rail Transit on Metropolitan Regions
   Using System Dynamics Model
AU Yang Y/2; Zhang P; Ni S
TC 36
SO TRANSP RES PROCEDIA
PY 2014
AB urban rail transit system ( i . e . , metro and light rail ) has significant
   impacts on the mitigation of traffic congestion and sustainable developments
   of urban traffic system because of the system advantages in terms of speed ,
   land occupation , and low emission . however , considering the complexity
   and dynamics of the urban traffic system as a whole , it is difficult to
   achieve effective assessments of a variety of comprehensive impacts . this
   paper presents the analysis of the impacts of urban rail transit system on
   metropolitan regions in four aspects : urban traffic , economy , society ,
   and environment , using software vensim to build a system dynamics ( sd )
   model on the basis of the system structure analysis . a series of variables
   are adopted in the model to represent these impacts , which contain
   congestion degree , gdp ( gross domestic product ) , population , land
   values , harmful gas emission , accident rate , etc . construction scale of
   urban rail transit is selected as the control variable to simulate changes
   of different indexes under various levels of urban rail transit system scale
   . a case study of guangzhou is carried out as a verification of this model
   to simulate the comprehensive impacts , including congestion degree , total
   number of cars , land values , and pm10 , etc . under different control
   variables . this paper provides a feasible and effective approach to
   simulating complex traffic system and references for government
   decision_making on transportation infrastructure planning . 2014 the authors
   .
DE and environmental impacts; economic; social; sustainable development; system
   dynamics model; urban rail transit; vensim

---

UT 607
AR Matlakala ME, 2020, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, V59, P200
TI Systems dynamic of portable water shortage in the limpopo province of south
   africa
AU Matlakala ME; Von Kallon DV
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2020
AB limpopo is the hottest province in south africa and has less percentage of
   rain to fill up its dams and rivers . there is a higher chance for the
   communities to run short of water because the used water is not recycled .
   the villages use pit toilets , therefore , it becomes difficult to have a
   water recycling plant . the purpose of this study is to model the water
   supply chain to determine the solution for water delivery in rural areas of
   the limpopo province . a system dynamic model is developed using vensim
   software . the system is simulated to develop a solution to water crises in
   the province . the systems dynamics modeling is discussed herein . the
   vensim model was to capture the interaction between the source of water ,
   water treatment plant , water recycling , potable water transmission ,
   commercial and domestic water distribution . the results show that the
   building of infrastructure for portable water without recycling plant , will
   partially solve the crisis of water shortage in the province . the recycling
   plant is found to be helpful in saving water for future purposes . ieom
   society international .
DE limpopo; model; system; systems dynamics; water recycling

---

UT 608
AR Akopov AS, 2012, INT J COMPUT APPL TECHNOL, V45, P220, DOI
   10.1504/IJCAT.2012.051122
TI Designing of integrated system-dynamics models for an oil company
AU Akopov AS
TC 20
SO INT J COMPUT APPL TECHNOL
PY 2012
AB this paper presents a new approach to designing integrated simulation models
   for large corporations . this approach is based on the use of
   system_dynamics methods for implementing models of segments of the
   vertically integrated company taking into account the available direct and
   feedback links . all models have been designed with the help of power
   simulation tool_powersim studio . in addition , the designed simulation
   system has been integrated with created genetic algorithm and the corporate
   data warehouse . copyright 2012 inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE computer modeling and simulation; genetic optimization algorithm; investment
   activity; powersim studio; system dynamics; vertically integrated oil
   company; vioc
ID data warehouses; genetic algorithms; studios; computer modeling and
   simulation; oil companies; optimizations; system dynamics; vioc; system
   theory

---

UT 609
AR Shi Y, 2019, PROC INT CONF COMPUT IND ENG CIE, V2019-October
TI Pricing strategy analysis of third party collaborative manufacturing
   platform based on system dynamics
AU Shi Y; Dan B; Li W/3; Sui R
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF COMPUT IND ENG CIE
PY 2019
AB this paper studies a supply chain system composed of multi_manufacturers and
   multi_suppliers supported by a third_party collaborative manufacturing
   platform . we build a system dynamics model to analyze the pricing strategy
   of the platform for manufacturers and suppliers . and depicting some factors
   which will influence the profit of the platform , including the number of
   manufacturers and suppliers , the access fee of manufacturers and suppliers
   , then the model is simulated with vensim software . finally , we get the
   result of the platform pricing strategy . the research results show that the
   profit of the platform is affected by the pricing of bilateral users . the
   platform attracts manufacturers to join by reducing the access fee to
   manufacturers and drives more suppliers to join through network effect , to
   significantly improve the overall profit of the platform . 2019 , computers
   and industrial engineering . all rights reserved .
DE pricing strategy; system dynamics; third-party collaborative manufacturing
   platform
ID costs; manufacture; supply chains; system theory; access fee; collaborative
   manufacturing; manufacturing platforms; multisupplier; pricing strategy;
   supply chain systems; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; third
   parties; third-party collaborative manufacturing platform; profitability

---

UT 610
AR Tang R, 2019, HUANJING KEXUE XUEBAO, V39, P2071, DOI
   10.13671/j.hjkxxb.2019.0014
TI System dynamics modelling on Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) forecasting and
   controlling in Xiamen City; [厦门市城市生活垃圾的系统动力学预测管控体系]
AU Tang R; Wang C/5; Chen Y/1; Xu X/1
TC 6
SO HUANJING KEXUE XUEBAO
PY 2019
AB a series of health and environmental problems have emerged along with the
   rapid growth of municipal solid waste ( msw ) generation . a precise
   forecasting on the mount of msw generation could assist as the foundation
   for decision making on effective and efficient msw management . this study
   aims to develop a system dynamics model for msw forecasting and controlling
   . taking one of the special economic zones in china_the xiamen city as an
   empirical case , the simulation and quantitative analysis were carried out
   using the system dynamics ( sd ) methodology . in specific , the causal loop
   diagram on msw generation was plotted in the vensim interface , and the
   stock_and_flow sd model was established through model structure analysis .
   the simulation results show that the msw generation amount will reach 3040
   thousand tons by 2030 in xiamen city , and this amount could be effectively
   reduced by conducting those measures such as sorting and recycling garbage
   and increasing the waste charges . 2019 , science press . all right reserved
   .
DE causal loop diagram ( cld ); municipal solid waste ( msw ); simulation;
   stock and flow model; system dynamics ( sd )
ID china; fujian; xiamen; decision making; diagram; forecasting method;
   graphical method; municipal solid waste; numerical method; numerical model;
   simulation; waste management

---

UT 611
AR Liu L/7, 2019, COGENT ENG, V6, DOI 10.1080/23311916.2019.1682775
TI Sustainable development analysis of design and manufacturing integration: A
   system dynamics approach
AU Liu L/7; Hsu Y; Lin J
TC 3
SO COGENT ENG
PY 2019
AB the issue of the sustainability of design and manufacturing is dynamic ,
   comprehensive and complex , and has always been a subject of discussion for
   scholars . this paper focuses on the sustainable issues of design and
   manufacturing and attempts to establish a system dynamics model combining
   design and manufacturing sustainability ( cdms ) . through the method of
   system dynamics , vensim software is used as the research tool , and the
   functions and influence proportions of the influencing variables are
   substituted into the model and then calculated . the information feedback
   mechanism and the causal cycle principle are used to simulate the
   development state of design and manufacturing . the results show that cdms
   can smoothly present the interaction between design and manufacturing , and
   the variables are related to each other , showing the advantages of the cdms
   model in analyzing the sustainable development of design and manufacturing .
   the research can provide further reference for follow_up research and
   practical application . 2019 , 2019 the author ( s ) . this open access
   article is distributed under a creative commons attribution ( cc_by ) 4.0
   license .
DE design; manufacturing; sustainable development; system dynamics

---

UT 612
AR Sriram KV, 2018, INTJ CIV ENG TECHNOL, V9, P1454
TI Building energy efficiency using system dynamics approach - A case study in
   an academic block
AU Sriram KV; Michael LK; Mathew AO; Nair I; Shaikh T
TC 4
SO INTJ CIV ENG TECHNOL
PY 2018
AB the electricity consumption in commercial buildings and educational
   institutions is increasing rapidly over the last few year . it is imperative
   to study this consumption pattern and adopt techniques and technologies to
   reduce the consumption . the aim of this study is to identify the variables
   that directly or indirectly affect the energy consumption in a building .
   for this study a building infrastructure of a leading educational
   institution was considered . a model has been developed using the concept of
   system dynamics to analyze the dynamics of electricity consumption and to
   illustrate the relationship between the identified variables . a system
   dynamics modeling tool , vensim , has been used for this purpose . the
   results revealed that there is a scope for change in the lighting system .
   two solutions are proposed_to replace all present cfls with leds . and to
   reduce the number of working days and increasing the number of operating
   hours . this results showed that there is a significant reduction in the
   energy consumption and an increase in the savings . 2018 iaeme publication .
   all right reserved .
DE building energy efficiency; electricity cost; energy audit; energy
   consumption; savings; system dynamics

---

UT 613
AR Cho M, 2018, INT J GRID DISTRIB COMPUT, V11, P1, DOI
   10.14257/ijgdc.2018.11.4.01
TI Response analysis model of social networks using fuzzy sets and system
   dynamics
AU Cho M
TC 0
SO INT J GRID DISTRIB COMPUT
PY 2018
AB research on social network is an important topic in social science . a
   social network is a realistic environment with both network and
   interconnection characteristics . this study presents a simulation model of
   how each node responds to specific inputs ( ex . incentives ) to the social
   networks . in addition , when the setting value of a specific node is
   changed while simulation is performed , the reaction of the related nodes
   can be checked in real time . the simulation model is made by considering
   various environments such as unidirectional , fuzzy set , weighting , and
   cyclic feedback , so this model can be applied in a complex environment of
   practical work . finally , since the simulation model needs to analyze the
   node response to repetitive input and the relation of each node , we
   implemented it using vensim rather than netlogo . 2018 sersc australia .
DE feedback; simulation; social network; social science; system dynamic

---

UT 614
AR Wu Y/1, 2011, CITIES, V28, P147, DOI 10.1016/j.cities.2010.11.002
TI The impact of urbanization policy on land use change: A scenario analysis
AU Wu Y/1; Zhang X/2; Shen L
TC 148
SO CITIES
PY 2011
AB the rapid urbanization has led to extensive land use change particularly in
   those developing countries . in line with the development of urbanization ,
   arable land is decreasing dramatically , which presents the threat to the
   food security for human being . it is therefore essential to understand the
   level of impacts of urbanization on the land use change . this paper
   introduces a dynamic systems based method for assessing the impacts of
   urbanization policy on land use change with reference to the urbanization
   practice in china . four typical policy scenarios are identified in
   implementing urbanization in china , including balanced development driven
   by planning , uneven development driven by planning , balanced development
   driven by market and uneven development driven by market and their impacts
   on land use change are analyzed through a dynamic system model . land use
   change is considered as a dynamic system model composing five subsystems :
   urbanization , social , economic , environmental and land use subsystems .
   the key attributes in these five subsystems are interactive and they are
   dynamic variables . the assessment on the impacts of urbanization policy to
   land use change is demonstrated through employing the software ithink to the
   land use change dynamic model , using the data collected from the jinyun
   county in china . the findings suggest that the urban construction land will
   continue to increase in the foreseeable future in china , while the
   agricultural land will gradually decrease . nevertheless , different policy
   scenarios will have different impacts on these land changes . thus decision
   makers can adopt different policies to control the rate of land use change .
   2010 elsevier ltd .
DE land use change; modeling; regional planning; system dynamics ( sd );
   urbanization policy
ID china; arable land; developing world; land use change; modeling; regional
   planning; urban planning; urban policy; urbanization

---

UT 615
AR Rendón-Sagardi MA, 2014, J APPL RES TECHNOL, V12, P724, DOI
   10.1016/S1665-6423(14)70089-6
TI Dynamic evaluation of production policies: Improving the coordination of an
   ethanol supply chain
AU Rendón-Sagardi MA; Sánchez-Ramírez C; Cortés-Robles G; Alor-Hernández G;
   Moncayo-Martínez LA
TC 5
SO J APPL RES TECHNOL
PY 2014
AB this paper uses system dynamics modeling and process simulation to explore
   coordination in two logistic processes ( procurement and production ) of the
   supply chain of an ethanol plant . in that sense , three production
   scenarios are evaluated to identify : a ) stock movement according to
   current inventory policies , and b ) the critical variables affecting the
   coordination for these two processes . since the main goal in the company is
   to meet customer demand , this research incorporates sales forecasting , and
   four performance indicators to evaluate the state of the processes : 1 )
   average percentage of demand satisfaction , 2 ) maximum amount of ethanol in
   excess , 3 ) available ethanol at the end of the year , and 4 ) inventory
   costs . to model the case study , the change in production yield and
   specific constraints for the chain are considered . the simulation results
   show that system dynamics modeling can be used to observe the effects of
   policies on inventory , and meeting the demand in a real system . it also
   can define the coordination for a supply chain and give information to
   improve it . the developed model uses stella software to simulate the
   logistic processes and execute the evaluation employing the performance
   indicators .
DE ethanol plant; procurement; production; supply chain; system dynamics

---

UT 616
AR Boyko AA, 2019, J PHYS CONF SER, V1333, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1333/3/032009
TI Dynamic simulation of calculating the purchase of equipment on credit
AU Boyko AA; Kukartsev VV/1; Tynchenko VS; Kukartsev VA; Chzhan EA; Mikhalev AS
TC 11
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2019
AB the dynamic simulation of calculation of the purchase of the equipment on
   credit is presented in this article . the model is developed on the basis of
   systems dynamics method with the help of powersim studio . calculations were
   carried out for two ways of paying off the credit debt : annuity and
   differentiated . the model was used as the tool for researching the variants
   of payment and deciding which one is more beneficial . as a result , the
   different sums of credit payments were received ( assignments of percent ,
   payments on a principal debt , the total amount of credit payments , etc . )
   . the conducted research allows drawing a conclusion that the developed
   dynamic simulation is rather universal and it is possible to conduct the
   various research concerning the different sides of purchasing the equipment
   on credit on its basis . published under license by iop publishing ltd .
ID investments; purchasing; systems dynamics; two ways; sales

---

UT 617
AR Bang H, 2017, ADV SCI LETT, V23, P1557, DOI 10.1166/asl.2017.8609
TI Application of system dynamics approach to group performance model
AU Bang H; Kim B
TC 0
SO ADV SCI LETT
PY 2017
AB the purpose of this study is to explore an alternative approach for modeling
   and analyzing the dynamic nature of organizational behaviors within groups .
   we assume that system dynamics can provide an alternative approach for
   resolving traditional research problems of static correlational
   relationships or of the one_way causal direction approach in organizational
   behavior studies . we derived a hypothetical and exploratory causal model
   and stockand_flow diagram for exploratory group performance model from
   antecedent literatures . then we simulated the stock_and_flow diagram with
   vensim ple software . our results show that the causal diagram of system
   dynamics can integrate all the complex circular causal relationships into
   one comprehensive model . furthermore , we can draw possibilities to utilize
   computer_based simulation approach in organizational behavior research .
   2017 american scientific publishers . all rights reserved .
DE complex circular causal relationship; group performance model; system
   dynamics approach

---

UT 618
AR Sattari MT, 2020, J TEKIRDAG AGRIC FAC, V17, P406, DOI 10.33462/jotaf.703167
TI Investigating the effect of managing scenarios of flow reduction and
   increasing irrigation water demand on water resources allocation using
   system dynamics (case study: Zonouz dam, Iran); [Sistem dinamigi
   kullanilarak akis azaltma ve sulama suyu talebinin artirilmasi
   senaryolarinin su kaynaklari tahsisi üzerine etkisinin arastirilmasi (örnek
   cąlisma: Zonouz baraji, Iran)]
AU Sattari MT; MIrabbasi R; Dolati H; Sureh FS; Ahmad S/1
TC 10
SO J TEKIRDAG AGRIC FAC
PY 2020
AB meeting the healthy nutrition needs of the increasing population in the arid
   and semi_arid climates of the different regions of the world such as iran
   has become very important for the agriculture ministry and water resources
   managers . in this study , the system dynamics approach was used in the
   vensim software environment to allocate the water of the zonouz dam
   reservoir for irrigation purposes in the northwest of iran . for this
   purpose , the existing surface water resources in the basin and the amounts
   of agricultural water and environmental water demands were determined and a
   water allocation plan was developed . in the first stage of the study , it
   was found that if the existing water resources and demands will not change ,
   the amount of water stored in the reservoir will provide approximately 91 %
   of irrigation water demands and approximately 99 % of environmental water
   needs . the model created in the study was found to be sensitive to
   reservoir inputs and irrigation water demands . within the scope of this
   study , the impact of two different scenarios that may occur as a result of
   climate change and irrigation management in the operation of the reservoir
   was evaluated . the decrease in the amount of water entering the reservoir
   in the first scenario and the increase in irrigation water needs in the
   second scenario are assumed within the next 10 years . according to the
   simulation results of the first scenario , irrigation water demands will not
   be met sufficiently with the decrease in the amount of water to be stored in
   the reservoir due to the decrease in the amount of water entering the
   reservoir in the next 10 years . according to the results of the second
   scenario , in the next 10 years due to possible climate change or if the
   cultivated area increases due to some new agricultural policies . the amount
   of water stored in the reservoir will not meet the irrigation demands and
   there will be water shortage in the system . in this case , it is necessary
   to make changes in irrigation water management and use new irrigation
   systems to save water . based on the findings of the study , it has been
   observed that the impact of all types of irrigation water policies can be
   successfully evaluated within the scope of the system dynamics approach .
   2020 namik kemal university_agricultural faculty . all rights reserved .
DE iran; system dynamics; vensim; water resources allocation; zonouz dam

---

UT 619
AR Yuan H-P, 2013, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V33, P2415
TI Dynamic modeling the economic effectiveness of construction waste management
AU Yuan H-P; Wang J-Y
TC 12
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2013
AB the aim of this study is to investigate the economic effectiveness of
   construction waste management by using a system dynamics approach . firstly
   , interrelations of factors affecting the economic effectiveness of
   construction waste management were depicted . then a dynamic model was
   developed for assessing the economic effectiveness of construction waste
   management with the aid of vensim software package . the findings show that
   the model established is reliable and effective for assessment . meanwhile ,
   the model could be adopted for assessing the economic effectiveness of
   construction waste management and provide useful guides and references for
   relevant decision making .
DE construction waste; economic effectiveness; system dynamics; waste
   management
ID system theory; waste management; construction waste managements;
   construction wastes; economic effectiveness; system dynamics; system
   dynamics approach; economic and social effects

---

UT 620
AR Widmark S, 2012, PHYS TEACH, V50, P105, DOI 10.1119/1.3677287
TI Modeling Physical Systems Using Vensim PLE Systems Dynamics Software
AU Widmark S
TC 5
SO PHYS TEACH
PY 2012
AB many physical systems are described by timedependent differential equations
   or systems of such equations . this makes it difficult for students in an
   introductory physics class to solve many real_world problems since these
   students typically have little or no experience with this kind of
   mathematics . in my high school physics classes , i address this problem by
   having my students use a variety of software solutions to model physical
   systems described by differential equations . these include spreadsheets ,
   applets , software my students themselves create , and systems dynamics
   software .1 for the latter , cost is often the main issue in choosing a
   solution for use in a public school and so i researched no_cost software . i
   found sphinx sd,2 optisim ,3 systems dynamics ,4 simile ( trial edition ) ,5
   and vensim ple.6 in evaluating each of these solutions , i looked for the
   fewest restrictions in the license for educational use , ease of use by
   students , power , and versatility . in my opinion , vensim ple best
   fulfills these criteria .7 . american association of physics teachers .

---

UT 621
AR Sakundarini N, 2019, TECHNOL ECO-INNOVATION SUSTAIN ECO DES PROD SERV, P117,
   DOI 10.1007/978-981-13-1181-9_10
TI Component Recoverability Analysis in Product Design Using System Dynamic
   Modelling
AU Sakundarini N; Riwayat NS; Chin CMM; Yap EH; Ghazilla RAR; Abdul-Rashid SH
TC 1
SO TECHNOL ECO-INNOVATION SUSTAIN ECO DES PROD SERV
PY 2019
AB the fundamental objective of the research is to develop a system that
   analyzes component recoverability at the product design stage using two
   separate tools , namely , a system dynamic model ( sdm ) and the
   recoverability factor formula . engineers can utilize both the sdm and
   recoverability factor formula at the design stage to develop eco_friendly
   products . both the sdm and the recoverability factor enable engineers to
   optimize their products from the resource recovery perspective . the sdm
   built using vensim ple provides a visual representation of the resource and
   energy consumptions and financial aspects of the component production ,
   recovery , and disposal . the recoverability factor measures various aspects
   of the product design from a static standpoint by examining the product ' s
   physical design which includes material compatibility , disassembly
   complexity , geometric positioning of each component , time taken for
   disassembly , depth factor , generic factor through standard component index
   ( sci ) , and energy consumption improvement ( eci ) . the novelty of this
   research is that it has two different aspects to it . the recoverability
   factor provides with an index to measure how recoverable the product is ,
   regardless of the cost or end_of_life ( eol ) strategies . the sdm provides
   a clear view of how sustainable the design is over time with consideration
   of not just the environmental effect but also the financial impact on the
   manufacturer . the recoverability factor is generic and can be used for any
   types of product made from any materials in any industry , whereas precedent
   studies focused more on specific products , e . g . automotive , footwear ,
   and electronic and electrical equipment ( eee ) . springer nature singapore
   pte ltd . 2019 .
DE energy consumption ecodesign; recoverability; standard component index;
   system dynamics

---

UT 622
AR Wu M-H, 2013, PEDIATR NEONATOL, V54, P389, DOI 10.1016/j.pedneo.2013.04.010
TI Theoretical system dynamics modeling for Taiwan pediatric workforce in an
   era of national health insurance and low birth rates
AU Wu M-H; Yu J-Y; Huang C-H
TC 18
SO PEDIATR NEONATOL
PY 2013
AB background in an era of declining birth rates and a single_payer health care
   system , the pediatric workforce might overreact to its demands . system
   dynamics ( sd ) were therefore applied to establish models to predict the
   future need and demand for the pediatric workforce . materials and methods
   data of population and workforce were extracted from national databases and
   models developed using vensim software . results in the past decade , the
   child_to_pediatrician ratio correlated with infant mortality in taiwan ( p <
   0.001 , r2 = 0.88 , child_to_pediatrician ratio = 146 + 354 infant
   mortality/1000 live births ) . currently , the child_to_pediatrician ratio
   is 1742:1. using the millennium development goals ( 2.437/1000 live births )
   for infant mortality , the child_to_pediatrician ratio was estimated as
   1009:1. the pediatric population model incorporated the birth and mortality
   rates in each age category , accurately predicted population changes between
   1974 and 2010 , and projected a decreasing trend until 2017 . the pediatric
   workforce model , which considered rates of enrollment , completion ,
   certification , and retention , predicted a decrease in the supply of
   pediatricians in the mid_2010s that could be delayed by policy incentives .
   when targeting the base scenario , the model indicated that discrepancies
   between demands and supply of pediatricians would occur in the late 2010s
   toward 2020 . when targeting the millennium development goals scenario ,
   however , the discrepancies would be consistent . conclusion effective sd
   models were developed for the population and health care workforce . the
   strengths of the sd models are derived from simulation , which is subject to
   influence from new policies . policies can , therefore , be examined and
   intervened in a timely manner . copyright 2013 , taiwan pediatric
   association . published by elsevier taiwan llc . all rights reserved .
DE pediatrics; system dynamics; workforce
ID birth rate; databases factual; female; humans; male; middle aged; models
   theoretical; national health programs; pediatrics; taiwan; pediatrics;
   system dynamics; workforce; article; birth rate; certification; child to
   pediatrician ratio; computer program; computer simulation; data base; health
   care manpower; human; infant mortality; live birth; mathematical model;
   national health insurance; pediatrician; population model; statistical
   parameters; taiwan

---

UT 623
AR Wang T/2, 2011, INT CONF E-BUS E-GOV ICEE - PROC, P720, DOI
   10.1109/ICEBEG.2011.5881611
TI A study on the flow of economic factors during the process of urban and
   rural integration by system dynamics modeling and simulation
AU Wang T/2; Tong G
TC 0
SO INT CONF E-BUS E-GOV ICEE - PROC
PY 2011
AB this paper studies the basic framework of economic factors mobility
   framework during the process of integration of urban and rural from the
   perspective of system dynamics . by positive feedback of economic factors
   mobility , the causal loop diagrams of human resources , technology and
   funds are analyzed . furthermore , a flow chart and system dynamics model
   are established . vensim ple is used to simulate and test the validation and
   application value of model . the simulation results show that the model
   could fit the revolution of practical integration effect , and provide valid
   suggestions for regional economical management . 2011 ieee .
DE economic factors; modeling and simulation; system dynamics; urban and rural
   integration
ID electronic commerce; feedback; government data processing; integration;
   system theory; causal loop diagrams; economic factors; economical
   management; flow charts; modeling and simulation; simulation result; system
   dynamics; system dynamics model; system dynamics modeling; urban and rural
   integration; computer simulation

---

UT 624
AR Tseng C-H, 2019, J CLEAN PROD, V239, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2019.118006
TI System dynamics modeling of waste management, greenhouse gas emissions, and
   environmental costs from convenience stores
AU Tseng C-H; Hsu Y-C; Chen Y-C
TC 32
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2019
AB the municipal solid waste ( msw ) , food waste , and spent coffee grounds (
   scg ) generated by the fast_growing convenience store market is expected to
   affect the environment . in this study , six waste management scenarios and
   their greenhouse gas ( ghg ) emissions and environmental costs were
   evaluated using a system dynamics model from stella software . a maximum ghg
   mitigation of 24.22 % was reached when both food waste and scg were
   anaerobically digested with energy recovery . energy recovery from waste
   management is helpful for ghg mitigation , but its effects are limited .
   recycling msw is the most costly method of waste management , followed by
   incineration and anaerobic digestion . the highest environmental revenue us
   $ 5332/y was achieved in the third scenario with highest ghg mitigation . to
   meet the requirements of corporate social responsibility , businesses could
   use the method established in this study to evaluate the environmental
   impacts of their ghg emissions and associated costs . 2019 elsevier ltd
DE cost; energy; food waste; greenhouse gas; spent coffee grounds; waste
ID anaerobic digestion; costs; environmental management; gas emissions;
   greenhouse gasses; system theory; waste incineration; wastes; corporate
   social responsibilities ( csr ); energy; environmental costs; food waste;
   management scenarios; municipal solid waste ( msw ); spent coffee grounds;
   system dynamics model; municipal solid waste

---

UT 625
AR Marzouk M, 2017, ENERGY BUILD, V134, P143, DOI 10.1016/j.enbuild.2016.10.034
TI Analyzing sustainability in low-income housing projects using system
   dynamics
AU Marzouk M; Azab S
TC 20
SO ENERGY BUILD
PY 2017
AB low_income housing ( lih ) projects have a vital role in developing
   countries as they serve a large sector of society . hence , they are
   considered one of the most important projects funded by governments . the
   total life_cycle cost ( lcc ) of these projects is incurred during the use
   phase , making these projects lose its economic aspect of sustainability .
   therefore , it is important to decrease the costs of such projects during
   their life cycle , taking into consideration the available resources . this
   paper focuses on two aspects of the sustainability of building through its
   life cycle . environmental and economic . for this purpose , the methodology
   considers reasonable costs that fit lih projects using environmentally
   friendly materials . the methodology is based on assessing the lcc of lih
   projects , taking into consideration initial cost and operation costs . the
   paper focuses on green_building materials with minimal cost , corresponding
   to the maximum number of points awarded under the leadership in energy and
   environmental design ( leed ) rating system . this methodology is developed
   through the formulation of the system dynamics ( sd ) model using a stella
   software package . the proposed model is capable of considering the dynamic
   nature and interactions among major variables affecting the assessment of
   economic and environmental performances of selected green materials . the
   proposed assessment methodology helps the decision makers in governmental
   housing authorities to modify the current management policies for improving
   the current situation of lih . in addition , it aids government and / or
   contractors to minimize lcc while achieving maximum leed material credit
   points for lih projects . a detailed case study in egypt is presented to
   clarify the practical features of the proposed model . 2016 elsevier b . v .
DE green building; leed; life cycle cost ( lcc ); low-income housing ( lih );
   sustainability; system dynamics modeling
ID sustainable building; sustainable development goals; green buildings;
   housing projects; leadership in energy and environmental designs; life cycle
   cost; low-income housing; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; total
   life cycle costs; use phase; green buildings

---

UT 626
AR Simonetto EDO, 2014, INT J ENV SUSTAIN DEV, V13, P339, DOI
   10.1504/IJESD.2014.064960
TI Simulation computer to evaluate scenarios of solid waste - An approach using
   systems dynamics
AU Simonetto EDO
TC 8
SO INT J ENV SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2014
AB the article presents the development , validation and experimentation of
   simulation model using systems dynamics methodology , which allows users and
   managers to evaluate and analyze scenarios about the generation and disposal
   of urban solid waste . the developed model takes into account the following
   rates and information : rate of population natural increase ( births and
   deaths ) , percentage of urban solid waste sent to each type of final
   disposal and the quantity of waste generated per inhabitant . the simulated
   scenarios take into account three distinct situations : a ) current scenario
   with varying rates . b ) current scenario with static rates . c ) scenario
   with rates similar to the netherlands ' s . the model ' s validation was
   developed through the analysis of future scenarios for a municipality in
   brazil ' s southern region . with the generated results , the area managers
   may , in advance , evaluate and decide possible ways for improvements or
   adjustments in the management of municipal solid waste . the best simulated
   scenario was with rates similar to the netherlands ' s . for the system
   modeling and development vensim simulator was used . copyright 2014
   inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE computational simulation; decision making process; population growth; solid
   waste
ID decision making; managers; population statistics; solid wastes;
   verification; waste disposal; computational simulation; decision making
   process; developed model; final disposals; population growth; simulation
   model; system modeling; systems dynamics; municipal solid waste

---

UT 627
AR Lee H, 2015, J KOREAN ACAD NURS, V45, P723, DOI 10.4040/jkan.2015.45.5.723
TI Non-linear system dynamics simulation modeling of adolescent obesity: Using
   Korea youth risk behavior web-based survey
AU Lee H; Park ES; Yu JK; Yun EK
TC 4
SO J KOREAN ACAD NURS
PY 2015
AB purpose : the purpose of this study was to develop a system dynamics model
   for adolescent obesity in korea that could be used for obesity policy
   analysis . methods : on the basis of the casual loop diagram , a model was
   developed by converting to stock and flow diagram . the vensim dss 5.0
   program was used in the model development . we simulated method of moments
   to the calibration of this model with data from the korea youth risk
   behavior web_based survey 2005 to 2013 . we ran the scenario simulation .
   results : this model can be used to understand the current adolescent
   obesity rate , predict the future obesity rate , and be utilized as a tool
   for controlling the risk factors . the results of the model simulation match
   well with the data . it was identified that a proper model , able to predict
   obesity probability , was established . conclusion : these results of stock
   and flow diagram modeling in adolescent obesity can be helpful in
   development of obesity by policy planners and other stakeholders to better
   anticipate the multiple effects of interventions in both the short and the
   long term . in the future we suggest the development of an expanded model
   based on this adolescent obesity model . 2015 korean society of nursing
   science .
DE adolescent; nonlinear dynamics; obesity
ID adolescent; humans; internet; nonlinear dynamics; obesity; republic of
   korea; risk factors; risk-taking; surveys and questionnaires; adolescent;
   high risk behavior; human; internet; nonlinear system; obesity; pathology;
   questionnaire; risk factor; south korea

---

UT 628
AR Djati AP, 2019, INDIAN J PUBLIC HEAL RES DEV, V10, P753, DOI
   10.5958/0976-5506.2019.00593.X
TI System dynamic model of leptospirosis control in demak, indonesia, 2014
AU Djati AP; Ramadhani T; Pramestuti N; Priyanto D; Handayani T; Budhi Soesilo
   TE
TC 1
SO INDIAN J PUBLIC HEAL RES DEV
PY 2019
AB cases of leptospirosis persist in demak district of indonesia every year .
   it is needed a mix method ( epidemiology , ecology , and system thinking
   approach ) to analyze and to choose the best intervention based on time
   series data . the study located in demak , jawa tengah on may to november ,
   2014 . based on an existing model that formulated by time series data for
   six years ( 2007 2013 ) , leptospirosis control was simulated using a system
   dynamics method . the simulation was based on seven pre_defined scenarios .
   the software used to assist the completion of the dynamic model was powersim
   version 2.5 for windows . predictions extended over 5 years . the model
   predicted that , if the intervention was biological control and included
   rodent control , the leptospirosis cases could be prevented up to 20.7 % .
   wound care could prevent up to 1.6 % of the disease . efforts to prevent
   direct contact between healthy humans and urine of infected rodents had the
   strongest impact on reducing leptospirosis in this model , as this could
   decrease cases by up to 98.14 % . domestic waste management as a source of
   rodent food in households reduced the predicted number of leptospirosis
   cases by 1.8 % . a combination of the prevention of contact between healthy
   humans with contaminated water , wound care , biological and mechanical
   rodent control , and domestic waste management together resulted in a
   predicted incidence of 0.45 % leptospirosis cases per year . the model was a
   useful tool to predict the efficiency of leptospirosis control under various
   intervention scenarios . 2019 , indian journal of public health research and
   development . all rights reserved .
DE control; interventions; leptospirosis; scenarios; system dynamic model
ID article; behavior; computer simulation; disease control; human; indonesia;
   leptospira; leptospirosis; nonhuman; predictive value; urinalysis; waste
   management; water contamination; wound care

---

UT 629
AR Orji IJ, 2015, COMPUT IND ENG, V88, P1, DOI 10.1016/j.cie.2015.06.019
TI An innovative integration of fuzzy-logic and systems dynamics in sustainable
   supplier selection: A case on manufacturing industry
AU Orji IJ; Wei S/2
TC 144
SO COMPUT IND ENG
PY 2015
AB globally , supply chains compete in a complex and rapidly changing
   environment . hence , sustainable supplier selection has become a decisive
   variable in the firm ' s financial success . this requires reliable tools
   and techniques to select the best sustainable supplier and enhance
   understanding about how supplier behavior evolves with time . system
   dynamics ( sd ) is an approach to investigate the dynamic behavior in which
   the system status alterations correspond to the system variable changes .
   fuzzy logic usually solves the challenges of imprecise data and ambiguous
   human judgment . thus , this work presents a novel modeling approach of
   integrating information on supplier behavior in fuzzy environment with
   system dynamics simulation modeling technique which results in a more
   reliable and responsible decision support system . supplier behavior with
   respect to relevant sustainability criteria in the past , current and future
   time horizons were sourced through expert interviews and simulated in vensim
   to select the best possible sustainable supplier . simulation results show
   that an increase in the rate of investment in sustainability by the
   different suppliers causes an exponential increase in total sustainability
   performance of the suppliers . also , the growth rate of the total
   performance of suppliers outruns their rate of investment in sustainability
   after about 12 months . a dynamic multi_criteria decision making model was
   presented to compare results from the systems dynamics model . 2015 elsevier
   ltd
DE fuzzy logic; supplier selection; sustainability; systems dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; computer circuits; decision making; decision
   support systems; fuzzy logic; reconfigurable hardware; supply chains; system
   theory; integrating information; manufacturing industries; multicriteria
   decision making models; supplier selection; sustainability performance;
   sustainable supplier selections; system dynamics simulation; systems
   dynamics; sustainable development

---

UT 630
AR Xu L/3, 2019, CHIN GEN PR, V22, P1663, DOI
   10.12114/j.issn.1007-9572.2018.00.326
TI Prediction of Hypertension Management Input in Community Based on System
   Dynamics; [基于系统动力学的社区高血压管理投入预测]
AU Xu L/3; Li T; Huang T; Su J/2; Yi C
TC 0
SO CHIN GEN PR
PY 2019
AB background : after receiving the management objectives issued by the
   superior units , there is no definite answer on the service volume change of
   hypertension management in the community and the number of medical stuffs
   needed . objective : to forecast the annual service volume and community
   input of hypertension management in by system dynamics method , so as to
   provide suggestions for the improvement of hypertension management system in
   community . methods : fenglin street community health center , xuhui
   district of shanghai , was selected as the research subject from september
   2017 to march 2018.historical data query and questionnaire survey were
   conducted to collect the data about service volume and community input of
   hypertension management from 2007 to 2016.system dynamics software vensim
   ple was used to forecast the annual service volume and community input in
   hypertension management . the results showed that the absolute value of the
   relative error was less than 0.05 between forecasting data and actual data
   concerning the newly increased number of people involved in hypertension
   management and the number of people with hypertension under management at
   the beginning of the year . this indicated that the model could basically
   reflect the operation of hypertension management system , and could be used
   to forecast the volume of hypertension management service and community
   input in fenglin street community health center . results : the results
   showed that the annual increase number in hypertension management in fenglin
   street community health center was expected to be nearly equal to the loss
   number from 2018 , thus basically stabilizing the number of people with
   hypertension in management at about 17 000 , and the annual community input
   is expected to reach about 1 million yuan . conclusion : based on the system
   dynamics model , hypertension management service volume and input prediction
   in community are scientific , and the prediction results reveal the pressure
   of this system . therefore , it is suggested that the hypertension
   management system in community should pay more attention to the performance
   of its executors in the near future , and make efforts in informationization
   and training low_cost personnel in the long run . copyright 2019 by the
   chinese general practice .
DE community health services; hypertension; input; management; service volume;
   system dynamics

---

UT 631
AR Li C/4, 2010, INT CONF SCI ENG ICISE - PROC, P6178, DOI
   10.1109/ICISE.2010.5689333
TI Study on the co-opetition of eco-industrial chain members by system dynamics
   methods
AU Li C/4; Wang Q/2; Li Y/9
TC 0
SO INT CONF SCI ENG ICISE - PROC
PY 2010
AB the competition and cooperation relationship is the key factor that
   maintains the stable development of ecological industry chain . this paper
   uses the system dynamics vensim software to simulate the enterprise
   competition and cooperation relationship in the hybrid ecological industry
   chain . based on the data collected from sino_singapore eco_park , the waste
   material flow is transferred into power which is then quantified . the
   mathematic model and dynamic development are combined through the vensim
   software . the competition and cooperation relationship development of the
   whole ecological industry chain is simulated . so did the competition and
   cooperation relationship among core enterprises and between the core
   enterprises and supplementary enterprises , which could provide bases for
   decision making . 2010 ieee .
DE eco-industrial chain; system dynamics; the co-opetition
ID decision making; ecology; energy conversion; industry; information science;
   system theory; co-opetition; competition and cooperation; dynamic
   development; enterprise competition; industrial chain; industry chain; key
   factors; mathematic model; singapore; system dynamics; waste materials;
   competition

---

UT 632
AR Malisa R, 2020, IEEE SYST J, V14, P1523, DOI 10.1109/JSYST.2019.2921246
TI Augmenting Water Supplies through Urban Wastewater Recycling (March 2019)
AU Malisa R; Schwella E; Batinge B
TC 6
SO IEEE SYST J
PY 2020
AB projections indicate a high_risk water stress level ( +80 % ) in the western
   cape province of south africa by 2040 . the reassessment of water management
   is paramount in ensuring water security for the generations to come . water
   management approach , which recognizes the value of alternative water
   sources such as urban wastewater recycling ( uwwr ) amid shrinking surface
   water supplies is of critical importance . this management process mimics
   natural systems , placing the focus on stakeholder engagement and meaningful
   public participation . the objective is to ensure a vibrant economy , social
   equity , and protection of water resources for current and future
   generations . this paper ' s main goal is the assessment of the impact of
   uwwr on water availability in the stellenbosch urban water system . vensim
   ple 7.2 systems dynamic modeling tools constructed the qualitative and
   quantitative systems dynamics models . the results from the simulation
   indicated that uwwr in stellenbosch has a significant potential of
   augmenting water supplies over a period of ten years . of the three
   scenarios investigated , the 50 % reuse scenario projected the best option
   for augmenting water supplies . in addition , results extrapolated from
   availability index graphs , depicted a water availability index , which is
   greater than 1 for every uwwr scenario investigated , i . e . , 10 % , 30 %
   , and 50 % , a positive result which supports the decision for uwwr in
   stellenbosch as a water augmentation option . 2007_2012 ieee .
DE integrated urban water management; stellenbosch; systems dynamics; urban
   wastewater recycling
ID economic and social effects; surface waters; wastewater reclamation; water
   conservation; water management; water supply; alternative water sources;
   integrated urban water management; protection of water resources;
   stakeholder engagement; stellenbosch; systems dynamics; urban wastewater;
   water management approaches; water recycling

---

UT 633
AR Ramachandran S, 2018, ADV MATER PAVEMENT PERFORM PREDICT - PROC INT AM3P
   CONF, P543, DOI 10.1201/9780429457791-131
TI Pavement maintenance scheduling—a system dynamics approach
AU Ramachandran S; Amirthalingam V
TC 0
SO ADV MATER PAVEMENT PERFORM PREDICT - PROC INT AM3P CONF
PY 2018
AB the pavement maintenance is a critical component of the pavement life cycle
   . the effective pavement maintenance needs the pavement performance under
   do_nothing scenario as well as under various treatment choices . the
   performance of a pavement is characterized in terms of the various
   distresses viz . , functional distress and structural distress . when a
   pavement is intervened for maintenance , each treatment offer varied levels
   of effectiveness for different distresses . these are expressed in
   deterioration models and treatment effectiveness models . as pavement
   behaves as a system , the system dynamics concept can be adopted to study
   the interaction of deterioration progression and treatment effectiveness on
   traffic loading over a period of time . integrating the above components
   with the agency cost , a system dynamic model is formulated and implemented
   using system dynamic software powersim . optimization is performed using
   evolutionary principle in the software . this study identifies the minimum
   agency cost required for optimal scheduling of pavement maintenance for a
   planning period of 9 years . 2018 taylor and francis group , london .
DE deflection; deterioration models; maintenance; pavement; performance;
   roughness; system dynamics
ID life cycle; maintenance; pavements; scheduling; system theory; traffic
   surveys; agency costs; critical component; deflection; deterioration
   modeling; maintenance scheduling; pavement maintenance; pavement
   performance; performance; system dynamics; system dynamics approach;
   deterioration

---

UT 634
AR Stadnicka D/1, 2017, PROCEDIA CIRP, V62, P363, DOI
   10.1016/j.procir.2016.06.038
TI Value Stream and System Dynamics Analysis - An Automotive Case Study
AU Stadnicka D/1; Litwin P
TC 21
SO PROCEDIA CIRP
PY 2017
AB one way to reduce costs in companies is decreasing inventory levels and
   improving the value flow . in the present case study a production line where
   automotive door seals are manufactured was analyzed . first , an analysis
   with the use of value stream mapping was undertaken in order to identify
   processes and a material flow . the current state and future state maps were
   developed . then , these maps were used to prepare the model of the
   production system , of which dynamics have been analyzed with the use of
   vensim software . as the results , the dynamics of inventory levels along
   with the manufacturing system were obtained . 2017 the authors . published
   by elsevier b . v .
DE inventory levels reduction; system dynamics analysis; value stream analysis;
   value stream mapping
ID mapping; system theory; automotive door; inventory levels; production line;
   production system; system dynamics; value stream analysis; value stream
   mapping; vensim softwares; manufacture

---

UT 635
AR Sarlis AS, 2015, AIP CONF PROC, V1644, P339, DOI 10.1063/1.4907856
TI Twitter's tweet method modelling and simulation
AU Sarlis AS; Sakas DP; Vlachos DS
TC 0
SO AIP CONF PROC
PY 2015
AB this paper seeks to purpose the concept of twitter marketing methods . the
   tools that twitter provides are modeled and simulated using ithink in the
   context of a twitter media_marketing agency . the paper has leveraged the
   system ' s dynamic paradigm to conduct facebook marketing tools and methods
   modeling , using ithinktm system to implement them . it uses the design
   science research methodology for the proof of concept of the models and
   modeling processes . the following models have been developed for a twitter
   marketing agent / company and tested in real circumstances and with real
   numbers . these models were finalized through a number of revisions and
   iterators of the design , develop , simulate , test and evaluate . it also
   addresses these methods that suit most organized promotion through targeting
   , to the twitter social media service . the validity and usefulness of these
   twitter marketing methods models for the day_to_day decision making are
   authenticated by the management of the company organization . it implements
   system dynamics concepts of twitter marketing methods modeling and produce
   models of various twitter marketing situations . the tweet method that
   twitter provides can be adjusted , depending on the situation , in order to
   maximize the profit of the company / agent . 2015 aip publishing llc .

---

UT 636
AR Wu M, 2010, PROC INT CONF E-BUS E-GOV ICEE, P1760, DOI 10.1109/ICEE.2010.445
TI Analysis of scientific and technological development in Sichuan Province
   based on system dynamics
AU Wu M; Liu Z/1
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF E-BUS E-GOV ICEE
PY 2010
AB the authors used the system dynamics methods , applied the vensim ple
   software to set up the dynamic structure model of technology development
   system , put up numerical simulation to study the principles of technology
   development system and the operational process , analyzed the power
   mechanism of technology development , so as to provide a reference for the
   future development of technology strategy formulation and effective
   implementation . 2010 ieee .
DE sichuan province; system dynamics; technology development; vensim
ID computer simulation; computer software; electronic commerce; government data
   processing; numerical methods; system theory; dynamic structure models;
   numerical simulation; operational process; power mechanisms; sichuan
   province; system dynamics; technological development; technology
   development; technology strategies; vensim; technology

---

UT 637
AR [Anonymous], 2018, PROC INT CONF MANAG TECHNOL ICIMTECH, P560, DOI
   10.1109/ICIMTech.2018.8528173
TI Development Model Availability of Rice in Indonesia Using System Dynamics
   Approach
TC 4
SO PROC INT CONF MANAG TECHNOL ICIMTECH
PY 2018
AB rice is one of the food crops that can not be replaced for the people of
   indonesia . rice is a primary food of indonesia ' s population . with the
   need for availability of rice will also be arranged for not until blackspots
   . indonesia has the level of rice consumption of 125.67 kg / capita / year (
   data ministry of agriculture indonesia , 2015 ) . rice also has a strategic
   role in the stability of food security . the purpose of this study was to
   analyze the availability of rice as consumption in the future , we use a
   vensim equation , then the simulation using historical data to produce
   graphs . the graph shows a steady population growth then create a simulation
   of the dynamic model for planning the provision of rice and provide policy
   alternatives for decision makers . 2018 ieee .
DE dynamics; food; model; rice; system
ID agriculture; decision making; dynamics; food products; food supply;
   information management; models; decision makers; development model;
   historical data; population growth; rice; strategic role; system; system
   dynamics approach; population statistics

---

UT 638
AR Voinov A, 2019, ENCYCL ECOL VOL 1-4 ED, V2, P58, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-12-409548-9.11143-1
TI Conceptual Diagrams and Flow Diagrams
AU Voinov A
TC 0
SO ENCYCL ECOL VOL 1-4 ED
PY 2019
AB diagrams are probably the next most widely used type of models after mental
   and verbal models . intuitively when presenting a model we tend to start
   drawing diagrams to explain the assumptions and simplifications made . with
   the advent of new software tools it becomes easier to use the computer to
   design these conceptual diagrams , especially since these software packages
   in many cases can convert the diagrams into computer code and generate
   numerical models for further analysis . most of the systems dynamics
   software ( such as stella , madonna , powersim , simile and others ) can be
   readily used to put together conceptual models and flow diagrams . more
   advanced tools are based on the uml ( unified modeling language ) approach
   and can generate computer code in java , php , c++ , python , and other
   languages . 2019 elsevier b.v . all rights reserved .
DE cognitive maps; conceptual model; mental model; qualitative modeling; space;
   structure; time

---

UT 639
AR Jetha A, 2016, J OCCUP REHABIL, V26, P276, DOI 10.1007/s10926-015-9613-2
TI Return-to-Work Within a Complex and Dynamic Organizational Work Disability
   System
AU Jetha A; Pransky G; Fish J; Hettinger LJ
TC 23
SO J OCCUP REHABIL
PY 2016
AB background return_to_work ( rtw ) within a complex organizational system can
   be associated with suboptimal outcomes . purpose to apply a sociotechnical
   systems perspective to investigate complexity in rtw . to utilize system
   dynamics modeling ( sdm ) to examine how feedback relationships between
   individual , psychosocial , and organizational factors make up the work
   disability system and influence rtw . methods sdms were developed within two
   companies . thirty stakeholders including senior managers , and frontline
   supervisors and workers participated in model building sessions .
   participants were asked questions that elicited information about the
   structure of the work disability system and were translated into feedback
   loops . to parameterize the model , participants were asked to estimate the
   shape and magnitude of the relationship between key model components . data
   from published literature were also accessed to supplement participant
   estimates . data were entered into a model created in the software program
   vensim . simulations were conducted to examine how financial incentives and
   light duty work disability_related policies , utilized by the participating
   companies , influenced rtw likelihood and preparedness . results the sdms
   were multidimensional , including individual attitudinal characteristics ,
   health factors , and organizational components . among the causal pathways
   uncovered , psychosocial components including workplace social support ,
   supervisor and co_worker pressure , and supervisor_frontline worker
   communication impacted rtw likelihood and preparedness . interestingly , sdm
   simulations showed that work disability_related policies in both companies
   resulted in a diminishing or opposing impact on rtw preparedness and
   likelihood . conclusion sdm provides a novel systems view of rtw . policy
   and psychosocial component relationships within the system have important
   implications for rtw , and may contribute to unanticipated outcomes . 2015 ,
   the author ( s ) .
DE complexity; return to work; sociotechnical systems; system dynamics
   modeling; work disability management
ID disabled persons; humans; models organizational; models psychological;
   return to work; workplace; disabled person; human; nonbiological model;
   organization and management; psychological model; psychology;
   rehabilitation; return to work; workplace

---

UT 640
AR Boyko AA, 2019, J PHYS CONF SER, V1333, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1333/7/072003
TI Simulation-dynamic model for calculating the equipment leasing
AU Boyko AA; Kukartsev VV/1; Tynchenko VS; Korneeva AA; Kukartsev VA; Mikhalev
   AS
TC 5
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2019
AB the article presents a simulation_dynamic model for calculating leasing
   payments for leased equipment . the model was developed based on the system
   dynamics method using powersim studio tools . in the model , the
   calculations were carried out for financial leasing , regressive payment
   schedule and the method of minimum deductions . the model was used as a tool
   to study options for leasing payments with linear and non_linear deprecation
   methods , with a multiplying factor_accelerated depreciation . as a result
   of experiments with options , various amounts of leasing payments (
   depreciation , loan payments , commission fees , total leasing payments ,
   etc . ) were received . the conducted study allows us to conclude that the
   constructed simulated dynamic model is quite universal and on its basis , it
   is possible to carry out a variety of studies concerning various aspects of
   equipment leasing . published under license by iop publishing ltd .
ID depreciation; nonlinear; system dynamics; dynamic models

---

UT 641
AR Wang Y/11, 2019, J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY, V11, DOI 10.1063/1.5085829
TI The effect of electric-power substitution policy on the energy
   transformation in China: A system-dynamics approach
AU Wang Y/11; Zhang Y/8; Yang J/4; Zhang F; Wang S/1; Ma Y/3
TC 4
SO J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY
PY 2019
AB accurate forecasting of regional energy supply and demand is of great
   significance for exploring alternative energies and promoting a strategic
   energy transformation . to support this transformation in china , we predict
   the chinese energy demand and explore connections between energy
   substitution and energy structure transformation . to study how the
   electric_power substitution ( eps ) policy affects energy demand in china ,
   we construct a dynamic management model based on the approach of system
   dynamics and implement it by using vensim software . this model is used to
   simulate and assess how , under different scenarios , the eps policy affects
   energy demand and co2 emissions in china for the period 2015_2035. the
   simulation shows the indispensable role of the eps policy in promoting the
   transformation of china ' s energy structure . 2019 author ( s ) .
ID economics; energy management; alternative energy; dynamic management; energy
   structures; energy supplies; energy transformation; system dynamics; system
   dynamics approach; vensim softwares; system theory

---

UT 642
AR Yang F/1, 2013, APPL MECH MATER, V340, P312, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.340.312
TI Analysis and verification of bullwhip effect based on system dynamics
AU Yang F/1; Zhang B; Su Z
TC 0
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2013
AB to study the bullwhip effect ( bwe ) in supply chain ( sc ) , this paper
   built two system dynamics ( sd ) models strictly referring to the ar ( 1 ) (
   autoregressive process ) model constructed by frank chen . using vensim
   simulation software , it analyzed the impact of the correlation coefficient
   of demand , lead time , smoothing time of demand and information to bwe ,
   and then put forward some proposals on how to reduce bwe . by contrasting
   the simulation results of sd models with the ar ( 1 ) models ' , it verifies
   the validity of the ar ( 1 ) model of frank chen from a simulation
   perspective . it also shows sd model combined with ar ( 1 ) model can
   analyze bwe in sc reliably and powerfully . ( 2013 ) trans tech publications
   , switzerland .
DE bullwhip effect; simulation; supply chain; system dynamics
ID computer software; manufacture; supply chains; system theory; analysis and
   verifications; auto regressive process; bullwhip effects; correlation
   coefficient; sd models; simulation; simulation software; system dynamics;
   computer simulation

---

UT 643
AR Li X/15, 2013, NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V29, P247, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1002-6819.2013.16.031
TI Multi-objective optimization of land use structure in western Jilin province
   based on system dynamics
AU Li X/15; Xu L/2; Jiang E
TC 14
SO NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2013
AB optimizing land use structure is the foundation and core of the overall plan
   for land use . at present , domestic scholars have mostly used system
   dynamics ( sd ) model , multiobjective programming ( mop ) model to optimize
   land use structure , in order to overcome the limitations of single model ,
   achieve the compensation of mutual advantages , and to raise the accuracy ,
   reliability , feasibility and operability of date of prediction scheme ,
   this article combines the sd model with the mop model and constructs sd_mop
   integrated model . first , combining the research purpose , it defines the
   system boundary and establishes the level and rate variable system , divides
   the system into 3 subsystems : population system , economic system and land
   use structure system , and utilizes vensim software platform to establish
   the causality graph of land use structure system and constructs the sd model
   of land use structure system , then makes initial simulation of land use
   structure according to historical data . second , it utilizes sensitivity
   model to identify the sensitive factors of land use structure . and takes
   the sensitive factors as the decision variables , while relying on the sd
   model to establish objective functions of economic benefit and ecological
   benefit , forming constraint conditions of objective functions to construct
   mop model , and solves it . finally , puts the solution into sd model to
   optimize land use structure . in the case of western jilin in this article ,
   we utilized 2 periods tm remote sensing images of the year 2000 and 2010 and
   combined with the field investigation , we interpreted the remote sensing
   images accurately , the accuracy of interpretation was approximately 90 %
   _95 % . take the interpretation as the source of land use structure data and
   the statistical yearbook of the socio_economic as the source of economic
   data , we then simulated and optimized the land use structure of western
   jilin using the model of sd_mop based on the objectives of economy and
   ecology . the result shows that : if we utilize the sd model , by 2020 the
   growth rate of economic benefits will reach 12.35 % compare to the 10.33 %
   of 2015 , the economic benefits will increase remarkably , but the growth
   rate of ecological benefits will go down to 0.61 % compare to the 3.43 % of
   2015 , yet the eco_efficiency will not improve . although it would promote
   the economic development of western jilin , it would also lead to the
   deterioration of the ecological environment and influence land ecological
   balance , it would make the utilization of land resources unsustainable and
   finally influence the development of regional economy . so the sd scheme is
   unfeasible . if we utilize sd_mop model to optimize the land use structure
   of western jilin province , with an increase of 7.43 % in economic benefit
   and 3.09 % in ecological benefit , cultivated land and construction land
   will be increased by 2705.74 km2 and 349.89 km2 respectively , but woodland
   , grassland , water area , unutilized land will be decreased by 12.75 km2 ,
   11.51 km2 , 270.43 km2 and 2772.56 km2 respectively . compared with single
   objective model of sd , the increase amplitude of the cultivated land will
   be decreased by 31.55 % and 14.97 % respectively , and the woodland ,
   grassland , waters and unutilized land will be decreased by 42.70 % , 20.99
   % , 42.68 % , 29.34 % respectively . it will not only develop the economy
   and protect the ecological environment , but also will improve the land use
   efficiency and realize the sustainable utilization of land resources . the
   conclusions are : sd_mop scheme is better than sd scheme of a single
   objective . the sd_mop integrated model is worth popularizing since it would
   optimize land use structure scientifically and systematically and the
   optimized results is objective and reasonable .
DE ecology; economics; land use; optimization; sd-mop model ( system dynamics-
   multi-objective programming ); the west of jilin province
ID computer programming; computer simulation; ecology; image reconstruction;
   land use; multiobjective optimization; natural resources; optimization;
   regional planning; system theory; constraint conditions; ecological
   environments; jilin province; multiobjective programming; remote sensing
   images; sd-mop model ( system dynamics-multi-objective programming ); single
   objective models; sustainable utilization; economics

---

UT 644
AR Ciplak N, 2012, WASTE MANAG RES, V30, P576, DOI 10.1177/0734242X12443405
TI A system dynamics approach for healthcare waste management: A case study in
   Istanbul Metropolitan City, Turkey
AU Ciplak N; Barton JR
TC 49
SO WASTE MANAG RES
PY 2012
AB healthcare waste consists of various types of waste materials generated at
   hospitals , medical research centers , clinics and laboratories . although
   75_90 % of this waste is classified as ' domestic ' in nature , 20_25 % is
   deemed to be hazardous , which if not disposed of appropriately , poses a
   risk to healthcare workers , patients , the environment and even the whole
   community . as long as healthcare waste is mixed with municipal waste and
   not segregated prior to disposal , costs will increase substantially . in
   this study , healthcare waste increases along with the potential to decrease
   the amounts by implementing effective segregation at healthcare facilities
   are projected to 2040 . our long_term aim is to develop a system to support
   selection and planning of the future treatment capacity . istanbul in turkey
   was used as the case study area . in order to identify the factors affecting
   healthcare waste generation in istanbul , observations were made and
   interviews conducted in istanbul over a 3 month period . a system dynamics
   approach was adopted to build a healthcare waste management model using a
   software package , vensim ple plus . based on reported analysis , the
   non_hazardous municipal fraction co_disposed with healthcare waste is around
   65 % . using the projected waste generation flows , reducing a municipal
   fraction to 30 % has the potential to avoid some 8000 t year _1 of
   healthcare waste by 2025 and almost 10 000 t year _1 by 2035 . furthermore ,
   if segregation practices ensured healthcare waste requiring incineration was
   also selectively managed , 77 % of healthcare waste could be diverted to
   alternative treatment technologies . as the throughput capacity of the only
   existing healthcare waste treatment facility in istanbul , kemerburgaz
   incinerator , has already been exceeded , it is evident that improved
   management could not only reduce overall flows and costs but also permit
   alternative and cheaper treatment systems ( e . g . autoclaving ) to be
   adopted for the healthcare waste . the author ( s ) 2012 .
DE health care waste; municipal waste; segregation; system dynamics modeling;
   treatment capacity
ID health facility administration; medical waste disposal; models
   organizational; planning techniques; turkey; istanbul [ turkey ]; turkey;
   health care; incineration; research; segregation ( metallography ); system
   theory; waste treatment; health care facility; health care waste management;
   health care wastes; health care workers; istanbul; medical research;
   metropolitan cities; municipal waste; study areas; system dynamics; system
   dynamics approach; throughput capacities; treatment capacity; treatment
   systems; treatment technologies; waste generation; domestic waste; hazardous
   waste; health risk; health worker; hospital sector; incineration;
   metropolitan area; municipal solid waste; software; waste treatment;
   article; city; computer program; cost control; health care facility;
   hospital waste; model; planning; priority journal; system dynamics modeling;
   turkey ( republic ); waste management; waste segregation; waste treatment
   capacity; waste incineration

---

UT 645
AR Ming YG, 2018, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P20, DOI 10.1145/3277139.3277175
TI Research on the relationship between enterprise data mining capability and
   alliance performance based on system dynamics
AU Ming YG; Jun SY; Hang Y; Hao Z/1
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2018
AB data mining is one of the important tools for intelligent information
   processing and decision_making in the information age . based on the
   principles and methods of system dynamics , the study establishes a causal
   relationship model between enterprise data mining capabilities and strategic
   alliance performance , and uses vensim software to verify the simulation .
   research shows that data mining capability has a positive impact on
   strategic alliance performance , and the impact of technical alliance ' s
   technical support on technical performance is gradient_related . this study
   provides a reference for enterprises to use data mining technology to
   improve the performance of strategic alliances . copyright 2018 is held by
   the owner / author ( s ) .
DE alliance performance; corporate performance; data mining capability; system
   dynamics ( sd )
ID computer software; decision making; information management; system theory;
   technology transfer; alliance performance; causal relationship models;
   corporate performance; data mining technology; intelligent information
   processing; strategic alliance; system dynamics; technical performance; data
   mining

---

UT 646
AR Chen J/2, 2018, PAP ASIA, V1, P156
TI Discussion on the dynamic model of paper mills economic system based on
   complex system
AU Chen J/2; Huang G
TC 0
SO PAP ASIA
PY 2018
AB to improve the quality and structure of economic growth , system dynamics is
   used for the complex problems research . based on the analysis of the
   industrial economic growth momentum , the influence of changes of each
   subsystem to the added value of industrial economic growth is investigated .
   also , the interaction between various factors is closed studied . finally ,
   the empirical industry study chooses industry to look into the economic
   system dynamics model research . the vensim system is employed to simulate
   the growth of industrial economy from 2005 to 2015 . through the smart
   control some parameters , the optimum selection of industrial economy and
   the relevant policy recommendations are made . finally come to the
   conclusion that industrial economic growth plays an important role in the
   stable development of the national economy and it greatly influences
   environment pollution . 2018 , shpmedia sdn bhd . all rights reserved .
DE complex system; industrial economy; system dynamics
ID control systems; development; dynamics; economic analysis; growth; quality;
   research; economic analysis; large scale systems; system theory; complex
   problems; economic growths; environment pollution; industrial economy;
   national economy; optimum selection; policy recommendations; system
   dynamics; industrial economics

---

UT 647
AR Elmasry SS, 2014, PROCEDIA CIRP, V17, P410, DOI 10.1016/j.procir.2014.01.116
TI Investigating best capacity scaling policies for different reconfigurable
   manufacturing system scenarios
AU Elmasry SS; Youssef AMA; Shalaby MA
TC 5
SO PROCEDIA CIRP
PY 2014
AB this research presents a system dynamics approach to model and analyze a
   single stage reconfigurable manufacturing system ( rms ) . the model is a
   continuous time model . the system is exposed to a random demand that is
   assumed to follow a normal distribution pattern . scaling capacity up or
   down is assumed unrestricted , and no outsourcing is allowed . new
   modifications to the existing state of the art capacity scaling model are
   applied in order to bring it closer to reality . a cost model for evaluating
   different scaling policies is introduced and a module for considering
   seasonal demand is added . the full_fledged simulation model was developed
   and tested using vensim dss double precision 5.2a package . comprehensive
   experimentation and analysis are applied to evaluate the performance of five
   capacity scaling policies under different system scenarios . the unit cost
   is the performance measure considered for policies assessment .
   experimentations are applied on three stages . preliminary experimentation
   to select the effective factors among all factors , taguchi fractional
   factorial design to select significant factors among the effective factors ,
   and 24 full factorial design to conduct multiple system scenarios that are
   used in the policy assessment process . policy selection rules are produced
   based on the full factorial design results to help a practitioner in
   deciding the best scaling policy according to the existing system scenario .
   the results show that chasing demand policy and inventory_based policy have
   the best performance in most system scenarios . 2014 elsevier b.v . this is
   an open access article under the cc by_nc_nd license .
DE capacity scaling policy; manufacturing system; system dynamics
ID computer aided manufacturing; continuous time systems; industrial research;
   normal distribution; system theory; capacity scaling; continuous time
   modeling; distribution patterns; fractional factorial designs; full
   factorial design; reconfigurable manufacturing system; system dynamics;
   system dynamics approach; capacity scaling policy; performance; policy
   assessment; scalings; system scenarios; manufacture; smart manufacturing

---

UT 648
AR Kim GJ, 2019, PROC IAHR WORLD CONGR, P4345, DOI 10.3850/38WC092019-1599
TI APPLICATION OF SHARED VISION PLANNING FOR DROUGHT MITIGATION CLIMATE CHANGE
   ADAPTATION COUNCIL IN KOREA
AU Kim GJ; Yoon HN; Seo SB; Kim Y-O
TC 4
SO PROC IAHR WORLD CONGR
PY 2019
AB damage due to multi_year droughts mainly caused by climate change are
   increasing worldwide , and korea was also affected by the drought that took
   place from 2015 to 2017 . also , traditional unilateral decision making
   processes to alleviate the damage from droughts have resulted in conflicts
   between many involved groups , the need for active participation from both
   stakeholders and policymakers has become more important than before . in
   this research , ' shared vision planning , ' a collaborative approach that
   involves participation from various groups of stakeholders , was applied in
   a research area by organizing a water policy council . moreover , a ' shared
   vision model ' was developed with the stakeholders by using stella architect
   software and by applying the concept of system dynamics . multiple
   simulations that include various future climate change scenarios were
   selected to measure the risk from potential droughts . as a result , the
   source of water supply , proved to be more vulnerable than the districts in
   all three aspects of performance indices , reliability , resiliency , and
   vulnerability . moreover , although total water deficit in the districts was
   not very significant , discordance between the districts where the
   alternatives to prevent water shortage is being developed and where water
   deficit is projected to happen should be managed . in the future , the model
   will be further modified according to the stakeholders ' needs , with
   possible seminars to educate the stakeholders for easier use of the
   developed model . 2019 , iahr .
DE multi-year drought; shared vision planning; stakeholder participation model;
   system dynamics

---

UT 649
AR Tan YY, 2010, PROCEDIA ENV SCI, V2, P399, DOI 10.1016/j.proenv.2010.10.044
TI An early warning system of water shortage in basins based on SD model
AU Tan YY; Wang X
TC 8
SO PROCEDIA ENV SCI
PY 2010
AB the water resource system , related to society , economy and environment ,
   is a compound feedback system . supply and demand of the water resources in
   basins interacts with the development of social economy as well as the
   aquatic ecosystem . therefore once suffering crisis of water shortage , not
   only the socioeconomic system will be confronted with large financial loss ,
   but also the original aquatic ecological equilibrium in basins will be
   broken . this paper constructed an early warning system of water shortage by
   using stella software based on the system dynamics ( sd ) model , which has
   been believed to delineate clearly the coupling correlation between the
   water resource and the social economic system and aquatic ecosystem . the
   ecological flow was considered as an indispensable element in the water
   demand . so the calculation model of ecological flow was involved in the sd
   model , which distinguished it from traditional model of water resources
   supply and demand . moreover , the supply and demand ratio was chosen to
   predict the variation of supply and demand of the socioeconomic water as
   well as ecological flow by means of simulation under a given scenario of
   water shortage . 2010 published by elsevier ltd .
DE early warning; ecological flow; stella; system dynamic; water shortage
ID economic and social effects; economics; ecosystems; information science;
   losses; stream flow; water supply; early warning; ecological flow; stella;
   system dynamic; water shortage; water resources

---

UT 650
AR Das R, 2018, INT J BUS SYST, V28, P178, DOI 10.1504/IJBIS.2018.091863
TI System dynamics-based approach to manpower planning: A study of Indian
   microfinance institutions
AU Das R; Bhar C
TC 4
SO INT J BUS SYST
PY 2018
AB the purpose of this paper is to analyze the manpower planning process of
   indian microfinance institutions ( mfis ) . the paper describes a model that
   can assist management of mfis to deal with the challenges microfinance
   organizations face in case of manpower planning . in this study , a system
   dynamics_based model has been developed for manpower planning and the model
   estimates the requirement of staff members and executives at different
   levels under various scenarios that will help the organization in designing
   effective strategy to successfully manage their human resource strategically
   . the research methodology is in accordance with the principles of system
   dynamics . the model has been developed using ithink software and has been
   validated by computing root mean square error between the actual values of
   the variables and the model generated values . the study will help the
   microfinance organizations to plan , manage and strategically focus on
   manpower planning in its desired direction . copyright 2018 inderscience
   enterprises ltd .
DE executives; manpower planning; microfinance institutions; simulation;
   staffs; system dynamics

---

UT 651
AR Nicho M, 2019, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P29, DOI 10.1145/3380678.3380682
TI Applying system dynamics to model advanced persistent threats
AU Nicho M; Fakhry H
TC 3
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2019
AB system dynamics ( sd ) concept has been successfully applied to analyze
   issues that are non_linear , complex , and dynamic in disciplines namely
   social sciences and technology . however , its application to cyber security
   issues especially threats that involves multiple variables interacting with
   the technical as well as the organizational domain is lacking . in this
   respect , advanced persistent threat ( apt ) is regarded as a highly
   targeted and sophisticated attack using zero_day malware , stealth , and
   multiple advanced techniques to gain entry and maintain its presence inside
   organizational network unnoticed . being a threat that exploits technical as
   well as organizational vulnerabilities , preventing it at the security
   perimeter and , detecting it once it enters the system is a challenge till
   date . to demonstrate the application of sd in identifying and analyzing the
   effect of each of the variables , we took the equinox data breach as a case
   study . the variables leading to the breach were identified , entered into
   vensim software and simulated to get the results . through this exercise ,
   we could identify seven key independent management variables for the
   technical security and three key independent variables for records breach .
   this research being the foremost study to apply sd to apt , we presume that
   by modeling apt attacks using sd through a case study this paper , thus
   provides insights into the dynamics of the threat . furthermore , it
   suggests ' what if ' strategies to minimize apt risks thereby reduce the
   extent of damages should an apt attack occur . 2019 association for
   computing machinery .
DE advanced persistent threats; cyber-threats; data breach; systems dynamic
ID cloud computing; social sciences computing; system theory; advanced
   persistent threats; cyber-threats; data breach; independent variables;
   organizational network; systems dynamics; technical security; vensim
   softwares; malware

---

UT 652
AR Xie Z/1, 2012, J NAT DISASTERS, V21, P155
TI Analysis and simulation of evolution mechanism of urban seismic secondary
   disasters
AU Xie Z/1; Ma Z
TC 5
SO J NAT DISASTERS
PY 2012
AB in this study , the mechanism of the urban seismic secondary disasters was
   analyzed , and based on this , the causal loop diagram and stock and flow
   map were drawn , and a system dynamics model of the evolution process of the
   urban seismic secondary disasters was developed , validated and simulated
   using the vensim ple software . as a result , corresponding loss scenarios
   caused by seismic secondary disasters in cities with different
   anti_earthquake capability were obtained to give a reference to
   strengthening the anti_earthquake work in cities .
DE city; earthquake; seismic secondary disaster; system dynamics
ID disaster management; earthquake; seismicity; urban area

---

UT 653
AR Li C-B/1, 2012, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V32, P2731
TI System dynamics model of construction project risk element transmission
AU Li C-B/1; Lu G-S
TC 15
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2012
AB based on the generic project risk element transmission theory and system
   dynamics , a system dynamics model of construction project risk element
   transmission was developed . it considered the factors leading to the
   quantity increase of construction projects as risk element , it analyzed the
   transfer process of construction project risk element , and then it
   constructed a corresponding causal feedback loop . by assigning values to
   model variables and establishing functions between them , the model was
   simulated through software ithink . the results indicate that risk element
   exerts different degrees of influence on project cost , time and quality ,
   and that the more risk element occurs , the faster will the impact
   accelerate through the internal structure of project . in addition , it can
   be concluded that the model results chart , which reflects the dynamic
   changes of individual construction project factor with time , can provide
   sound evidence for risk management and project management .
DE construction project; risk element; system dynamic; transmission
ID project management; risk management; system theory; transmissions;
   construction project risk; construction projects; dynamic changes; feedback
   loop; internal structure; model results; model variables; project cost;
   project risk; risk elements; system dynamics; system dynamics model;
   transfer process; computer simulation

---

UT 654
AR Mortazavi S, 2020, PR PERIOD STRUCT DES CONSTR, V25, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)SC.1943-5576.0000493
TI Risk Evaluation and Prioritization in Bridge Construction Projects Using
   System Dynamics Approach
AU Mortazavi S; Kheyroddin A; Naderpour H
TC 30
SO PR PERIOD STRUCT DES CONSTR
PY 2020
AB bridges are the indispensable arterial transport of a country . iran , as a
   vast country , needs to develop a variety of road transportation inside and
   outside cities . accelerating construction procedures and controlling costs
   are project management requirements . risks , in many cases , disrupt the
   progress of the projects and impose costs on the project . the present
   article began with field studies , distribution of questionnaires , and the
   use of spss17 software to detect and prioritize the risk of bridge
   construction projects . then , dynamic hypotheses were issued for
   prioritized risks , and causal loops were drawn . subsequently , another
   questionnaire was designed to explore the relationship between risks and
   analyze risk behavior . after obtaining results from field research , the
   system dynamics and vensim7 software were used to model and investigate the
   behavior and interaction of risks . finally , ten diagrams showing the
   effect of risks on each other were exemplified to examine and analyze the
   designed model . 2020 american society of civil engineers .
DE dynamic hypothesis; risk; risk assessment; system dynamics
ID bridges; risks; surveys; system theory; bridge constructions; construction
   procedures; controlling costs; designed models; risk evaluation; road
   transportation; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; project
   management

---

UT 655
AR Woo TH, 2015, ANN NUCL ENERGY, V81, P91, DOI 10.1016/j.anucene.2015.03.016
TI Social networking-based simulations for nuclear security: Strategy
   assessment following nuclear cyber terror on South Korean nuclear power
   plants (NPPs)
AU Woo TH; Kwak SM
TC 6
SO ANN NUCL ENERGY
PY 2015
AB nuclear energy has been studied for the secure power productions , which is
   based on the simulation study following the incident of nuclear cyber terror
   attack on south korean nuclear power plants ( npps ) . the social networking
   is used for the terror incident modeling and its prevention strategies . the
   nuclear industry could be investigated in the aspect of minimizing the
   dangerous situations caused by possible terror attacks which are considered
   by the society oriented connectivity among the related people or groups .
   the social networking circle by system dynamics diagram ( sncsd ) is
   constructed , where the configuration of a model social networking example
   by system dynamics ( sd ) is applied . from a to h regions , the values are
   obtained by the random numbers incorporated with the designed algorithms .
   the results show the comparative values of terror possibilities which are
   based on the proposed social networking algorithm . it is possible to
   prepare for potential terrorism in the nuclear industry . 2015 elsevier ltd
   . all rights reserved .
DE cyber terror; social networking circle by system dynamics diagram ( sncsd );
   social networking service ( sns ); system dynamics ( sd ); vensim
ID mobile security; nuclear energy; nuclear industry; nuclear power plants;
   system theory; terrorism; cyber terror; dangerous situations; nuclear
   security; prevention strategies; simulation studies; social networking
   services; system dynamics; vensim; social networking ( online )

---

UT 656
AR Lefaan Y, 2019, PROC INT CONF ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI ICECOS, P291, DOI
   10.1109/ICECOS.2018.8605233
TI Electricity Demand Forecasting of Household Sector in Papua Province 2050
AU Lefaan Y; Dalimi R
TC 4
SO PROC INT CONF ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI ICECOS
PY 2019
AB household sector electricity demand plays an important role in electricity
   demand forecasts in the short , medium , and long_term . this is due to the
   increase in electricity demand from year to year in line with the increasing
   of the population , the electrification ratio ( er ) and the people ' s
   welfare . this study is intended to simulate household electricity demand
   and the average electricity needs per household in 2016_2050 in some areas
   of papua province . biak_numfor regency , jayapura municipality , jayawijaya
   regency , and merauke regency selected in this study to represent each of
   these areas . the method used is an exponential regression between human
   development index ( hdi ) and average electricity consumption per household
   using system dynamics model based on historical data 2007_2015. a powersim
   studio tool used to simulate the household sector electricity demand model .
   at the beginning of the simulation year obtained hdi were 71.47 . 78.93 .
   55.03 and 68.41 respectively in biak_numfor regency , jayapura municipality
   , jayawijaya regency , and merauke regency . at the end of the simulation ,
   year obtained hdi were 83.65 . 87.80 . 75.88 and 83.56. electricity demand
   of the household sector at the beginning of the simulation year was 55.128
   gwh , 191.610 gwh , 34.038 gwh , 94.679 gwh . at the end of the simulation ,
   the year was 126,473 gwh , 515,517 gwh , 128,468 gwh , 319,140 gwh . the
   average electricity needs per household at the beginning of the simulation
   year was 1,649 . 2,810 . 2,353 . 2,039 in kwh / household . at the end of
   the simulation was 2,250 . 5,466 . 2,037 . 4,047 in kwh / household . 2018
   ieee .
DE electricity needs per household; electricity of the household sector; hdi
ID computer science; computers; electrical engineering; mathematical
   techniques; electricity demand forecasting; electricity demand models;
   electricity demands; electricity-consumption; exponential regression;
   household sectors; human development index; system dynamics model; electric
   power utilization

---

UT 657
AR Ramachandra C, 2018, ADV CIV ENG MATER, V7, DOI 10.1520/ACEM20170057
TI Application of system dynamics to integrate pavement preservation in
   flexible pavement design process
AU Ramachandra C; Ramachandran S; Veeraragavan A
TC 3
SO ADV CIV ENG MATER
PY 2018
AB the performance of a pavement depends on factors like the characteristics of
   the materials in different pavement layers , traffic , climates ,
   environments , construction quality , etc . though a pavement is designed
   for 15 years , conventionally , the pavement reaches the threshold level of
   performance before the design life , warranting minor and major
   rehabilitation treatments because of factors beyond the control of the
   designer . however , the maintenance and rehabilitation treatments during
   the design life of a pavement are not considered in the design process . the
   performance of a pavement is defined in terms of the various distresses , i
   . e . , cracking , rutting , roughness , potholes , etc . the performance of
   the pavement also depends on the strength properties of different pavement
   layers and their thicknesses , quality of construction , traffic , climate ,
   etc . the level of influence of these parameters on each of the distresses
   is different . in this study , the mechanistic empirical pavement design
   guideline design tool aashtoware is used to simulate the data for cracking (
   percentage of bottom up fatigue cracking ) , rutting ( total rutting ) , and
   roughness in terms of the international roughness index . a sensitivity
   analysis is carried out to study the influence of the design parameters on
   the distresses . from the results of aashtoware simulations , a relationship
   is established between design input parameters and distress growth using
   multiple linear regression . while this model gives the estimate of distress
   over time with respect to the design parameters , the year at which the
   first preservation activity has to be carried out is to be determined .
   considering the pavement as a system , the system dynamics concept could be
   well suited to study the influence of various factors on the performance of
   the pavement . a system dynamic model is formulated and implemented using
   system dynamic software powersim . this study identifies the optimal
   intervention year for the pavement preservation strategies that depend on
   traffic level , design layer thicknesses , and modulus ( strength ) of the
   pavement layers . 2018 by astm international .
DE aashtoware; design; deterioration models; performance; sensitivity analysis;
   system dynamics
ID cracks; linear regression; pavement overlays; quality control; sensitivity
   analysis; system theory; aashtoware; deterioration models; international
   roughness index; maintenance and rehabilitations; mechanistic-empirical
   pavement design; multiple linear regressions; performance; system dynamics;
   design

---

UT 658
AR Wang Z/2, 2019, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V252, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/252/4/042123
TI Research on Environmental Feedback Mechanism Based on System Dynamics
AU Wang Z/2
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2019
AB cultural science and technology integration and innovation has become a new
   way to promote the coordinated development of culture and science and
   technology . based on the theory of fusion innovation and collaborative
   innovation , this paper applies the basic principles of system dynamics to
   construct the causality model of the interaction between cultural system and
   technology system , and uses vensim ple software to simulate the system and
   analyze the path of cultural technology fusion innovation and its
   influencing factors . the research results show that : culture and
   technology integration innovation system is composed of complex feedback
   mechanisms that interact with each other . each feedback loop represents the
   realization path of cultural science and technology fusion innovation . in
   the implementation path , cooperation between industry , universities and
   research institutes , market demand forecasting accuracy , innovation there
   is a significant positive impact between the perfection of incentive
   mechanism , the perfection of cultural intermediary service system and the
   integration of cultural science and technology innovation . published under
   license by iop publishing ltd .
ID environmental technology; feedback control; system theory; collaborative
   innovation; feedback mechanisms; incentive mechanism; intermediary services;
   market demand forecasting; research institutes; science and technology;
   technology integration; engineering research

---

UT 659
AR Bouissou M, 2012, INT PROBABILISTIC SAF ASSESS MANAG CONF ANNU EUR SAF
   RELIAB CONF PSAM ESREL, V1, P816
TI Critical comparison of two user friendly tools to study piecewise
   deterministic markov processes (PDMP)
AU Bouissou M; Jankovic M
TC 2
SO INT PROBABILISTIC SAF ASSESS MANAG CONF ANNU EUR SAF RELIAB CONF PSAM ESREL
PY 2012
AB pdmp are a theoretical framework set up by davis twenty years ago . using
   pdmp , it is possible to define rigorously the so_called ' ' dynamic
   reliability ' ' problems , i . e . descriptions of systems mixing
   deterministic evolutions of some continuous state variables and random jumps
   of some other discrete state variables . what makes the study of such
   systems difficult is the two ways dependences that may exist between
   continuous and discrete variables . a ' ' historical ' ' example of such a
   system is the ' ' heated tank system ' ' used by t . aldemir to illustrate
   the ' ' cell to cell mapping ' ' method in 1991 . as it can be seen in the
   literature , all computations on this test case have been done using ' ' ad
   hoc ' ' programs requiring a long development and validation process . this
   can be explained by the fact that , hybrid systems being ' ' in between ' '
   the worlds of continuous deterministic models and discrete random models ,
   none of the user friendly tools developed in one of these domains is readily
   usable for pdmp . the purpose of this article is to compare two existing ,
   user friendly tools in terms of modeling power , solving performance ( cpu
   time ) and other criteria , via the resolution of a very simple dynamic
   reliability test case : one of the tools is based on kb3 , a tool initially
   designed for ' ' classical ' ' dependability analyzes , and the other one is
   based on vensim , a tool well known in the community of engineers and
   researchers using ' ' system dynamics ' ' , i . e . deterministic models
   based on differential equations . copyright ( 2012 ) by iapsam and esra .
DE kb3; pdmp; system dynamics; vensim
ID differential equations; hybrid systems; markov processes; safety
   engineering; system theory; cell-to-cell mapping; continuous state; cpu
   time; dependability analysis; deterministic models; discrete variables;
   dynamic reliability; kb3; modeling power; other discrete; pdmp; piecewise
   deterministic markov process; random model; system dynamics; tank system;
   test case; theoretical framework; user-friendly tool; validation process;
   vensim; reliability

---

UT 660
AR Li H/2, 2014, INT CONF MANAG SCI ENG - ANNU CONF PROC, P621, DOI
   10.1109/ICMSE.2014.6930287
TI Evaluation and optimization on logistics capability of the postal
   agricultural logistics system
AU Li H/2; Zhang B/1; Yang N
TC 2
SO INT CONF MANAG SCI ENG - ANNU CONF PROC
PY 2014
AB the competitiveness of an enterprise has a close relation to its logistics
   capability which makes the enterprise have the advantage in the market . in
   this study , the logistics capability of the inner mongolia postal
   agricultural logistics was evaluated and optimized as a case . the
   evaluation index system of the logistics capability was established by a
   combination of the key performance indicator ( kpi ) method and the
   performance prism method . the logistics capability was evaluated by the
   triangle fuzzy comprehensive evaluation method . according to the results of
   the evaluation , the casual loop diagram of the inner mongolia postal
   agricultural logistics was established using the vensim tool of the system
   dynamics . the relation between the indexes was clarified and the
   bottle_neck that influenced the logistics capability was illustrated by the
   because / result tree . the indexes of the logistics capability were
   improved and the logistics capability was enhanced by the simulation and
   optimization using the witness software . the results show that the index
   system , evaluation model and method are reliable and valid . 2014 ieee .
DE logistics capability; simulation and optimization; system dynamics
ID agricultural robots; benchmarking; bottles; competition; computer software;
   system theory; evaluation index system; evaluation modeling; fuzzy
   comprehensive evaluation method; key performance indicators; logistics
   capabilities; logistics system; simulation and optimization; system
   dynamics; agriculture

---

UT 661
AR Sharma M, 2019, INT SYMP ADV ELECTR COMMUN TECHNOL ISAECT, DOI
   10.1109/ISAECT47714.2019.9069717
TI Sustainable Tourism Using Decision Support System Based on System Dynamics:
   A Case Study from Amsterdam
AU Sharma M; Sehrawat R
TC 4
SO INT SYMP ADV ELECTR COMMUN TECHNOL ISAECT
PY 2019
AB amsterdam is the capital of the netherlands and known for its rich artistic
   heritage , which includes canals , museums , beautiful ecosystem . the
   canals are the backbone of this beautiful city . they serve various
   functions such as defense , water management , and transport . with
   amsterdam ' s extensive recreational resources and convenient accessibility
   , it attracts many tourists throughout the year . although increased tourism
   has led to significant economic benefits , it has also caused pollution and
   unbalanced development , which have severely degraded the environment and
   canal ecosystem . with the help of the system dynamics ( sd ) approach , we
   develop an effective decision support system ( dss ) to address the issue of
   pollution related to increased tourism . an sd model , based on the
   driving_force , state , and response indicator set , was used to enable the
   integration of the various interlinked factors causing this problem . a dss
   based on the sd model was implemented using the vensim and stella software .
   this dss enables decision_makers to perform scenario analysis by allowing
   them to incorporate their decision preferences . 2019 ieee .
DE amsterdam; causal loop diagram; decision support system; ecosystem; stock
   and flow diagram; system dynamics; tourism
ID artificial intelligence; canals; decision making; ecosystems; hydraulic
   structures; pollution; sustainable development; system theory; tourism;
   water management; decision makers; decision support system ( dss ); economic
   benefits; scenario analysis; stella software; sustainable tourism; system
   dynamics; various functions; decision support systems

---

UT 662
AR Rius-Sorolla G, 2015, DIR ORGAN, V55, P44
TI Evaluation of two strategies coordinated through supply system dynamics: A
   case study in the feld of construction materials; [Evaluación de dos
   estrategias de aprovisionamiento coordinado mediante la dinámica de
   sistemas: Caso de estudio en el sector de materiales de la construcción]
AU Rius-Sorolla G; Maheut J; Estellés-Miguel S; Garcia-Sabater JP
TC 1
SO DIR ORGAN
PY 2015
AB in this paper , a simulation modeling using system dynamics ( vensim ) to
   propose an alternative coordination solution between two companies in the
   construction sector . it is provided a comparison between the feld results
   of an alternative solution provided by the adhesive company in response of
   his customer collaboration request , kitchen bench company , to manage the
   supply and the results of the simulation model .
DE case study; collaboration; coordination; simulation

---

UT 663
AR Zhou X-N, 2019, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V267, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/267/4/042060
TI Research on cooperative lane-changing behavior based on system dynamics
AU Zhou X-N; Wang J-S; Zhu Y/2
TC 1
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2019
AB this research analyzed the contributing factor relating to the cooperative
   lane_changing behavior in the framework of system dynamics . from the
   perspective of traffic management , investigating data includes the current
   states of response toward lane_changing behavior and a series of factors
   related to it , in shenzhen traffic police bureau , china , in both
   qualified and quantified manner . in addition to that , data related to cars
   , drivers , environment , and weather in the same period of time were also
   collected . amos was used to analyze data , before simulating the
   cooperative lane_changing behavior system by vensim in order to explore the
   dynamic influence sequence of various factors on the cooperative
   lane_changing behavior with the change of time . the outcomes illustrate
   that different types and levels of traffic management tactics bring to
   different levels of cooperative lane_changing behavior . by using effective
   law enforcement and increasing the rate of personnel of learning enforcement
   properly and enforcement on time , etc . the cooperative lane_changing
   behavior can be enhanced to a different level noticeably . the evolution
   changing process appears periodically . published under license by iop
   publishing ltd .
ID law enforcement; renewable energy resources; system theory; change of time;
   contributing factor; lane-changing behaviors; system dynamics; traffic
   management; behavioral research

---

UT 664
AR Liu DJ, 2013, APPL MECH MATER, V437, P950, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.437.950
TI Dynamic system study on economic development and its causal feedback
   relations in economic system
AU Liu DJ
TC 2
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2013
AB in order to study the relationship of human capital and economic development
   , we establish the system dynamics model of human capital and economic
   development . according to the analysis of the system dynamics causal
   feedback between human capital and economic development , we build a system
   dynamics flow chart of human capital and economic development by using
   system dynamics software vensim languages and tools , and we simulate the
   development trend of each index variable in human capital and economic for
   the future . ( 2013 ) trans tech publications , switzerland .
DE economic system; human capital; system dynamics
ID product design; system theory; development trends; economic development;
   economic system; human capitals; index variables; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; economic analysis

---

UT 665
AR Orji IJ, 2015, J MANUF TECHNOL MANAG, V26, P1201, DOI
   10.1108/JMTM-11-2014-0120
TI Dynamic modeling of sustainable operation in green manufacturing environment
AU Orji IJ; Wei S/2
TC 23
SO J MANUF TECHNOL MANAG
PY 2015
AB purpose_globally , supply chains compete in a complex and rapidly changing
   environment . hence , sustainable supplier selection has become a decisive
   variable in the firm ' s financial success . this requires reliable tools
   and techniques to enhance understanding on how supplier behavior evolves
   with time and to select the best sustainable supplier . system dynamics ( sd
   ) is an approach to investigate the dynamic behavior in which the system
   alterations correspond to the system variable changes . fuzzy logic usually
   solves the challenges of imprecise data and ambiguous human judgment . the
   paper aims to discuss these issues . design / methodology / approach_this
   work presents a novel modeling approach for integrating information on
   supplier behavior in fuzzy environment with sd simulation modeling technique
   . this results in a more reliable and responsible decision_support system .
   supplier behavior with respect to relevant sustainability criteria were
   sourced through expert interviews and simulated in vensim to select the best
   possible sustainable supplier . the simulation runs were carried out in four
   scenarios , namely , past , current , future and average time horizon for
   four different suppliers . a multi_criteria decision_making model was
   presented to compare results from the systems dynamics model . findings_an
   increase in the rate of investment in sustainability by the different
   suppliers causes an exponential increase in total sustainability performance
   of the suppliers . the growth rate of the total performance of suppliers
   outruns their rate of investment in sustainability after about 12 months .
   originality / value_while a significant work exists regarding supplier
   selection , little work has been found that investigates how to insure
   sustainable suppliers maintain their status for a long period of time .
   emerald group publishing limited .
DE simulation; supplier evaluation
ID decision making; decision support systems; fuzzy logic; green manufacturing;
   supply chains; design/methodology/approach; manufacturing environments;
   multicriteria decision making models; simulation; supplier evaluations;
   sustainability criteria; sustainability performance; sustainable supplier
   selections; sustainable development

---

UT 666
AR Mi L, 2011, ADV INTELL SOFT COMPUT, V105, P13, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-23756-0_3
TI The adaptive material and structure analysis of feedback circuit in industry
   evolution and enterprise growth
AU Mi L; Cheng S
TC 0
SO ADV INTELL SOFT COMPUT
PY 2011
AB from the perspective of material , structure , and growth , enterprise
   growth and industry evolution are a complicated dynamic process . they show
   various dynamic characteristics and structure from birth , growth , maturity
   to recession as an organism . according to the basic knowledge of system
   dynamics and science of material and structure , this paper gives a brief
   analysis of basic structure and mechanism in feedback circuit of industry
   evolution and enterprise growth . this paper analyzes the positive circuit
   and negative circuit in industry evolution and enterprise growth with
   adaptive material called vensim software . thus , we believe positive
   circuit is the driving or dragging force while a negative circuit has the
   effect of balance . we provide initial ideas and suggestions for managers to
   view the industries and enterprises . 2011 springer_verlag berlin heidelberg
   .
DE enterprise growth; feedback circuit; industry evolution
ID biology; electric network analysis; intelligent systems; adaptive materials;
   basic structure; dragging forces; dynamic characteristics; dynamic process;
   enterprise growth; feedback circuit; feedback circuits; industry evolution;
   structure analysis; system dynamics; industry

---

UT 667
AR Marín-González O, 2018, AGRIC SYST, V164, P152, DOI
   10.1016/j.agsy.2018.02.005
TI Building and evaluation of a dynamic model for assessing impact of
   smallholder endowments on food security in agricultural systems in highland
   areas of central America (SASHACA)
AU Marín-González O; Parsons D; Arnes-Prieto E; Díaz-Ambrona CGH
TC 7
SO AGRIC SYST
PY 2018
AB smallholder agricultural systems have an important role in world food
   production . agricultural smallholders in highland areas of the mesoamerican
   dry_corridor are central to improve farming systems . the key issue is that
   the subsistence smallholders are joint producer_consumers , with
   insufficient food production due to extreme environmental and weather
   conditions or incomes to supplement their own production from market sources
   . modeling offers an approach for testing and improving knowledge about
   complex systems . the aim of this paper is to describe and assess a
   biophysical and socio_economic model of the smallholder agricultural systems
   based on maize_bean intercropping in highland areas of central america . a
   vensim dss system dynamics model was developed for assessing the impact of
   smallholder endowments on food security and to identify critical points to
   achieve sustainable food security and poverty alleviation in agricultural
   systems in highland areas of central america ( sashaca ) . the sashaca model
   integrates scientific and practical knowledge of crop management , labor ,
   soil water content , soil nitrogen , food consumption and economic
   components of the system . model evaluation was conducted through a wide set
   of tests for assessment of dynamic models and statistical comparison of
   simulated versus observed data derived from surveys . the model simulates
   realistic outputs and presents logical behavioral representation . the
   maximum relative uncertainty of output variables ranged from 30 % to 53 %
   for univariate and multivariate sensitivity analyzes respectively . the
   model proved to be adequate for assessing food security under scenarios in
   low data availability areas . the sashaca model could be adapted to simulate
   a wide range of smallholder agricultural systems in highland areas of
   central america , and potentially in other locations . 2018
DE bean; intercropping; maize; modelling nutrition; sustainable development
ID central america; mesoamerica; zea mays; agricultural management;
   agricultural modeling; environmental impact assessment; farming system; food
   security; intercropping; legume; maize; market conditions; nutrition;
   poverty alleviation; smallholder; sustainable development

---

UT 668
AR Parsons D, 2011, AGRIC SYST, V104, P1, DOI 10.1016/j.agsy.2010.07.006
TI Development and evaluation of an integrated simulation model for assessing
   smallholder crop-livestock production in Yucatán, Mexico
AU Parsons D; Nicholson CF; Blake RW; Ketterings QM; Ramírez-Aviles L; Fox DG;
   Tedeschi LO; Cherney JH
TC 42
SO AGRIC SYST
PY 2011
AB mixed farming systems constitute a large proportion of agricultural
   production in the tropics , and provide multiple benefits for the world ' s
   poor . however , our understanding of the functioning of these systems is
   limited . modeling offers the best approach to quantify outcomes from many
   interacting causal variables in these systems . the objective of this study
   was to develop an integrated crop_livestock model to assess biophysical and
   economic consequences of farming practices exhibited in sheep systems of
   yucatan state , mexico . a vensimtm dynamic stock_flow feedback model was
   developed to integrate scientific and practical knowledge of management ,
   flock dynamics , sheep production , partitioning of nutrients , labor , and
   economic components . the model accesses sheep production and manure
   quantity and quality data generated using the small ruminant nutrition
   system ( srns ) , and interfaces on a daily basis with an agricultural
   production systems simulator ( apsim ) model that simulates weather , crop ,
   and soil dynamics . model evaluation indicated that the integrated model
   adequately represents the complex interactions that occur between farmers ,
   crops , and livestock . 2010 elsevier ltd .
DE crop-livestock interactions; crop-livestock systems; milpa; sheep; shifting
   cultivation; system dynamics
ID mexico [ north america ]; yucatan; bovidae; ovis aries; agricultural land;
   biophysics; crop production; integrated approach; labor supply; manure;
   mixed farming; model test; nutrient availability; sheep; shifting
   cultivation; smallholder; tropical region

---

UT 669
AR Miller GR, 2012, ECOHYDROL, V5, P200, DOI 10.1002/eco.245
TI Understanding ecohydrological connectivity in savannas: A system dynamics
   modelling approach
AU Miller GR; Cable JM; McDonald AK; Bond B; Franz TE; Wang L/6; Gou S; Tyler
   AP; Zou CB; Scott RL
TC 40
SO ECOHYDROL
PY 2012
AB ecohydrological connectivity is a system level property that results from
   the linkages in the networks of water transport through ecosystems , by
   which feedbacks and other emergent system behaviors may be generated . we
   created a system dynamics model that represents primary ecohydrological
   networks to examine how connectivity between ecosystem components impacts
   ecosystem processes . here , we focused on the savanna ecosystems , although
   the analyzes may be expanded to other ecosystem types in the future . to
   create the model , a set of differential equations representing
   ecohydrological processes was programmed into the dynamic solver vensim .
   stocks of water storage ( e . g . atmospheric and soil moisture ) were
   linked by flows [ e . g . precipitation and evapotranspiration ( et ) ] that
   were in turn dynamically controlled by the amount of water stored .
   precipitation was forced stochastically , and soil moisture and potential et
   controlled actual et . the model produced extended , probabilistic time
   series of stocks and flows , including precipitation , soil moisture ,
   runoff , transpiration , and groundwater recharge . it was used to describe
   the behavior of several previously studied savanna ecosystems in north
   america and africa . the model successfully reproduced seasonal patterns of
   soil moisture dynamics and et at the california site . it also demonstrated
   more complex , system level behaviors , such as multiyear persistence of
   drought and synergistic or antagonistic responses to disconnection of system
   components . future improvements to the model will focus on capturing other
   important aspects of long_term system behavior , such as changes in
   physiology or phenology , and spatial heterogeneity , such as the patchwork
   nature of savannas . 2011 john wiley and sons , ltd .
DE cross-scale interactions; disturbance; evapotranspiration; feedbacks;
   resilience; soil moisture dynamics; system dynamics
ID differential equations; evapotranspiration; feedback; groundwater; phenols;
   soil moisture; system theory; water supply; california; disturbance; dynamic
   solvers; ecosystem components; ecosystem process; ground water recharge;
   resilience; savanna ecosystems; seasonal patterns; soil moisture dynamics;
   spatial heterogeneity; stocks and flows; system components; system dynamics;
   system dynamics model; system levels; water storage; water transport;
   drought; ecohydrology; ecosystem dynamics; ecosystem modeling; ecosystem
   resilience; evapotranspiration; probability; soil ecosystem; soil moisture;
   stochasticity; water storage; ecosystems

---

UT 670
AR Aghdam MS, 2020, J OPTIM IND ENG, V13, P113, DOI
   10.22094/JOIE.2019.582524.1618
TI A system dynamics approach to designing a crowdfunding model in
   technological entrepreneurship ecosystem with a focus on technology
   incubator centers
AU Aghdam MS; Alamtabriz A; Qazvini AS; Zandhessami H
TC 4
SO J OPTIM IND ENG
PY 2020
AB crowdfunding , a new financing method for funding ideas or ventures through
   a large number of relatively small contributions from many individuals has
   witnessed the phenomenal development over the past decade . it involves
   bypassing traditional financial intermediaries and using online web_based
   platforms to connect users of funds with retail funders . this research
   first explores in greater detail the crowdfunding phenomenon , discussing
   its main aspects , as well as the role of the involved stakeholders , and
   then introduce the a system dynamics approach to designing a crowdfunding
   model in technological entrepreneurship ecosystem with a focus on technology
   incubator centers . the present study is based on the system dynamics method
   and this research , in terms of the purpose is applied and in terms of the
   survey method . so for analysis of data , vensim software has been used .
   the simulation results show that technological entrepreneurship ecosystem
   policy combinations can effectively promote crowdfunding , which attracts
   more entrepreneurs to provide their ideas . so crowdfunding could promote
   entrepreneurial to give a greater impact on economics , and contribute to
   building a more sustainable society . 2020 qazvin islamic azad university .
   all rights reserved .
DE crowdfunder; economic value; emergence of new markets; entrepreneurial
   culture; social value

---

UT 671
AR Song H-D, 2011, EDUC TECHNOL SOC, V14, P141
TI A simulation model that decreases faculty concerns about adopting web- based
   instruction
AU Song H-D; Wang W-T; Liu C-Y
TC 11
SO EDUC TECHNOL SOC
PY 2011
AB faculty members have different concerns as they integrate new technology
   into their teaching practices . the integration of web_based instruction in
   higher_education settings will not be successful if these faculty concerns
   are not addressed . four main stages of faculty concern ( information ,
   personal , management , and impact ) were identified based on hall ' s
   concern_based adoption model . by reviewing the literature on the diffusion
   of on_line education , the author identified support factors that may
   decrease faculty concerns about adopting wbi . system dynamics was used to
   examine associations between faculty concerns and these support factors .
   based on these associations , a simulation model was built using stella to
   test the potential impact of support factors on the adoption of wbi by
   faculty members . the simulation model will aid educators and administrators
   in evaluating the impacts of support factors on the adoption of wbi .
   international forum of educational technology and society ( ifets ) .
DE adoption of wbi; faculty concern; stella software; supporting factors for
   adoption of technology; system dynamics

---

UT 672
AR Kivuti-Bitok LW, 2014, COST EFF RESOUR ALLOC, V12, DOI
   10.1186/1478-7547-12-26
TI System dynamics model of cervical cancer vaccination and screening
   interventions in Kenya
AU Kivuti-Bitok LW; McDonnell G; Abdul R; Pokhariyal GP
TC 11
SO COST EFF RESOUR ALLOC
PY 2014
AB objectives : this paper presents a simulation model for evaluating the
   possible effects of a screening and vaccination campaign against human
   papillomavirus [ hpv ] in kenya . method : a system dynamics model was
   developed using the ithinktm computer simulation package . the model was
   based on data extracted from epidemiological , demographic and published
   research and where data was not available , expert opinion was sought . the
   deterministic model stratified the population by vaccination status ,
   screening status and hpv infection status . the model was simulated to
   estimate outputs for the next 50years from 2011 . cost utility indicators of
   disability adjusted life years ( dalys ) and cost per averted daly were used
   for economic evaluation . results : the model predicted that catch up
   vaccination had the greatest impact in reducing the prevalence of cervical
   cancer . this was followed by primary vaccination , with early detection
   through screening having the lowest impact of the three choices of
   interventions in respect of averted cases of cervical cancer and daly
   estimates . conclusion : kenya as a country should consider adoption of
   secondary /catch up vaccination as an immediate measure to curb cervical
   cancer followed by primary vaccination of pre_adolescent girls . screening
   should be a complementary measure ( s ) . this model provides a policy
   decision support vehicle that can allow for choice between different
   interventions based on their expected outcomes . it also allows modification
   to accommodate new research results and information to assess the clinical
   impact of different policies and interventions in cervical cancer management
   in kenya . 2014 kivuti_bitok et al . . licensee biomed central ltd .
DE cancer; cervical; dynamic; kenya; simulation
ID article; cancer immunization; cancer prevention; cancer screening; computer
   prediction; computer program; computer simulation; cost utility analysis;
   disability adjusted life year; early diagnosis; female; general aspects of
   disease; health care cost; human; kenya; papillomavirus infection;
   prevalence; sensitivity analysis; trend study; uterine cervix cancer

---

UT 673
AR Ixhel MP, 2015, AGROALIMENT, V21, P95
TI A generic simulation model of a rice producer; [Un modèle de simulation
   générique pour une entreprise productrice du riz]; [Um modelo de simulação
   genérico de uma produção de arroz]; [Un modelo de simulación genérico de una
   productora de arroz]
AU Ixhel MP; Vicente RN
TC 0
SO AGROALIMENT
PY 2015
AB this paper presents a generic simulation model of a venezuelan rice producer
   , by using the methodology of system dynamics . the stages of primary
   production were considered , from planting until harvesting paddy rice and
   shipping it to the mills . a description of the production system was
   performed , which was the basis for the construction of the model , by using
   the software vensim . after validating the model and performing the
   sensitivity analysis , the analysis of several different scenarios was
   conducted , in order to perceive the behavior of the producer , under a
   diversity of conditions . as a result of the scenario analysis , the
   variations of the crop yield after being affected by pests and / or weeds ,
   in different magnitudes of impact , were observed . furthermore , the
   information presented in the literature about rice issues , related to the
   changes in plant density and its effect on the crop yield was confirmed .
   moreover , the generic nature of the model , which allows its adaptation to
   any rice producer based on the proposed structure and calibrating the
   relevant parameters , was ratified . 2015 , marine technology society inc .
   all rights reserved .

---

UT 674
AR Hussain M, 2012, INT J LOGIST RES APPLIC, V15, P231, DOI
   10.1080/13675567.2012.710599
TI Exploring the bullwhip effect using simulation and Taguchi experimental
   design
AU Hussain M; Saber H
TC 19
SO INT J LOGIST RES APPLIC
PY 2012
AB this paper quantifies the impact of different causes of the bullwhip effect
   in a model of a multi_echelon supply chain with batching and information
   sharing . system dynamics simulation , using ithink software , has been
   initially used to explore the impact of various batch sizes on the bullwhip
   effect . it has been observed that the relationship between batch size and
   demand amplification is non_monotonic . large batch sizes , which when
   combined in integer multiples can produce order rates that are close to the
   actual demand , produce little demand amplification . next , a combination
   of simulation and taguchi design of experiments is applied to quantitatively
   measure the impact of different causes of the bullwhip effect and the
   interaction that occurs between these causes . this is a contribution to the
   continuing research into controlling the bullwhip effect , giving supply
   chain operations managers a practical approach to understanding the impact
   of different causes of the bullwhip effect . 2012 copyright taylor and
   francis group , llc .
DE batching; bullwhip effect; simulation; supply chain dynamics; taguchi
   methods

---

UT 675
AR Yang G/1, 2018, PROC - INT CONF VIRTUAL REAL INTELL SYST ICVRIS, P421, DOI
   10.1109/ICVRIS.2018.00109
TI Study on the system dynamics model of low carbon city development
AU Yang G/1
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF VIRTUAL REAL INTELL SYST ICVRIS
PY 2018
AB low_carbon economy has received extensive attention from all walks of life ,
   as a new change of human economic development mode . in order to promote the
   sustainable development of the future society , economy , energy and
   environment , this paper designs a system dynamics model for the development
   of low carbon cities based on the urban low carbon economic indicators .
   vensim software is adopted to test the system dynamics model , through the
   calculation of relative error between actual value and simulation value ,
   and the model can be considered to be effective . combined with the
   development of low carbon economy in nanjing in the next 5 years , the
   development of low carbon economy in the city is simulated , and the
   feasible path of low carbon city construction is obtained . 2018 ieee .
DE casual graph; city; low carbon; primary industry; sd
ID carbon; economics; environmental management; intelligent systems; renewable
   energy resources; software testing; sustainable development; system theory;
   virtual reality; casual graphs; city; energy and environment; low carbon;
   low carbon economy; low carbon cities; low carbon economic; system dynamics
   model; urban growth

---

UT 676
AR Neuwirth C, 2017, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V96, P140, DOI
   10.1016/j.envsoft.2017.06.017
TI System dynamics simulations for data-intensive applications
AU Neuwirth C
TC 14
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2017
AB simulation modeling is increasingly perceived as a methodological asset to
   the field of data science . nonetheless , adequate graphical database
   interfaces are missing especially for most system dynamics ( sd ) simulation
   tools . simsyn is freely available middleware used to link together models
   developed in vensim with a postgresql database for spanning sd models over
   geographic or multi_dimensional parameter space . the capabilities of simsyn
   are demonstrated by simulating terrestrial carbon storage for 10,000 years
   on a 5 arc_min raster mesh with 278,115 grid cells . results indicated the
   reasonable performance of data_linked simulations ( 7 , 500 to 10,000 runs
   per 15 min ) and a considerable increase of computational overheads
   associated with additional time series inputs . apart from increasing
   performance , the incorporation of sd interoperability standards is a key
   objective for the further development of simsyn . 2017 elsevier ltd
DE data science; geographic space; open source software; parameter space;
   simulation modeling; uncertainty
ID carbon; computer simulation; computer software; middleware; open source
   software; open systems; software engineering; system theory; uncertainty
   analysis; computational overheads; data science; data-intensive application;
   geographic space; multi-dimensional parameters; parameter spaces; system
   dynamics simulation; uncertainty; carbon sequestration; data processing;
   database; geographical region; graphical method; numerical model;
   parameterization; raster; software; time series; uncertainty analysis;
   digital storage

---

UT 677
AR Wu C-I, 2011, APPL MECH MATER, V71-78, P5094, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.71-78.5094
TI The research for simulation model of river eco-security: A case study for
   Danshui River in Taipei City
AU Wu C-I; Liu C-C; Tsai P-Y
TC 1
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2011
AB urban river eco_security completely reflected continuous mutual impacts and
   conductions among many factors , such as the increment and the decrement of
   urban environment pollution , the type of land use , the technology to water
   conservancy engineering , the policy of ecological conservation . however ,
   our early warning system of urban river eco_security was not perfect . in
   this study which aims to construct the urban vision for the urban river
   eco_security structure analysis , quantitative measurement and strategy
   simulation . this research , construction of five subsystems , ' ' drainage
   control ' ' , ' ' purification ability ' ' , ' ' water recycled ' ' , ' '
   habitat ' ' and ' ' biomass ' ' . a dynamic model of urban river
   eco_security forecast and simulation system was constructed by system
   dynamics software vensim dss 5.9. the error value between simulation and
   real situation are few to prove the model is effective . the study results
   indicate that the eco_security for danshui river is going to biomass raising
   , drainage raising , habitat increasing and pollution reducing . the
   cogitation has integrated by system dynamic model which coming together to
   form precaution , water use , conservation and ecological restoration . it
   is clear that urban river eco_security model may provide an alternative
   choice of urban river engineering construction decision and correspond to
   the direction of sustainable city . ( 2011 ) trans tech publications ,
   switzerland .
DE danshui river; eco-security; simulation model; system dynamics; urban river
ID computer simulation; computer software; drainage; dynamic models;
   ecosystems; historic preservation; pollution; research; rivers; system
   theory; water supply; danshui river; eco-security; simulation model; system
   dynamics; urban river; river pollution

---

UT 678
AR Kamath V, 2019, COGENT ECON FINANC, V7, DOI 10.1080/23322039.2019.1622172
TI A Participatory Systems Mapping (PSM) based approach towards analysis of
   business sustainability of rural indian milk dairies
AU Kamath V; Biju S; Kamath GB
TC 2
SO COGENT ECON FINANC
PY 2019
AB drawing from the theories of participatory systems mapping ( psm ) this
   study presents an approach to analyzing the business sustainability of
   entrepreneurial dairy ventures in india . the article begins with a general
   introduction to the small and medium scale dairy ventures in rural india ,
   highlighting the prominent issues and challenges faced by the stakeholders .
   the second part demonstrates the use of the psm framework in developing the
   stock and flow diagram ( sfd ) . further , data from a local milk dairy is
   collected , and simulations are carried out between 20172025 using vensim .
   the outputs are analyzed , and inferences are made . this study is expected
   to enable the policy makers toward the development of sustainable strategies
   for dairy businesses in general and enable the entrepreneur to analyze the
   future trends of the potential strategies under his consideration . 2019 the
   author ( s ) .
DE entrepreneurship; milk dairy; participatory systems mapping; simulations;
   system dynamics

---

UT 679
AR Yang B, 2017, AIP CONF PROC, V1834, DOI 10.1063/1.4981615
TI Evolution dynamics modeling and simulation of logistics enterprise's core
   competence based on service innovation
AU Yang B; Tong Y
TC 2
SO AIP CONF PROC
PY 2017
AB with the rapid development of economy , the development of logistics
   enterprises in china is also facing a huge challenge , especially the
   logistics enterprises generally lack of core competitiveness , and service
   innovation awareness is not strong . scholars in the process of studying the
   core competitiveness of logistics enterprises are mainly from the
   perspective of static stability , not from the perspective of dynamic
   evolution to explore . so the author analyzes the influencing factors and
   the evolution process of the core competence of logistics enterprises ,
   using the method of system dynamics to study the because and effect of the
   evolution of the core competence of logistics enterprises , construct a
   system dynamics model of evolution of core competence logistics enterprises
   , which can be simulated by vensim ple . the analysis for the effectiveness
   and sensitivity of simulation model indicates the model can be used as the
   fitting of the evolution process of the core competence of logistics
   enterprises and reveal the process and mechanism of the evolution of the
   core competence of logistics enterprises , and provide management strategies
   for improving the core competence of logistics enterprises . the
   construction and operation of computer simulation model offers a kind of
   effective method for studying the evolution of logistics enterprise core
   competence . 2017 author ( s ) .
DE logistics enterprises core competence; service innovation; system dynamics
   modeling and simulation; vensim

---

UT 680
AR Duan Y, 2012, PROCEDIA ENG, V45, P199, DOI 10.1016/j.proeng.2012.08.143
TI Simulation experiment of safety experience based on system dynamics
AU Duan Y; Zhao P/2; Zhou Y/1; Zhang X/6; Zhao Y/1
TC 4
SO PROCEDIA ENG
PY 2012
AB according to the aspect of safety production accidents and enterprise
   employs , the safety supervision department and the hr department formulate
   relevant security measures in personnel changes together , in order to
   increase safety experience between employees and whole enterprise to reduce
   the possibility of industrial accidents occur , based on the theory of
   complex system , we can apply system dynamics method and vensim software to
   establish a simulation model to illustrate the relationship between safety
   experience and the number of employees . in the model we respectively take
   different parameters to simulate two control variables that are employment
   rate and mortality of one hundred thousand person , compare to three groups
   of six schemes , from two different points of view , one is at the micro
   level the total effective safety experience of individual employees , the
   other one is at the macro level average safety experience of the whole
   enterprise , which can scientifically analyze and predict the trend of two
   factors that employment rate and mortality of one hundred thousand person
   along with safety experience . 2012 the authors . published by elsevier ltd
   .
DE safety experience; safety science; simulation experiment; system dynamics

---

UT 681
AR Parsons D, 2017, COGENT FOOD AGRI, V3, DOI 10.1080/23311932.2017.1313360
TI Assessing policy options for agricultural livestock development: A case
   study of Mexico’s sheep sector
AU Parsons D; Nicholson CF
TC 16
SO COGENT FOOD AGRI
PY 2017
AB the demand for sheep meat in the populous central region around mexico city
   has grown rapidly in recent years . to assess the impacts of potential ' '
   regional development ' ' policy options , a dynamic model of mexico ' s
   sheep sector with regional and producer group disaggregation is developed
   that incorporates interactions between herd dynamics , feed dynamics ,
   market inventories of sheep meat and prices for sheep meat and animals . the
   model is used to assess the outcomes for commercial and tras patio (
   backyard , small_scale ) mexican sheep producers and sheep meat consumers of
   three growth assumptions and two intervention alternatives : a variable cost
   subsidy or the implementation of a stylized health intervention . model
   simulations indicate that the dynamics of growth dominate the policy
   responses . the principal beneficiaries of producer subsidy and animal
   health interventions are mexican sheep meat consumers . commercial sheep
   producers will experience increases in cumulative net margin , but tras
   patio producers will be made worse off than they would have been in the
   absence of interventions . the mexican sheep system thus exhibits two
   characteristics of dynamically complex systems : unintended consequences and
   policy resistance , with broader implications for interventions in
   agriculture_based livelihood systems . 2017 the author ( s ) . this open
   access article is distributed under a creative commons attribution ( cc_by )
   4.0 license .
DE complex systems; livestock; simulation modeling; smallholder farmers; system
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 682
AR Smiianov VA, 2020, WIAD LEK, V73, P2332, DOI 10.36740/wlek202011102
TI THE IMPACT OF THE PANDEMIC LOCKDOWN ON AIR POLLUTION, HEALTH AND ECONOMIC
   GROWTH: SYSTEM DYNAMICS ANALYSIS
AU Smiianov VA; Lyulyov OV; Pimonenko TV; Andrushchenko TA; Sova S;
   Grechkovskaya NV
TC 66
SO WIAD LEK
PY 2020
AB objective : the aim of the paper is checking the hypothesis on the linking
   between consequences of pandemic lockdown and air pollution , public health
   , and economic growth . patients and methods : materials and methods : for
   prediction and modeling of the pandemic lockdown ' s impact on the air
   pollution , health , and economic growth with the system dynamics analysis
   and software vensim . for the analysis , the authors used the methods as
   follows : bibliometric analysis with scopus tools analysis and software
   vosviewer . results : results : the findings confirmed that the current rate
   of infected from growing disease was 11 % . if quarantine continues the rate
   of infected from the growing disease will be 15 % . if the quarantine
   cancels the rate of infected from the growing disease will be 5 % , and the
   declining of gdp increment will be higher , than in scenario with quarantine
   . conclusion : conclusions : the findings confirmed the hypothesis that
   lockdown has the negative impact on the economic , social , and ecological
   growth of the country . at the same time , in the case , if the government
   cancel the quarantine , the declining of gdp increment will be higher , and
   the rate of infected from the growing disease will be the highest_15 % . in
   this case , the government should provide the quarantine regime and
   strengthen the control of the compliance .
DE economic growth; health economics; pandemic; public health
ID air pollution; covid-19; economic development; humans; pandemics; systems
   analysis; adverse event; air pollution; economic development; human;
   pandemic; system analysis

---

UT 683
AR Bastan M, 2018, KYBERNETES, V47, P142, DOI 10.1108/K-01-2017-0003
TI Sustainable development of agriculture: a system dynamics model
AU Bastan M; Ramazani Khorshid-Doust R; Delshad Sisi S; Ahmadvand A
TC 88
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2018
AB purpose : sustainable development is the management and conservation of the
   basic natural resources through which organizational and technological
   changes are lead to meet present and future needs of humans . in developing
   and analyzing the solutions based on sustainable development principles , an
   integrated and holistic approach needs to be pursued . not only system
   dynamics has the essential tools for systemic analysis , but also it is an
   appropriate approach for perceiving problems and offering solutions . the
   aim of this study is to present an integrated and systemic model to analyze
   the existent dynamics in sustainable development of iran ' s farming
   industry . design / methodology / approach : to achieve the mathematical
   equations and values of model ' s variables , a simulation is carried out
   using the data gathered from damavand city , tehran , iran . the parameters
   of the model are selected and calculated considering the specifications of
   this case study . after modeling the system , vensim simulation software has
   been employed , followed by identifying the leverage points of the model .
   then , a set of scenarios have been generated and tested through simulation
   to achieve a much improved understanding of the system ' s dynamic behavior
   . findings : the results show that two factors are among the most important
   leverage points : ' ' profit gained from agriculture ' ' and ' ' required
   water ' ' . the authors could also observe that the main issue in damavand
   is the lack of water for which saving policies would be a major step toward
   agriculture ' s sustainable development in this area . originality / value :
   the paper shows how system dynamics simulation approach can provide deep
   insights into the field of sustainable development and present efficient
   policies for agriculture sustainability . 2018 , emerald publishing limited
   .
DE farming level; land transformation; sustainable development; system dynamics

---

UT 684
AR Mu J/1, 2020, CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM, P1077
TI Research on food safety collaborative governance from the perspective of
   supply Chain
AU Mu J/1; Dong H; Wang Y/6; Li S/2
TC 0
SO CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM
PY 2020
AB collaborative management of food safety is a complex project . we build a
   collaborative evolutionary game model among three stakeholders : local
   authorities or institutions , enterprises and consumers , and use vensim
   platform to simulate and analyze the evolution stable equilibrium state and
   evolution driving factors of the model . the results show that : the
   decision_making behavior of the authorities , enterprises and consumers
   influence each other , and the main driving force of the game system is the
   authorities ' reward and subsidy to honest enterprises , the punishment to
   dishonest enterprises , and the economic loss caused by the cooperation
   reduction with downstream for dishonest operation . 8th international
   symposium on project management , ispm 2020 . all rights reserved .
DE evolutionary game; food safety; modeling and simulation; system dynamics (
   sd )
ID consumer behavior; decision making; food safety; losses; supply chains;
   collaborative governances; collaborative management; complex projects;
   decision making behaviors; driving factors; evolutionary game models; local
   authorities; stable equilibrium state; project management

---

UT 685
AR [Anonymous], 2020, STUD THEORY APPL, V43, P88, DOI
   10.16353/j.cnki.1000-7490.2020.07.015
TI Dynamic Model of Early Warning System for Competitive Intelligence of New
   Ventures Based on " Internet + " Thinking; [基于“互联网+”思维的新创企业竞争情报预警体系动力学模型研究]
TC 0
SO STUD THEORY APPL
PY 2020
AB [ purpose / significance ] ' ' internet + ' ' thinking has become the
   guiding ideology of national strategy , and the research of competitive
   intelligence early warning in enterprise information field needs to be
   innovating under its influence . [ method/ process ] taking new ventures as
   an example , this paper specifically discusses the innovative transformation
   of the competitive intelligence early warning system in the ' ' internet + '
   ' thinking , and uses the system dynamics method and vensim ple tools to
   analyze the causality of system and build simulation model . [ result /
   conclusion ] the operation of the simulation model can better demonstrate
   the promotion effect of system innovation on early warning results under the
   influence of ' ' internet + ' ' thinking . in order to provide an effective
   system reference for new enterprises to carry out competitive intelligence
   early warning work under the internet environment . 2020 information studies
   : theory and application . all rights reserved .
DE internet +  thinking; competitive intelligence early warning; new ventures;
   system dynamics

---

UT 686
AR Zhao X-G, 2019, J CLEAN PROD, V230, P241, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2019.04.408
TI Research on optimal benchmark price of tradable green certificate based on
   system dynamics: A China perspective
AU Zhao X-G; Zhou Y/2; Zuo Y; Meng J; Zhang Y-Z
TC 75
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2019
AB renewable portfolio standard ( rps ) is a compulsory institutional change to
   achieve low_carbon energy transformation in china . its success depends on
   the scientific system quasi_parameter design , the most important system
   quasi_parameter is the benchmark price of the tradable green certificate (
   tgc ) . setting the benchmark price of tgc scientifically and reasonably in
   line with china ' s national conditions is conducive to the effective
   implementation of rps in china . based on the system dynamics ( sd ) to
   construct china ' s green certificate trading market model , this paper
   analyzes the interaction between the tgc market and the electricity market
   under the rps , and uses vensim simulation to simulate the optimal tgc
   benchmark price based on the maximization of social welfare . the results
   show that the tgc market and the electricity market are mutually influential
   . as the benchmark price of tgc increases , the total power generation
   increases and the on_grid price decreases . consumer surplus , producer
   surplus and social welfare all reach the maximum when the tgc benchmark
   price is 0.4yuan / kwh , so determines 0.4yuan / kwh as the optimal
   benchmark price of tgc . 2019 elsevier ltd
DE benchmark price; china; renewable portfolio standard; social welfare;
   tradable green certificate
ID electric industry; power generation; power markets; system theory; china;
   green certificates; institutional change; low carbon energies; national
   conditions; renewable portfolio standard; social welfare; tradable green
   certificates; commerce

---

UT 687
AR Shen S, 2020, PROC IEEE TECHNOL MECHATRONICS ENG CONF ITOEC, P686, DOI
   10.1109/ITOEC49072.2020.9141868
TI Research on Evolution and Development of Power Generation Scale and Cost
   under Tradable Green Certificates Market in China
AU Shen S; He D; He Y/1; Shen Y/2; Li F/1; Xu E; Wang X/5; Zhu K
TC 4
SO PROC IEEE TECHNOL MECHATRONICS ENG CONF ITOEC
PY 2020
AB tradable green certificates market is an effective measure to solve the
   problems of high cost of renewable energy and large funding gap , single
   funding source and long time period of price subsidy . economic model of
   tradable green certificates market is established based on system dynamics
   and simulation is carried out based on vensim . meanwhile , unit
   comprehensive cost of various energy under tradable green certificates
   market and sensitivity of key factors are analyzed deeply . the results
   indicate that tradable green certificates market will not only reduce
   subsidy funds and improve efficiency of subsidies , but also provide a new
   investment return mode for renewable energy , encourage investment
   development and effectively promote energy supply side structure
   optimization with reasonable renewable portfolio standard ratio and tradable
   green certificates validity period . 2020 ieee .
DE energy structure; renewable portfolio standard; system dynamics; tradable
   green certificates
ID commerce; structural optimization; comprehensive costs; economic modeling;
   effective measures; investment returns; renewable energies; renewable
   portfolio standard; system dynamics and simulations; tradable green
   certificates; investments

---

UT 688
AR Boyko AA, 2019, J PHYS CONF SER, V1399, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1399/3/033120
TI The dynamic simulation model of calculating equipment purchase with the bond
   loan
AU Boyko AA; Kukartsev VV/1; Eremeev DV; Bondarev AS; Tynchenko VS; Kukartsev
   VA; Bashmur KA
TC 3
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2019
AB in this article , the dynamic simulation model of calculating equipment
   purchase on account of a bond loan is presented . the model has been
   developed on the basis of system dynamic method using powersim studio tools
   . in the constructed model , calculations were conducted in two ways to
   determine the cost of capital raising through a bond loan and to issuing
   company and bond profitability for the investor . to determine the capital
   cost in the model there was used the optimization mechanism , as a tool to
   determine an optimal value there was applied an optimizer built into
   powersim studio and based on the genetic algorithm . as a result of
   calculations , it has been obtained next values : the raising capital cost
   on account of a bond loan , the bond profitability for an investor , etc .
   performed calculations can allow summing up that the developed dynamic
   simulation model is a quiet universal model and on its basis different
   researches associated to varied aspects of equipment purchase account on
   issuance bonds are able to perform . published under license by iop
   publishing ltd .
ID dynamics; electronic trading; genetic algorithms; profitability; sales;
   studios; capital costs; cost of capital; optimal values; optimizers; system
   dynamics; two ways; universal model; costs

---

UT 689
AR Zare Mehrjerdi Y, 2020, SN APPL SCI, V2, DOI 10.1007/s42452-020-03203-1
TI Dynamic analysis of health-related factors with its impacts on economic
   growth
AU Zare Mehrjerdi Y; Alemzadeh R; Hajimoradi A
TC 2
SO SN APPL SCI
PY 2020
AB the largest capital of a country is its human resources . given that iran is
   one of the richest countries in terms of human resources , economic growth
   of the country depends upon the performance and efficiency of its human
   resources . special attention should be paid to the health of the society ,
   especially the workforce . health is one of the factors that can play a
   major role in enhancing productivity by reducing staff absenteeism due to
   illness as well as increasing concentration of staff , improving performance
   and ultimately enhancing staff productivity . it can provide for better and
   better production and services in the country , followed by growth and
   prosperity . the purpose of the present study is to investigate the impacts
   of health_related factors on economic growth of the country . because of the
   complexity of the problem , we have used system dynamics approach to model
   problem . the model was simulated using vensim computer software , and the
   results showed that by increasing the per capita exercise among the people
   of the country as well as improving the nutrition habit contribution to the
   long_term economic growth of the country while improving the country ' s
   health can occur . 2020 , springer nature switzerland ag .
DE dynamics; economic growth; health; human resources; productivity
ID health; personnel; productivity; economic growths; improving performance;
   model problems; per capita; related factors; used systems; economic analysis

---

UT 690
AR Su X, 2020, PAIGUAN JIXIE XUEBAO, V38, P285, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1674-8530.18.0120
TI System dynamics model-based simulation of agricultural water resources
   supply and demand balance in changing environments; [基于SD变化环境下农业水资源供需平衡模拟]
AU Su X; Xie J; Zhou Z
TC 2
SO PAIGUAN JIXIE XUEBAO
PY 2020
AB a system dynamics model for supply and demand balance of agricultural water
   resources has been established using system dynamics software vensim_dss to
   simulate variations in agricultural water supply , demand and deficit in a
   changing environment . the social and economic development and climate
   changing scenarios were considered in the model and the impacts of changing
   environment on the supply and demand balance of agricultural water resources
   were explored . in terms of shiyang river basin , the results show that the
   extent of influence of climate change on the future agricultural water
   supply differs from that on the water demand . after 2033 , however , the
   variation trends of the agricultural water supply in a2 and b2 climate
   scenarios are identical . the response of the agricultural water resources
   system to climate change in one administrative district is different from
   that in the other district significantly . in jinchang administrative
   district , for example , the water deficit ratio in scenario a2 is greater
   that in scenario b2 , and it will arrive at 32.0 % and 28.6 % , respectively
   , in 2029 and 2038 . in scenario b2 , mild water deficit will start to occur
   onwards 2021 , and moderate water deficit should only appear in 2023 and
   2039 , with 30.7 % and 30.5 % water deficit ratios , respectively .
   regarding to wuwei administrative district , the water deficit ratio in
   scenario a2 is smaller that in scenario b2 . specially , in scenario a2 ,
   moderate water deficit just appears in 2038 with 24.9 % water deficit ratio
   . in scenario b2 , however , more years will suffer from moderate water
   deficit , especially , the year 2023 can be subject to the most severe water
   shortage with a deficit ratio as large as 33.2 % . these results can provide
   guidance on regional water utilization planning and agricultural development
   planning in a changing environment . 2020 , editorial department of journal
   of drainage and irrigation machinery engineering . all right reserved .
DE agricultural water resources; balance between water supply and demand;
   changing environment; shiyang river basin; system dynamics model

---

UT 691
AR Wang Y, 2013, J APPL SCI ENG, V16, P187, DOI 10.6180/jase.2013.16.2.10
TI Application and improvement of a system dynamics model to forecast the
   volume of containers
AU Wang Y; Chou C-C; Yeo G-T
TC 8
SO J APPL SCI ENG
PY 2013
AB the forecasting of container volumes is a critical component in both the
   nation ' s economy and the development of ports . this paper attempts to
   generate a model for forecasting container volumes at ports using system
   dynamics to provide higher forecasting accuracy . first , a regression model
   and system dynamics model are employed to forecast the container volume in
   taiwan , the average forecasting error shows that the system dynamics model
   has higher forecasting ability . second , data for the period 1990_2008 in
   taiwan and korea are used to forecast the container volumes for 2016 . the
   total container volumes come from the import / export container volume and
   transshipment container volume . the input data are divided into two
   sets_total and import / export_according to the properties of the port or
   nation . by comparing the error of the result using the two sets of input
   data , the system dynamics model in this paper is improved and is shown to
   be a good method for forecasting container volumes at different ports or
   nations in the world .
DE forecast; regression model; system dynamics; vensim simulation tool
ID prediction models; system theory; average forecasting error; critical
   component; forecast; forecasting ability; forecasting accuracy; model
   dynamics; regression modeling; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling;
   vensim simulation tool

---

UT 692
AR Li Y/1, 2018, CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM, P1034
TI Collaborative innovation model and simulation research of industrial
   innovation chain
AU Li Y/1; Yan Y/1; Fang P
TC 2
SO CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM
PY 2018
AB this study based on the main dynamic factors of the industrial chain and the
   innovation chain in the evolution , points out that the influence of power
   factor to each chain , and analyzes the inherent relationship between each
   other with a chain on the dynamic factor . then the vensim software of the
   system dynamics is used to draw evolution mechanism model of industry chain
   and innovation chain . through analyzing the intrinsic correlation of the
   power factor of each chain evolution process , industry chain and innovation
   chain organic form a chain , industrial innovation chain , and evolution
   mechanism model is constructed . this model is proposed to provide a
   reference of the industry chain and innovation chain better coupled together
   , ultimately realizes win_win situation for the industry chain and
   innovation chain to achieve the two heads are better than one . conference
   proceedings of the 6th international symposium on project management , ispm
   2018 . all rights reserved .
DE collaboration; industrial innovation chain; mechanism
ID dynamics; electric power factor; mechanisms; project management;
   collaboration; collaborative innovation; dynamic factors; evolution
   mechanism; evolution process; industrial chain; industrial innovation;
   vensim softwares; industrial research

---

UT 693
AR Yang T-J, 2011, INT CONF MANAG SERV SCI MASS, DOI 10.1109/ICMSS.2011.5998132
TI China's domestic airline competition analysis based on system dynamics and
   simulation
AU Yang T-J; Dong Z-Y
TC 0
SO INT CONF MANAG SERV SCI MASS
PY 2011
AB this paper offers a system dynamics method to analyze competition of china '
   s domestic airline courses between main cities which are operated by only
   two main airlines . the model highlights four factors that affect purchase
   behavior : price , safety impression , service quality , punctuality rate
   and define the concept of airline ' s total impression based on the latter
   three factors . real data is collected through survey and simulation via
   vensim software is conducted to give analysis to the system . we use the
   model and simulation to study how different airline price strategies and
   different airline impressions can affect purchase behavior separately . 2011
   ieee .
DE airline competition; simulation; system dynamics
ID competition; computer simulation; computer software; management science;
   system theory; airline competition; domestic airlines; model and simulation;
   price strategies; service quality; simulation; system dynamics; air
   transportation

---

UT 694
AR Chai T, 2012, APPL MECH MATER, V121-126, P4832, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.121-126.4832
TI The modeling research on the cost of 3PL transportation based on system
   dynamics
AU Chai T; Tong M
TC 0
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2012
AB in this paper , we analyze the structure of third_party logistics cost . we
   specially analyzes influence factor of transportation cost which account for
   1/3 to 2/3 of the third_party logistics from the view of system dynamics .
   we establish the system dynamics model of transportation cost , and further
   more , we give the vensim equations and explanation for it .
DE system dynamics; third-party logistics transportation; vensim equation
ID costs; industrial research; manufacture; system theory; logistics costs;
   system dynamics; system dynamics model; transportation cost; vensim
   equation; outsourcing

---

UT 695
AR Yi-Wu Y, 2011, PROC INT CONF FUTUR COMPUT SCI EDUC ICFCSE, P325, DOI
   10.1109/ICFCSE.2011.84
TI System dynamics simulation of sustainable development model of Chinese
   athletic talent reserve
AU Yi-Wu Y; Wei-Tao Z; Si X
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF FUTUR COMPUT SCI EDUC ICFCSE
PY 2011
AB with the research method of system dynamics tools , the paper analyzes the
   internal and external factors influencing the sustainable development of the
   chinese athletic talent reserve , design the system dynamics equation by
   using the ratio of athlete population as the core variable and drawing the
   chart of because and effect and construct the system dynamics model . the
   paper also uses the vensim ple to simulate the athletic talent reserve
   development trend from 2006 to 2020 . the simulation results show that the
   development model of the complete integration education is the most
   efficient , professional development model comes next , then the model of
   traditional three_level training and the social development model is the
   least efficient . thus , various kinds of athletic talent reserve
   development models should be adopted for its sustainable development in the
   future . 2011 ieee .
DE athletic sport; development model; sustainable development; system dynamics;
   talent reserve
ID computer science; planning; sustainable development; system theory; athletic
   sport; development model; development trends; internal and external factors;
   professional development; research methods; simulation result; social
   development; system dynamics; system dynamics model; system dynamics
   simulation; talent reserve; three-level; computer simulation

---

UT 696
AR Huang M, 2011, J SOIL SCI, V91, P185, DOI 10.4141/cjss10009
TI System dynamics modeling of infiltration and drainage in layered coarse soil
AU Huang M; Elshorbagy A; Barbour LS; Zettl JD; Si BC
TC 25
SO J SOIL SCI
PY 2011
AB a system dynamics ( sd ) model was developed to simulate transient
   infiltration and drainage processes in multilayered soils . stella software
   was used as a stock_flow icon_based simulation environment . the developed
   sd model combined both physically based formulations and empirical
   assumptions to describe one_dimensional saturated_unsaturated water flow in
   the vadose zone . the model was successfully calibrated and validated using
   measured water contents during the infiltration and drainage phases ,
   respectively , of a double_ring infiltration test . the simulation results
   were also compared with a finite element model of saturated / unsaturated
   flow ( hydrus ) . the results showed that the sd model was capable of
   accurately simulating the various hydrological processes in multilayered
   soils , and could be a useful tool for designing reclamation covers . the
   simulated and measured results show that the presence of a finer sand layer
   overlying a coarse sand layer will increase the soil water storage at field
   capacity .
DE drainage; infiltration; layered soils; system dynamics model
ID calibration; field capacity; finite element method; flow modeling;
   hydrological modeling; infiltration; model validation; sand; saturated
   medium; software; soil drainage; soil profile; soil water; soil water
   potential; unsaturated flow; vadose zone; water flow

---

UT 697
AR Esmaeili E, 2019, INTL J SYST ASSUR ENG MANAG, V10, P201, DOI
   10.1007/s13198-018-0754-5
TI Analyzing the productivity of maintenance systems using system dynamics
   modeling method
AU Esmaeili E; Karimian H; Najjartabar Bisheh M
TC 12
SO INTL J SYST ASSUR ENG MANAG
PY 2019
AB achievement of industries in production and offering products depends on
   different factors like having an appropriate maintenance system . this issue
   should be reached through the most appropriate and practical methods . in
   this study , based on how the external parameters would influence the
   productivity of a maintenance system the researcher aims at designing a
   dynamic system model to analyze the productivity of a maintenance system
   using acquired information from a car device company by determination of the
   percentage of parameters and indexes and their influence on maintenance
   system productivity . the proposed model is simulated for a system with
   parameters of precise value according to fixed and variable maintenance
   policies which the results are represented . the results of different
   policies described by using computerized simulation of the prepared model on
   vensim software . the time horizon of the systems can be considered from
   several years to several decades . this research considered 12 weeks for
   analyzing the system . this time was specified by consultation with experts
   in the first session of modeling . in such environment a model of
   productivity evaluation and operation of maintenance seems required that in
   this research by analyzing influential factors on maintenance system
   productivity of a factory and by means of acquired samples , it was possible
   to measure the ratio of maintenance system operation condition according to
   the posed indexes and their influences on productivity operation . this
   situation shows that to the extent that positive indexes in the diagram are
   higher to the same extent maintenance system productivity of company
   increases . 2018 , the society for reliability engineering , quality and
   operations management ( sreqom ) , india and the division of operation and
   maintenance , lulea university of technology , sweden .
DE dynamic modeling; maintenance system; productivity; rate and state variables
ID computer software; dynamic models; productivity; computerized simulation;
   dynamic system modeling; influential factors; maintenance policy;
   maintenance systems; productivity evaluation; state variables; system
   dynamics model; maintenance

---

UT 698
AR Eversole CB, 2018, HERPETOL MONOGR, V32, P22, DOI
   10.1655/HERPMONOGRAPHS-D-17-00005
TI A Theoretical Population and Harvest Model for American Alligators
   (Alligator mississippiensis)
AU Eversole CB; Henke SE; Turner BL; Glasscock SN; Powell RL; Wester DB;
   Ballard BM
TC 9
SO HERPETOL MONOGR
PY 2018
AB the american alligator ( alligator mississippiensis ) is a crocodilian
   species that was once listed as endangered in the united states but is now
   harvested both recreationally and commercially throughout its range in the
   southeastern united states . harvest of alligators typically includes egg
   collecting and hunting . however , review of scientific literature reveals
   that the effects of harvest on alligator populations have received little
   scientific scrutiny . we built a theoretical simulation model to evaluate
   the impact of several harvest strategies on long_term ( i . e . , 100 yr )
   alligator population trends . we used system dynamics software to develop
   the model and acquired data for the model from literature and field studies
   on alligator ecology . although widely applicable across the species range
   and for other crocodilians , we used the texas alligator management program
   as an example for model use . results of model simulations showed that
   current harvest ( 50 % egg harvest , 2 % subadult harvest , 2 % adult
   harvest ) is sustainable , but alligator populations will stabilize at
   levels below population potential . the best harvest scenario for a
   sustainable harvest that maintains alligator populations at a relatively
   unchanging level is a 38 % egg harvest , 2 % subadult harvest , and 2 %
   adult harvest . an elevated egg harvest ( 80 % ) can be sustained if no
   hunting harvest occurs . contrarily , an increased hunting harvest ( 4 %
   subadult , 4 % adult ) can be sustained with no egg harvest . this model
   identifies the function of current alligator harvest within populations and
   provides a tool for future use in determining the effect of changes in
   harvest or life_history characteristics on alligator population dynamics .
   2018 by the herpetologists ' league , inc .
DE harvest management; population ecology; quantitative modeling; systems
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 699
AR Nozari H, 2014, J IRRIG DRAIN ENG, V140, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)IR.1943-4774.0000748
TI Simulation of drainage water quantity and quality using system dynamics
AU Nozari H; Liaghat A
TC 22
SO J IRRIG DRAIN ENG
PY 2014
AB the quantity and quality of drainage water in areas with shallow and saline
   groundwater changes over time until it reaches a balance . the balance time
   is fairly long and depends on the characteristics of the shallow aquifer .
   therefore , it is very important to simulate such phenomena in order to
   manage drain effluent , especially when it is supposed to discharge into the
   environment . in this paper , the system dynamics technique was used to
   simulate the performance of a drainage system in the unsteady state
   condition . the study used the system dynamic programming tool vensim . the
   model developed in this study is capable of predicting many hydrological
   variables such as water table fluctuation , drainage discharge , and the
   salinity of drain water and ground water . the model was validated using
   data collected at a tiledrained experimental site irrigated with shallow
   ground water located in the khuzestan province of iran . the results show
   that the standard error values in determining accuracy of simulated water
   table level , drainage discharge , and salinity of drain water are 14.4 cm ,
   0.43 l=s , and 2.8 ds=m , respectively . a sensitivity analysis was done to
   determine the response of simulated results to changes in model parameters .
   the results indicated a good agreement between the observed and simulated
   variables , and the model can be used to manage and control saline drainage
   water and also to prevent environmental damage . 2014 american society of
   civil engineers .
DE drainage system; hydrological variables; salinity; system dynamics; unsteady
   state
ID aquifers; computer aided software engineering; drainage; dynamic
   programming; effluents; groundwater resources; sensitivity analysis; system
   theory; drainage systems; hydrological variables; salinity; system dynamics;
   unsteady state; accuracy assessment; aquifer; computer simulation;
   discharge; drainage; effluent; groundwater flow; hydrological modeling;
   numerical model; pollutant transport; quantitative analysis; water quality;
   water table; saline water

---

UT 700
AR Tan W-J, 2018, OCEAN COAST MANAG, V153, P131, DOI
   10.1016/j.ocecoaman.2017.12.012
TI Integrated coastal-zone management for sustainable tourism using a decision
   support system based on system dynamics: A case study of Cijin, Kaohsiung,
   Taiwan
AU Tan W-J; Yang C-F; Château P-A; Lee M-T; Chang Y-C
TC 76
SO OCEAN COAST MANAG
PY 2018
AB kaohsiung is the largest port city in taiwan , where the offshore island of
   cijin forms a natural breakwater for the kaohsiung harbor . with its
   abundant recreational resources and convenient accessibility , the small
   island of cijin attracts many tourists during weekends . although the highly
   developed tourism has led to significant economic benefits , it has also
   caused pollution and unbalanced development , which have severely degraded
   the coastal environment and marine ecosystem . by using the system dynamics
   ( sd ) approach , we developed an effective integrated coastal zone
   management decision support system ( dss ) to address this problem . a sd
   model , based on the driving_force , state , and response indicator set ,
   was employed to enable integration of the numerous interlinked factors
   causing this problem . a user_friendly dss based on the sd model was
   implemented using the stella software . this dss enables decision makers to
   perform scenario analysis easily by allowing them to incorporate their
   decision preferences . several policies were developed in this study and the
   dss was used to assess their performance regarding the sustainable
   development of coastal tourism in cijin . 2017 elsevier ltd
DE decision support system ( dss ); driving forces states and response ( dsr )
   indicators; integrated coastal zone management ( iczm ); sustainable
   development indicator; system dynamics ( sd )
ID cijin island; kaohsiung; taiwan; artificial intelligence; breakwaters;
   coastal engineering; coastal zones; decision making; ecosystems; marine
   pollution; planning; ports and harbors; regional planning; sustainable
   development; system theory; decision support system ( dss ); driving forces;
   integrated coastal zone management; sustainable development indicators;
   system dynamics; accessibility; breakwater; coastal zone management;
   decision making; decision support system; economic development; ecotourism;
   environmental indicator; integrated approach; marine ecosystem; resource
   management; scenario analysis; sustainable development; decision support
   systems

---

UT 701
AR Stadnicka D, 2017, INT CONF PROD RES ICPR, P290
TI VSM based system dynamics analysis to determine manufacturing processes
   performance indicators
AU Stadnicka D; Litwin P/1
TC 4
SO INT CONF PROD RES ICPR
PY 2017
AB companies have to meet clients ' requirements and , at the same time , be
   cost effective to survive . in order to minimize costs , companies implement
   lean manufacturing concept and lean tools such as the value stream mapping (
   vsm ) to identify and then eliminate waste . vsm allows a static analysis
   therefore the authors of this work propose integration of vsm with system
   dynamics analysis ( sda ) . hence , first in the work an extended vsm is
   presented . then , on the base of a developed extended value stream map (
   vsmap ) for an automotive industry case study , an adequate simulation model
   was created . for simulations vensim software was used . the case study of
   manufacturing line dynamics were analyzed . in the analysis , the inventory
   limitations were taken into consideration as well as disturbances such as
   machine failures and nonconformities . as a result , the dynamics of
   inventory levels and work stands load were presented . 2017 destech
   publications . all rights reserved .
DE computer simulations; extended value stream mapping; inventory level
   reduction; system dynamics analysis
ID automotive industry; computer hardware description languages; computer
   simulation; cost effectiveness; manufacture; mapping; static analysis;
   system theory; inventory levels; manufacturing concepts; manufacturing
   lines; manufacturing process; performance indicators; system dynamics; value
   stream mapping; value stream maps; costs

---

UT 702
AR Shi C/2, 2011, INT CONF MULTIMED TECHNOL ICMT, P3692, DOI
   10.1109/ICMT.2011.6001788
TI Sustainable utilization study and assessment of water resources in Chaohe
   river basin based on system dynamics
AU Shi C/2; Wang L/8
TC 1
SO INT CONF MULTIMED TECHNOL ICMT
PY 2011
AB the system of chaohe river basin water resources sustainable development is
   a large complex nonlinear one . based on the sustainable development theory
   and the method of system dynamics , using advanced vensim language as tool ,
   system dynamics model of chaohe river basin water resources sustainable
   development is established . water resources sustainable development factors
   have been imported . water resources with society development , population ,
   economy , science and education and environment have built as a
   comprehensive general system . the demand of water consumption meeting miyun
   reservoir in the future is studied . development status in the future has
   been processed dynamic emulation program of chaohe river basin existing
   different policy and condition by adjust control parameter to offer
   decision_making and sustain for establishment development planning and
   adjust various policies of chaohe river basin . 2011 ieee .
DE drainage area; model; sustainable development; system dynamics; vensim
ID catchments; environmental protection; models; multimedia systems; planning;
   reservoirs ( water ); rivers; sustainable development; system theory; water
   supply; watersheds; assessment of water resources; control parameters;
   development planning; drainage area; dynamic emulation; miyun reservoir;
   river basins; sustainable utilization; system dynamics; system dynamics
   model; vensim; water consumption; water resources

---

UT 703
AR Xu JQ, 2013, ADV MATER RES, V834-836, P2003, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMR.834-836.2003
TI An economic comparison between electric and conventional vehicles based on
   system dynamics
AU Xu JQ; Yang YP; Yin RS
TC 0
SO ADV MATER RES
PY 2013
AB currently the number of electric vehicles on road is still small , the main
   reasons are their high cost , poor economic returns , which lead to their
   weak market competitiveness . in this paper , a system dynamics model was
   built to compare the life cycle costs of the electric vehicles and the
   conventional vehicles using vensim . the results show that by the second
   half of 2016 , the electric vehicles will be more economical than the
   conventional vehicles , and with the passage of time and the progress of
   technologies , economic benefits of electric vehicles would be more
   significant , and then the electric vehicles ' market could enter a period
   of rapid development . ( 2014 ) trans tech publications , switzerland .
DE conventional vehicle; economic evaluation; electric vehicle; system dynamics
ID commerce; industrial research; manufacture; system theory; economic
   benefits; economic comparisons; economic evaluations; economic returns; high
   costs; life cycle costs; system dynamics; system dynamics model; electric
   vehicles

---

UT 704
AR Do M, 2017, AMCIS - AM CONF SYST TRADIT INNOV, V2017-August
TI Sustainable development through holistic multi-paradigmatic integrated
   modeling and decision making
AU Do M; Sadovykh V; Sundaram D
TC 0
SO AMCIS - AM CONF SYST TRADIT INNOV
PY 2017
AB sustainability , sustainable development , and transformation are about
   balancing the economic , environmental and social aspects of organizations
   and their operations . existing systems do not comprehensively support
   sustainable transformation nor do they allow decision makers to explore
   interrelationships and influences between the sustainability dimensions .
   this leads to silo based decision making where vision and strategies are not
   mapped to execution , and sustainability modeling processes are
   uncoordinated , lack holism , are biased and myopic . one of the critical
   challenges is the lack of processes and systems that allow the integration
   of models belonging to disparate paradigms in a holistic manner . to
   overcome these problems this research proposes a holistic ,
   multi_paradigmatic , integrated modeling and decision making ( homimd )
   approach for sustainable development and transformation . we apply the
   homimd processes , and requirements to a warehouse management problem and
   leverage optimization ( aimms ) , systems dynamics ( ithink ) , and data
   mining ( spss modeler ) approaches , techniques , and systems to solve the
   problem . 2017 ais / icis administrative office . all rights reserved .
DE data mining; decision making; development; holistic; integrated; modeling;
   optimization; sustainability; system dynamics; warehouse management
ID data mining; industrial management; information management; information
   systems; information use; models; optimization; planning; problem solving;
   social aspects; sustainable development; warehouses; development; holistic;
   integrated; system dynamics; warehouse management; decision making

---

UT 705
AR Ding H, 2014, PROC - INT CONF BUS INTELL FINANC ENG BIFE, P586, DOI
   10.1109/BIFE.2013.122
TI Simulation and optimization of decision-making of organizations' safety
   investment
AU Ding H; Zhu Y/6; Xu X/3
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF BUS INTELL FINANC ENG BIFE
PY 2014
AB system dynamics is a quantitative method used to study the complex social
   economic system by means of computer simulation technology . in this paper ,
   the system dynamics was introduced to build security economic
   decision_making model for enterprises . with the method of system thinking ,
   the influence factors of safety investment system are identified and the
   casual relationships between various factors are found to determine the
   internal influence mechanism that the safety investment impacts on the
   accident risk and economic output . based on accident control theory and
   system dynamic modeling system , the system of security economic
   decision_making was built , including enterprise production subsystem ,
   employee security subsystem and technology and equipment subsystem . finally
   , vensim system dynamics modeling software was used to simulate the built
   model . then the proportion of enterprises ' safety resource allocation was
   adjusted to seek for the optimal investment plan . 2013 ieee .
DE decision optimization; system dynamics; words-safety investment
ID accidents; decision making; decision theory; economics; system theory;
   computer simulation technology; economic decision making; enterprise
   production; safety investments; simulation and optimization; social economic
   system; system dynamics; technology and equipments; investments

---

UT 706
AR Chiocca D, 2012, STUD COMPUT INTELL, V431, P93, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-30732-4_12
TI A methodology for supporting lean healthcare
AU Chiocca D; Guizzi G; Murino T; Revetria R; Romano E
TC 25
SO STUD COMPUT INTELL
PY 2012
AB this article focused on application of lean techniques in healthcare service
   . in this context , the aim of this work is to demonstrate that the problems
   associated with the application in the world services of the rules governing
   production processes are only apparent . in fact , the provision of a
   service search , like industrial production , to implement value_added
   processes and also an appropriate use of resources consumption , although
   until now it was considered that the service management should use
   management strategies completely different from those used in the industrial
   sector . the service sector is backward compared to the manufacturing
   industry in terms of efficiency , automation , repeatability and quality .
   the reason is very simple : the design and implementation of the process of
   service delivery have always been much less expensive than the corresponding
   activities of the manufacturing sector . in particular , we will analyze as
   case study , vaccination service in the city district in the south of italy
   . it will , therefore , applied the techniques of ' ' lean ' ' philosophy to
   a specific activity of this service in order to improve performance . in
   particular we are going to focus on the processes of vaccines delivery among
   the various activities within the district . we have used a new study
   approach based on simulation : using a software ( powersim ) , we have
   developed a model of the current state and , basing on suggestions for
   improvement . then , after this research , have noticed an improvement of
   critical performance parameters developing a model of the future state .
   springer_verlag berlin heidelberg 2012 .
DE health care service management; lean technics; system dynamics; value stream
   mapping

---

UT 707
AR Kodrat KF, 2019, INT J ADV SCI ENG TECHNOL, V9, P1885, DOI
   10.18517/ijaseit.9.6.9076
TI Supply chain performance measurement model of passion fruit agro-industry
   for sustainable micro, small, and medium enterprises with system dynamics in
   North Sumatra Province
AU Kodrat KF; Sinulingga S; Napitupulu H; Hadiguna RA
TC 8
SO INT J ADV SCI ENG TECHNOL
PY 2019
AB supply chain management covers integrated activities of planning ,
   coordinating , and controlling of all business processes and practices in
   the supply chain to meet the demands of consumers at the lowest possible
   cost . sustainable supply chain can be achieved by taking into account three
   pillars of sustainable development , namely , economy , social , and
   environment . passion fruit agro_industry supply chain actors consist of
   farmers , collectors , agro_industries , and retailers . this study aims at
   identifying factors affecting the passion fruit agro_industry supply chain
   performance for sustainable micro , small , and medium enterprises and
   designing a supply chain performance measurement model of msme passion fruit
   agro_industry with system dynamics . this research used a survey method
   through observations , in_depth interviews , and expert opinions . data were
   processed using a combination of the hard system ( system dynamics analysis
   ) and soft system ( expert opinions ) . the feedback structure along the
   passion fruit syrup agro_industry system was modeled in a causal loop
   diagram using system dynamics through version 10 of powersim studio software
   . it was then translated into a stock_flow diagram as the implementation of
   the simulation model . the model was verified using a computerized
   statistical analysis ( absolute means error ) technique . to formulate
   recommendations and development strategy scenarios for sustainable msme
   passion fruit agro_industry supply chain , a system approach method was used
   and expected to produce an effective and operational decision in accordance
   with the objectives previously set . the results obtained through expert
   opinions and analytic hierarchy process ( ahp ) which have the highest
   weight with various conditions for each variable . seven key variables were
   proven to influence the performance of passion fruit agro_industry supply
   chain , which were also used to design a sustainable msme supply chain
   development scenario . the behavior of the sustainable passion fruit
   agro_industry supply chain model took the form of positive growth and the
   error rate of 7.43. developing a sustainable msmepfascpm can be carried out
   with a moderate strategy by developing : 1 ) pattern of good relationships
   among the actors , 2 ) gradual increase in the availability of raw materials
   , 3 ) environmental support capability , 4 ) gradual increase of profits , 5
   ) moderate skills , 6 ) employment opportunities , and 7 ) land availability
   . 2019 insight society .
DE agro-industry; supply chain; sustainable; system dynamics

---

UT 708
AR Shao L/1, 2018, PROCESS INTEGR OPTIM SUSTAIN, V2, P383, DOI
   10.1007/s41660-018-0049-y
TI Research on Coal Demand Problem Based on System Dynamics
AU Shao L/1; Zhao S
TC 0
SO PROCESS INTEGR OPTIM SUSTAIN
PY 2018
AB coal is the main energy resource in china . predicting the dynamic trend of
   coal demand accurately plays an important role in energy consumption . four
   scenarios that include weak industrialization scenario , strong service
   scenario , weak industrialization scenario , and strong service scenario
   that are based on the progress of science and technology , have been set to
   regulate five key factors , consisting of natural population growth rate ,
   gdp growth rate , industrial proportion , tertiary industry proportion , and
   proportion of investment in science and technology . based on system
   dynamics method and vensim_ple software , the system dynamics model of coal
   demand forecasting is built to simulate the total coal demand during
   20112016 and forecast the total coal demand from 2017 to 2030 . the
   constructed model can better predict the future coal demand through the test
   . in terms of total amount of coal demand , china ' s coal demand has a
   trend of decreasing , which is lower than the 2016 level setting . the total
   coal demand of scenario 2 is higher than the rest of the scenarios and the
   total coal demand of scenario 4 is the smallest . coal demand slows down
   under strong service sector , and inversely weak industrialization scenario
   , which is based on the progress of science and technology , can better
   control the total coal demand . 2018 , springer nature singapore pte ltd .
DE prediction model; scenario analysis; system dynamics; total coal demand
ID coal; coal deposits; energy utilization; investments; population statistics;
   system theory; coal demand; energy consumption; industrialization; key
   factors; prediction modeling; problem-based; scenarios analysis; science and
   technology; system dynamics; total coal demand; forecasting

---

UT 709
AR Wu Y, 2017, CLUST COMPUT, V20, P3147, DOI 10.1007/s10586-017-1028-8
TI Spatial-temporal allocation of regional land consolidation project based on
   landscape pattern and system dynamics
AU Wu Y; Li M; Liu L; Zhang Y/4; Liu L/2; Wang L
TC 7
SO CLUST COMPUT
PY 2017
AB in order to determine the mode of spatial_temporal allocation about the
   regional land consolidation project , qing county in hebei province was set
   as the study area . based on the perspective of landscape pattern , by
   utilizing the method of system dynamics and synergetics , the influence of
   land consolidation project on landscape pattern and ecological process were
   analyzed . by considering regional natural , environmental and social
   economic development conditions , the regional land consolidation project in
   time and space configuration model was build , which coupled the structure
   and function , time and space . this model contains three sub_systems :
   social , economic and landscape ecological system . based on feedback theory
   , the level variable , rate variable , auxiliary variable and constant
   variable and other system variables were confirmed . then , used system
   dynamics theory the main feedback loop and secondary feedback loops in each
   sub_system were analyzed and level equations , rate equations and auxiliary
   equations of the feedback loops were built . thereby , the system model was
   got . in the model , coupling and coordination degree was used to
   distinguish the total coupling and coordination condition of the system .
   used the actual data of research area from 2004 to 2015 as the simulation
   data , and the year of 2013 was set as the benchmark year of simulation .
   all the relative error of the data was controlled in 2 % through vensim
   platform . the prediction system behavior from the model is the same as
   actual situation , which verified the applicability and accuracy of the
   model . the results proved that this model can represent the dynamical
   evolution process of the coupling between the system factors . at the time ,
   combined with gis technology , coordinated development model in dynamic
   scenes of the research area land consolidation project in time and space
   configuration has been simulated . 2017 , springer science+business media ,
   llc .
DE land consolidation project; landscape pattern; spatial-temporal allocation;
   system dynamics
ID ecology; economic and social effects; feedback; system theory; auxiliary
   equations; auxiliary variables; dynamical evolution; land consolidations;
   landscape pattern; space configuration; spatial temporals; system dynamics;
   electric power system interconnection

---

UT 710
AR Gao G, 2019, J GLOB MANAG, V27, P189, DOI 10.4018/JGIM.2019100110
TI A systems dynamics simulation study of network public opinion evolution
   mechanism
AU Gao G; Wang T/3; Zheng X; Chen Y/5; Xu X
TC 21
SO J GLOB MANAG
PY 2019
AB the factors that affect formation and dissemination of public opinion have
   been studied for a long time . however , the findings are disparate and
   fragmented , given the characteristics of netizens and new media in the big
   data era . to this end , this article introduces eight mechanisms working on
   formation and dissemination of public opinion on network . based on system
   dynamics , this article further proposes a comprehensive causal relationship
   model to explore the factors affecting the consequence of public opinion on
   network . particularly , the role of government is taken into consideration
   in this model . a simulation with vensim ple is conducted . the results of
   the simulation indicate that group polarization among netizens , opinion
   leaders , the quantity of media audience , the frequency of media report ,
   government attention , and warning mechanism for public opinion crisis
   affect the consequence of public opinion on network significantly .
   implications of the findings are discussed . 2019 , igi global .
DE network; public opinion; simulation; system dynamics
ID networks ( circuits ); system theory; causal relationship models; network
   public opinions; public opinion crisis; public opinions; simulation; system
   dynamics; systems dynamics; warning mechanisms; social aspects

---

UT 711
AR Rudneva L, 2018, RESOUR, V7, DOI 10.3390/resources7020029
TI Scenario modelling of the "green" economy in an economic space
AU Rudneva L; Pchelintseva I; Gureva M
TC 9
SO RESOUR
PY 2018
AB the article utilizes the main elements of system analysis and the bases of
   cognitive science to analyze the concept of the ' ' ecological and economic
   system ' ' . the characteristics of the conceptual elements of the ' ' green
   ' ' economy dynamic model used in the application of cognitive analysis are
   given and their mutual influence is considered . a dynamic model of the ' '
   green ' ' economy is developed , a general extended map and a
   reduced_parametric cognitive map of the development of the ' ' green ' '
   economy in the economic space of the region are constructed . scenario
   modeling of the development of the region ' s ' ' green ' ' economy based on
   the intensification of the influence of one of the cognitive vertices of the
   model on the curve of the development of the ' ' green ' ' economy is
   carried out and described . scenario modeling and development of cognitive
   maps are carried out using the software package vensim personal learning
   edition ( ple ) , which is widely applied in system analysis . 2018 by the
   authors .
DE green economy; cognitive maps; cognitive modeling; development of the green
   economy; economic space of the region; system dynamic model; system dynamics

---

UT 712
AR Cafferty KG, 2013, PROC ASME DES ENG TECH CONF, V2 B, DOI
   10.1115/DETC2013-13559
TI Model based biomass system design of feedstock supply systems for bioenergy
   production
AU Cafferty KG; Muth Jr DJ; Jacobson JJ; Bryden KM
TC 24
SO PROC ASME DES ENG TECH CONF
PY 2013
AB engineering feedstock supply systems that deliver affordable , high_quality
   biomass remains a challenge for the emerging bioenergy industry . cellulosic
   biomass is geographically distributed and has diverse physical and chemical
   properties . because of this feedstock supply systems that deliver
   cellulosic biomass resources to biorefineries require integration of a broad
   set of engineered unit operations . these unit operations include harvest
   and collection , storage , preprocessing , and transportation processes .
   design decisions for each feedstock supply system unit operation impact the
   engineering design and performance of the other system elements . these
   interdependencies are further complicated by spatial and temporal variances
   such as climate conditions and biomass characteristics . this paper develops
   an integrated model that couples a sql_based data management engine and
   systems dynamics models to design and evaluate biomass feedstock supply
   systems . the integrated model , called the biomass logistics model ( blm )
   , includes a suite of databases that provide 1 ) engineering performance
   data for hundreds of equipment systems , 2 ) spatially explicit labor cost
   datasets , and 3 ) local tax and regulation data . the blm analytic engine
   is built in the systems dynamics software package powersimtm . the blm is
   designed to work with thermochemical and biochemical based biofuel
   conversion platforms and accommodates a range of cellulosic biomass types (
   i . e . , herbaceous residues , short_rotation woody and herbaceous energy
   crops , woody residues , algae , etc . ) . the blm simulates the flow of
   biomass through the entire supply chain , tracking changes in feedstock
   characteristics ( i . e . , moisture content , dry matter , ash content ,
   and dry bulk density ) as influenced by the various operations in the supply
   chain . by accounting for all of the equipment that comes into contact with
   biomass from the point of harvest to the throat of the conversion facility
   and the change in characteristics , the blm evaluates economic performance
   of the engineered system , as well as determining energy consumption and
   green house gas performance of the design . this paper presents a blm case
   study delivering corn stover to produce cellulosic ethanol . the case study
   utilizes the blm to model the performance of several feedstock supply system
   designs . the case study also explores the impact of temporal variations in
   climate conditions to test the sensitivity of the engineering designs .
   results from the case study show that under certain conditions corn stover
   can be delivered to the cellulosic ethanol biorefinery for $ 35/dry ton .
   copyright 2013 by asme .
ID cellulosic ethanol; design; digital storage; energy utilization; engines;
   feedstocks; greenhouse gasses; information management; refining; research;
   sensitivity analysis; supply chains; systems analysis; wages; bioenergy
   productions; conversion facility; economic performance; engineering
   performance; herbaceous energy crops; physical and chemical properties;
   spatial and temporal variances; transportation process; biomass

---

UT 713
AR Piao H, 2019, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V384, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/384/1/012002
TI System Dynamics Simulation of Environmental Resources in Yinchuan Plain
AU Piao H; Duan H; Zhu M/1
TC 1
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2019
AB based on geospatial analysis , this paper studies the relationship between
   social systems and ecosystems in yinchuan plain through the analysis of
   environmental and resource indicators . firstly , the ecosystem system
   configuration model was optimized based on system dynamics ( sd ) . secondly
   , different development strategies were analyzed through vensim ple combined
   with scenario simulation . lastly , the environmental impact factors such as
   air quality , so2 , wastewater , solid waste , energy consumption per unit
   output value , expenditure for environmental protection and green coverage
   rate in built_up area , etc were studied . in summary , this paper provides
   a theoretical basis and realistic basis for the sustainable development of
   the yinchuan plain . 2019 iop publishing ltd .
ID air quality; ecosystems; energy utilization; environmental protection; gas
   engineering; geology; planning; system theory; development strategies;
   environmental impact factors; environmental resources; geo-spatial analysis;
   scenario simulations; system configurations; system dynamics simulation;
   yinchuan plains; sustainable development

---

UT 714
AR Zargar SM, 2018, J TECHNOL MANAG, V10, P93, DOI
   10.22059/jitm.2017.228091.1962
TI A model for the acceptance of cloud computing technology using DEMATEL
   technique and system dynamics approach
AU Zargar SM; Shahriari Z
TC 3
SO J TECHNOL MANAG
PY 2018
AB cloud computing is a new method to provide computing resources and increase
   computing power in organizations . despite the many benefits this method
   shares , it has not been universally used because of some obstacles
   including security issues and has become a concern for it managers in
   organization . in this paper , the general definition of cloud computing is
   presented . in addition , having reviewed previous studies , the researchers
   identified effective variables on technology acceptance and , especially ,
   cloud computing technology . then , using dematel technique , the
   effectiveness and permeability of the variable were determined . the
   researchers also designed a model to show the existing dynamics in cloud
   computing technology using system dynamics approach . the validity of the
   model was confirmed through evaluation methods in dynamics model by using
   vensim software . finally , based on different conditions of the proposed
   model , a variety of scenarios were designed . then , the implementation of
   these scenarios was simulated within the proposed model . the results showed
   that any increase in data security , government support and user training
   can lead to the increase in the adoption and use of cloud computing
   technology . 2018 university of tehran . all rights reserved .
DE cloud computing; dematel technique; information technology; system dynamics;
   technology acceptance model

---

UT 715
AR Zhang Y/11, 2019, CH SAF SCI J, V29, P89, DOI
   10.16265/j.cnki.issn1003-3033.2019.03.015
TI Simulation modeling analysis of human error probability based on system
   dynamics; [基于 SD 的 HEP 仿真建模分析]
AU Zhang Y/11; Zhang M/5; Qian C; Zhao Y
TC 0
SO CH SAF SCI J
PY 2019
AB in order to deeply study the changes in hep of petrochemical employees in
   the face of accidents , based on sd theory and method , a causal map and a
   system map were drawn for enterprise employees hep under accidents . dynamic
   simulations were performed by using vensim software to quantitatively
   analyze the dynamic evolution process of the influence of various factors on
   corporate employees ' hep . the results show that the change in hep curve is
   divided into two different stages with 35 h as the cut_off point , that the
   main influencing factors before and after the cut_off point are risk
   cognition and personal safety commitment , and that the trend in the
   evolution of hep can be changed by controlling the changes in different hep
   influencing factors . 2019 china safety science journal . all rights
   reserved .
DE accident; human error probability ( hep ); human reliability analysis ( hra
   ); simulation; system dynamics ( sd )

---

UT 716
AR Wang H/5, 2019, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V252, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/252/5/052045
TI Research on the SD Simulation Path of Coal Economic Growth in China under
   the Perspective of Technological Innovation
AU Wang H/5; Xin M; Feng X
TC 2
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2019
AB this paper discusses the problem of sustainable economic growth under the
   dual constraint of energy and carbon emission . using the system dynamics
   and cobb_douglas production function , the model of sustainable economic
   growth is constructed to show the relationship between economic growth ,
   energy consumption and carbon emission . using the system dynamics software
   , vensim simulated the growth path of china ' s economic growth , energy
   consumption and carbon emission under the background of considering
   different technologies . research shows that it is difficult to achieve
   sustainable economic growth without the development of technology . china '
   s economy can grow rapidly under the situation of production technology
   research and development , but it will exert great pressure on the
   environment . the research and development of carbon emission reduction
   technology can promote the sustainable development of our economy . 2019 iop
   publishing ltd .
ID carbon; economics; emission control; energy utilization; sustainable
   development; system theory; carbon emission reductions; cobb-douglas
   production function; dual constraints; economic growths; production
   technology; research and development; sustainable economic growth;
   technological innovation; economic and social effects

---

UT 717
AR Xiao B, 2013, TECHNOL J, V12, P8088, DOI 10.3923/itj.2013.8088.8094
TI System dynamic model of enterprise cluster complex network resources
   integratability
AU Xiao B
TC 2
SO TECHNOL J
PY 2013
AB on the basis of in_depth analysis on influence factors of enterprise cluster
   complex network resources integratability system as well as interrelation
   between such factors , this study builds the causality graph and the system
   dynamic model capable of describing development and change of enterprise
   cluster complex network resources integratability , realizes the model by
   vensim , the system dynamic modeling tool and verifies effectiveness of the
   model . results of the experiment show that the data from the model is quite
   identical with the actual data . it proves that the method of system
   dynamics can effectively simulate effect of network density , network
   centricity , network structure equivalence , structural holes , social
   capita , external environment and the number of enterprise members on
   enterprise cluster complex network resources integratability . this study
   will provide reference to the management for decision making . 2013 asian
   network for scientific information .
DE complex network; enterprise cluster; resources integratability; system
   dynamics
ID complex networks; decision making; dynamic models; system theory; enterprise
   cluster; external environments; in-depth analysis; integratability; network
   resource; network structures; system dynamic models; system dynamics;
   industry

---

UT 718
AR Gallo M, 2010, INT CONF SYST SCI SIMUL ENG PROC, P378
TI The simulation of hybrid logic in reverse logistic network
AU Gallo M; Murino T; Romano E
TC 8
SO INT CONF SYST SCI SIMUL ENG PROC
PY 2010
AB the work define the methodology to design , on the base of the reverse
   logistics network theories , a quantitative model that simulate the
   mechanism in which the citizen waste recovery flow to the citizen collection
   center , up to the reprocessing center for recycling and then the disposal .
   the model is based on system dynamics concepts , simulated in ithinkr
   environment , in order to represent the push / pull hybrid logic for the
   management of weee ( waste electrical and electric equipment ) physical and
   informative flows . the model will be implemented and the simulation results
   will be analyzed focusing on efficiency parameters , analyzing the current
   state map and creating the future state map .
DE hybrid manufacturing system; system dynamics model; vehicle routing problem;
   weee management
ID dynamics; industrial applications; logistics; manufacture; system theory;
   terminals ( electric ); waste disposal; efficiency parameters; electrical
   and electric equipments; hybrid logic; hybrid manufacturing systems;
   quantitative models; reverse logistic networks; reverse logistics network;
   simulation result; system dynamics; system dynamics model; vehicle routing
   problem; waste recoveries; weee management; computer simulation

---

UT 719
AR Yang X/5, 2016, PROC CHIN CONTROL DECIS CONF CCDC, P216, DOI
   10.1109/CCDC.2016.7530983
TI Dynamic model of population prediction based on Aging Chains
AU Yang X/5; Chen B; Chen C/1; Wang Y/4
TC 3
SO PROC CHIN CONTROL DECIS CONF CCDC
PY 2016
AB in order to control the population effectively , population prediction is
   necessary . at abroad , foreign researchers have built malthus model and
   logistic model to predict the population . in domestic researches , most
   domestic researchers use or improve above two models without their own
   research . there is few research about population based on system dynamics (
   sd ) . in this paper , the characteristic of population in our country is
   analyzed . then , based on sd method , we build a population prediction
   model , using aging chains , in consideration of aging , gender imbalance
   and high population mobility . finally , in order to validate the model ,
   simulation is made with vensim_ple , using population data of beijing . the
   results are in good agreement with the actual data . it provides a new
   approach to predict the population . 2016 ieee .
DE aging chains; population prediction; system dynamic model

---

UT 720
AR Abdolvandi AF, 2014, WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR WATER BORDERS - PROC WORLD
   ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR, P323, DOI 10.1061/9780784413548.035
TI Conjunctive Use of Surface and Groundwater Resources Using System Dynamics
   Approach: Case Study of Namroud Dam
AU Abdolvandi AF; Parsamehr A; Babazadeh H; Eslamian S; Hosseinipour EZ
TC 3
SO WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR WATER BORDERS - PROC WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR
   CONGR
PY 2014
AB integrated study of the surface and groundwater aids proper exploitation of
   the water resources of a region . in this paper , the results of ongoing
   research on conjunctive use of water from namroud dam ( iran , tehran ,
   southwest of firoozkooh village ) and surrounding aquifers using system
   dynamics approach is presented . the impacts of dam construction on
   sustainability of groundwater resources of the region and the operational
   management approach are studied using system dynamic approach . the method
   of system dynamics is a computer_aided approach to policy analysis and
   design . it applies to dynamic problems arising in complex social ,
   managerial , economic , or ecological systems . in fact , any dynamic
   systems characterized by interdependence , mutual interaction , information
   feedback , and circular causality can be analyzed using system dynamics .
   the system dynamics approach emphasizes a continuous view . the continuous
   view strives to look beyond events to see the dynamic patterns underlying
   all events collectively . the continuous view focuses not only on discrete
   decisions but on the totality of policy structure underlying decisions .
   events and decisions are seen as surface phenomena that ride on an
   underlying tide of system structure and behavior . the system dynamic
   approach is a useful tool often used in management and planning . the
   application of this tool in conjunctive use study of water resources of a
   region provides a practical model that can be used for any location in the
   world having similar conditions to that of the region investigated in this
   study . one needs to merely change the input data to that derived from the
   characteristics of the desired region . the simulation results in this study
   show that dam construction leads to overall decrease of groundwater
   availability over time and to potential aquifer storage loss due to
   consolidation of water_bearing formations in the downstream regions .
   analysis of integrated management alternatives can help the sustainability
   of the region ' s water resources either by increasing irrigation efficiency
   , or by proper economic planning to adopt cropping practices with highest
   return . three indices ( vulnerability , sustainability , and reliability )
   were calculated for each of the four alternative scenarios . 2014 american
   society of civil engineers .
DE simultaneous simulation; surface and groundwater resources; system dynamics;
   vensim
ID aquifers; computer aided analysis; dams; digital storage; groundwater;
   groundwater resources; hydrogeology; surface water resources; sustainable
   development; system theory; water management; computer aided-approach;
   irrigation efficiency; operational management; simultaneous simulation;
   system dynamics; system dynamics approach; vensim; water bearing formation;
   water resources

---

UT 721
AR Wingo P, 2017, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V94, P48, DOI 10.1016/j.envsoft.2017.03.012
TI Modular and spatially explicit: A novel approach to system dynamics
AU Wingo P; Brookes A; Bolte J
TC 6
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2017
AB the open modeling environment ( ome ) is an open_source system dynamics ( sd
   ) simulation engine which has been created as a joint project between oregon
   state university and the us environmental protection agency . it is designed
   around a modular implementation , and provides a standardized interface for
   interacting with spatially explicit data while still supporting the standard
   sd model components . ome can be run as a standalone simulation or as a
   plugin to a larger simulation framework , and is capable of importing models
   from several sd model formats , including simile model files , vensim model
   files , and the xmile interchange format . while it has been released , ome
   is still under development , and a number of potential future improvements
   are discussed . to help illustrate the utility of ome , an example model
   design process is provided as an appendix . 2017 elsevier ltd
DE open source; simile; simulation engine; spatially-explicit; system dynamics;
   vensim; xmile
ID oregon; united states; engines; environmental protection agency; system
   theory; open sources; simile; simulation engine; spatially-explicit; system
   dynamics; vensim; xmile; design method; engine; numerical model; simulation;
   software; spatial analysis; open systems

---

UT 722
AR Božić R, 2015, MATEC WEB CONF, V35, DOI 10.1051/matecconf/20153502007
TI Contribution to the development of simulation model of ship turbine
AU Božić R; Mitrović F; Božić S
TC 0
SO MATEC WEB CONF
PY 2015
AB simulation modeling , performed by system dynamics modeling approach and
   intensive use of computers , is one of the most convenient and most
   successful scientific methods of analysis of performance dynamics of
   nonlinear and very complex natural technical and organizational systems [ 1
   ] . the purpose of this work is to demonstrate the successful application of
   system dynamics simulation modeling at analyzing performance dynamics of a
   complex system of ship ' s propulsion system . gas turbine is a complex
   non_linear system , which needs to be systematically investigated as a unit
   consisting of a number of subsystems and elements , which are linked by
   causeeffect ( upv ) feedback loops ( kpd ) , both within the propulsion
   system and with the relevant surrounding . in this paper the authors will
   present an efficient application of scientific methods for the study of
   complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative simulation
   system dynamics methodology . gas turbine will be presented by a set of
   non_linear differential equations , after which mental_verbal structural
   models and flowcharts in system dynamics symbols will be produced , and the
   performance dynamics in load condition will be simulated in powersim
   simulation language . owned by the authors , published by edp sciences ,
   2015 .
ID differential equations; gas turbines; linear systems; propulsion; ship
   propulsion; ships; system theory; complex dynamic systems; nonlinear
   differential equation; organizational system; performance dynamics;
   propulsion system; quantitative simulation; system dynamics modeling; system
   dynamics simulation; computer simulation languages

---

UT 723
AR Wang J/2, 2014, DALIAN HAISHI DAXUE XUEBAO, V40, P13
TI Economy analysis on coastal economic zone in Liaoning province based on
   system dynamics
AU Wang J/2; Wang J/9; Wang M-R
TC 0
SO DALIAN HAISHI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2014
AB the economy influence on coastal economic zone in liaoning province was
   conducted based on system dynamics ( sd ) , combining with input_output
   method , the multiplier , and econometrics model . sd model was applied to
   analyze the influence on economy of coastal economic zone in liaoning
   province by using vensim software . the dynamic variation of the influences
   of coastal economic zone before year 2020 on the social economy in liaoning
   province was obtained through basic simulation and policy simulation , and
   the influence of different policies on its development was also researched .
DE coastal economic zone in liaoning province; economy influence; input output
   method; system dynamics

---

UT 724
AR Tsalis AT, 2015, CIV ENG ENV SYST, V32, P281, DOI
   10.1080/10286608.2015.1006129
TI A dynamic sustainability Balanced Scorecard methodology as a navigator for
   exploring the dynamics and complexity of corporate sustainability strategy
AU Tsalis AT; Nikolaou EI; Grigoroudis E; Tsagarakis PK
TC 19
SO CIV ENG ENV SYST
PY 2015
AB the majority of recent empirical research regarding corporate environmental
   literature seeks to identify the potential relationships between
   environmental management practices and the financial performance of the
   firms . in addition , another major part of the research concerns the effect
   of corporate social responsibility practices on corporate financial
   performance . the majority of these studies focus on the effect of either
   social or environmental aspects on firms ' economic performance through
   various statistical techniques in an ex post and static base ( at the end of
   year annually ) . to contribute to this literature , this article aims at
   developing a dynamic sustainability balance scorecard methodology to
   investigate the evolutionary trends of the relationships among environmental
   , social , and economic performance of firms . the main contribution is the
   development of an integrated mental model in order to improve managers ' and
   scholars ' comprehension of corporate sustainability performance . the
   proposed methodology is mainly based on the corporate environmental and
   social management literature , system thinking , system dynamics , and
   stella software . some computational examples are also presented based on
   three scenarios . 2015 taylor and francis .
DE corporate social responsibility; corporate-sustainability; stella software;
   system dynamics
ID economic and social effects; environmental impact; environmental management;
   system theory; corporate financial performance; corporate social
   responsibilities ( csr ); corporate-sustainability; environmental management
   practices; financial performance; statistical techniques; stella software;
   system dynamics; corporate strategy; environmental management; industrial
   performance; management practice; methodology; software; sustainability;
   sustainable development

---

UT 725
AR Barkalova TG, 2018, PROC INT BUS MANAG ASSOC CONF IBIMA - VIS SUSTAIN ECON
   DEV APPL INNOV MANAG REG EXPANS GLOB GROWTH, P7796
TI Modeling regional labor market dynamics
AU Barkalova TG; Tsaregorodtsev EI
TC 0
SO PROC INT BUS MANAG ASSOC CONF IBIMA - VIS SUSTAIN ECON DEV APPL INNOV MANAG
   REG EXPANS GLOB GROWTH
PY 2018
AB this study describes an algorithm for developing a simulation model of a
   region ' s labor potential . the article shows the analysis and
   socio_economic factors affecting the labor market condition of the volga
   federal district . the modeling of the main demographic processes was
   carried out with the inclusion of multiplicative correction factors . the
   model is implemented in the vensim software based on flow diagrams and
   differential equations of system dynamics . verification of the model is
   based on comparison of the predicted and actual dynamics of the
   characteristics under study using the inverse method . with the help of the
   model , a forecast of demographic determinants up to 2020 was created .
   copyright 2018 international business information management association (
   ibima ) .
DE forecasting; labor market; simulation modeling; system dynamics; vensim
ID commerce; computer simulation; differential equations; economic and social
   effects; employment; forecasting; information management; population
   statistics; system theory; inverse methods; labor markets; multiplicative
   corrections; simulation model; socio-economic factor; system dynamics;
   vensim; vensim softwares; inverse problems

---

UT 726
AR Zhao Z, 2014, INT CONF MECHATRONICS ELECTRON IND CONTROL ENG MEIC, P552
TI A system dynamics evaluation model of avionics fuel control system
AU Zhao Z; Zhou D; Sun Y/1; Li H/5
TC 1
SO INT CONF MECHATRONICS ELECTRON IND CONTROL ENG MEIC
PY 2014
AB avionics fuel control system , which is applied for delivering fuel to an
   engine in modern aircraft system , is difficult to study , design , and
   implement due to the high_security measures and the need for standard
   certification . to evaluate the complex dynamics involved in implementing
   fuel regulating for aircraft fuel system , a quantifiable evaluation model
   for avionics fuel control system based on system dynamics theory is
   developed in this paper . firstly , the speed and flow regulation process is
   briefly introduced in an avionics fuel control system . then , based on
   these operation principles , the analytic relations among the system state
   variables are provided , which come into being the system dynamics
   evaluation model . according to these analytic relations , the evalutation
   model is realized and simulated using vensim tool . the simulation result
   shows that this model can be used efficiently in modeling and evaluating of
   avionic fuel control system for its clear causality , suitable complexity ,
   and exact describe characteristics . 2014 . the authors_published by
   atlantis press .
DE aircraft; avionics fuel control system; modeling and evaluating; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID aircraft; avionics; control systems; control theory; flight control systems;
   fuel systems; fuels; system theory; aircraft systems; complex dynamics;
   evaluation modeling; fuel control; high securities; system dynamics; system
   state variables; vensim; aircraft control

---

UT 727
AR Elizondo-Noriega A/1, 2019, INT ANNU CONF PROC SOC ENG MANAG MEET CELEBR
   SYST APPROACH ENG MANAG SOLUT ASEM
TI AN analysis of the state-of-the-art on calibration techniques for replicates
   of system dynamics models
AU Elizondo-Noriega A/1; Beruvides MG; Tiruvengadam N; Guëmes-Castorena D;
   Tercero-Gómez VG
TC 3
SO INT ANNU CONF PROC SOC ENG MANAG MEET CELEBR SYST APPROACH ENG MANAG SOLUT
   ASEM
PY 2019
AB system dynamics ( sd ) _based simulation is gaining ground as simulation
   itself becomes increasingly embedded in the decision_making process . given
   the wide availability of simulation software like vensim and simulink ,
   complex systems can now be constructed , deconstructed , and replicated with
   ease unlike in the past . the concomitant increase in the need to calibrate
   sd models has not been addressed sufficiently in the literature , however ,
   with a majority of the existing research efforts being expended toward the
   creation of new models based on available data . vensim , for instance , has
   a model calibration tool referred to as ' reality check ' ( rc ) that
   focuses on calibration in regard to point estimates . it is limited in that
   it does not provide a protocol of calibration and therefore its calibration
   effectiveness is debatable . in fact , when applying rc to a model replicate
   , two problems emerge : ( 1 ) availability of historical information that
   the original was modeled on and ( 2 ) introduction of unwanted errors into
   the model by the rc process . to lay the foundations for an informed
   approach to calibration of model replicates , this work performs a
   systematic literature review of calibration techniques . the results suggest
   that cross_pollination of ideas from diverse fields of research can richly
   inform a robust approach to calibration of sd model replicates . american
   society for engineering management , 2019 .
DE model robustness; replicability; systematic review
ID decision making; system theory; calibration techniques; decision making
   process; historical information; model calibration; robust approaches;
   simulation software; system dynamics model; systematic literature review;
   computer software

---

UT 728
AR Wang C/5, 2018, PROC INST CIV ENG MUNIC ENG, V171, P185, DOI
   10.1680/jmuen.16.00044
TI System dynamics simulation on municipal solid waste in Hong Kong
AU Wang C/5
TC 3
SO PROC INST CIV ENG MUNIC ENG
PY 2018
AB the municipal solid waste ( msw ) generation in hong kong ( hk ) is
   increasing at a rapid pace , resulting in health and environmental issues
   for the public . compared with singapore and shanghai , hk has a higher msw
   generation rate due to less effective measures and government policies . to
   forecast the msw generation and recycling in hk , system dynamics modeling
   was conducted using vensim 6.0 , based on the data collected from
   semi_structured interviews and official reports in the environmental
   protection department of hk , the national environmental agency singapore
   and shanghai environmental protection agency that regularly provide
   statistics on waste outputs . the simulation results show that shortly the
   msw in hk will increase based on the current growth rates , and along with
   that , recycling will also increase . the recycling rates will offset that
   of the msw generation due to the closure of landfills , and msw will be
   effectively recycled due to more advanced disposal techniques . the
   strategies developed by the hk government will be able to manage the msw
   disposal , but the city will experience more severe msw conditions in the
   future as its landfills are expected to close earlier than planned .
   recommendations for hk to deal with msw generation were derived from the
   experiences in singapore and shanghai . 2018 ice publishing . all rights
   reserved .
DE dynamics; landfills; waste management  and  disposal
ID china; hong-kong; shanghai; singapore [ southeast asia ]; dynamics;
   environmental protection agency; land fill; recycling; system theory;
   environmental agency; environmental issues; environmental protection
   departments; msw generation rates; municipal solid waste ( msw ); semi
   structured interviews; system dynamics modeling; system dynamics simulation;
   comparative study; environmental protection; landfill; municipal solid
   waste; policy making; recycling; systems analysis; waste disposal; waste
   management; municipal solid waste

---

UT 729
AR Nair PR, 2016, INDIAN J SCI TECHNOL, V9, DOI 10.17485/ijst/2016/v9i30/99063
TI An investigation on the benefits of ICT deployment in Supply Chain
   Management (SCM)
AU Nair PR; Anbuudayasankar SP
TC 12
SO INDIAN J SCI TECHNOL
PY 2016
AB objective : the objective of the paper is to investigate the influence of
   deployment of information and communication technology ( ict ) tools in a
   supply chain context . methods / analysis : the influence of deployment of
   ict in supply chain management ( scm ) is studied using system dynamics ( sd
   ) methodology using the tool , causal loop diagram ( cld ) using software
   vensim . findings : scm discipline is grappled with dynamic and operational
   changes and challenges and this unpredictability can be understood better
   using sd . ict capabilities fundamentally improve supply chain integration
   and performance . ict adoption for scm improves collaboration , workflow and
   decision_making which lead to cost savings . improved operational efficiency
   and inventory visibility . one process in scm namely inventory control is
   described using sd . introduction of a parameter , ict capability
   dramatically changes the context and gives rise to new positive feedback
   loops novelty / improvements : the paper uses cld for ict influence on scm
   process of inventory control . this can be extended for all supply chain
   management processes in both planning and execution . case studies with the
   influence of specific ict tools like rfid , cloud , social media , business
   analytics , mobile technology and multi_agent systems are also possibilities
   for extending the study . supply chain managers can deliberate on decisions
   , strategy , issues and policy by developing scenarios using sd tools and
   software packages . however the research limitation is that this is a
   simulation in a specific supply chain context . generalization of this
   scenario may not be possible .
DE causal loop diagram ( cld ); information and communication technology ( ict
   ); inventory; supply chain management ( scm ) ict; system dynamics ( sd )

---

UT 730
AR Pushkar O, 2019, IEEE INT SCI-PRACT CONF PROBL INFOCOMMUNICATIONS SCI
   TECHNOL PIC - PROC, P123, DOI 10.1109/PICST47496.2019.9061306
TI Methods of providing information security of a multimedia publishing company
AU Pushkar O; Hrabovskyi Y
TC 2
SO IEEE INT SCI-PRACT CONF PROBL INFOCOMMUNICATIONS SCI TECHNOL PIC - PROC
PY 2019
AB in the present work an author provided methodical fundamentals of providing
   information security of a multimedia publishing company in the process of
   added value formation . the study considers the value added of multimedia
   publishing as the difference between publishing output and intermediate
   consumption . it is proposed to allocate the parameters that affect the
   value added , to study the mechanism of its formation and selection of
   parameters in order to maximize the added value of multimedia publishing .
   on account of mathematical programming tools , the author solved the task of
   elaborating the financial development program of a multimedia publishing
   company . based on the use of the system dynamics method , the simulation
   model of added value formation of a multimedia publishing company was
   created . the researcher studied the risk management issue of a multimedia
   publishing company . in order to understand the model ' s efficiency and its
   appropriateness in the company ' s operation process it is necessary to
   conduct a computer experiment with the model on the set of initial data in
   the vensim ple 5.0 environment . 2019 ieee .
DE added value; information security; risks
ID computer aided software engineering; mathematical programming; risk
   management; security of data; added values; computer experiment; financial
   development; management issues; operation process; simulation model; system
   dynamics; multimedia systems

---

UT 731
AR Peeters P, 2014, UNDERST GOV SUSTAIN TOUR MOB PSYCHOL BEHAV APPROACHES,
   P184, DOI 10.4324/9780203771501-21
TI Developing a long- term global tourism transport model using a behavioural
   approach: Implications for sustainable tourism policy making
AU Peeters P
TC 1
SO UNDERST GOV SUSTAIN TOUR MOB PSYCHOL BEHAV APPROACHES
PY 2014
AB tourism emits 5 per cent of anthropogenic carbon dioxide emissions of which
   about 75 per cent is caused by tourism transport ( scott et al . , 2010 ) .
   if historic developments continue , it will be very difficult for tourism to
   significantly reduce its emissions to a sustainable level ( scott et al . ,
   2010 ) . technology_based efficiency improvements have so far been outpaced
   by volume and demand growth ( ch'eze et al . , 2011 . owen et al . , 2010 .
   sgouridis et al . , 2010 ) . therefore , changes in demand and travel
   behavior will be inevitable to achieve sustainable tourism development with
   respect to climate change . further , most current tourism studies cover
   only international trips , just 16 per cent of all global tourism trips (
   peeters and dubois , 2010 ) . finally , a long_term horizon is needed , up
   to at least the year 2100 in most climate scenarios ( girod et al . , 2009 .
   girod et al . , 2012 . ipcc , 2000 . rogelj et al . , 2011 ) and even up to
   2300 ( moss et al . , 2010 ) . the main reasons for such a long_term focus
   in climate change scen arios are the ' ' long_term ( decades to centuries )
   trends in energy_and landuse patterns ' ' and because of ' ' the slow
   response of the climate system ( centuries ) to changing concentrations of
   greenhouse gasses ' ' ( moss et al . , 2010 , p . 748 ) . most existing
   tourism demand models ( lim , 1997 ) and many tourism scenario studies cover
   only time horizons of 15_20 years ( e . g . forum for the future , 2009 .
   schwaninger , 1984 . unwto , 2011 . wto , 1998 ) . only a few studies take
   wider horizons , all dedicated to tourism and climate change ( ceron and
   dubois , 2007 . mayor and tol , 2010 . muller and weber , 2007 ) . suitable
   systembased models for global tourism do not exist . econometric models find
   increasing validity problems when describing longer_term futures . the
   coefficients defining such models are statistically derived , but not
   necessarily founded in the real world mechanisms of behavior . this chapter
   ' s goal is to create a tourism travel behavior model founded in system
   dynamics , product diffusion and psychological mechanisms . system dynamics
   can model systems that lack data , proven theoretical foundations and need
   longer simulation periods ( sterman , 2000 ) . the chapter explores a way to
   develop a novel tourism behavior model that describes travel behavior in
   terms of trips and distances traveled per transport mode at the global scale
   . tourism ' s co2 emissions are , for a given level of technology ,
   determined by trip numbers , distances traveled and transport mode ( peeters
   and dubois , 2010 ) . therefore the model must provide estimates of trip
   numbers and distances per transport mode . important model inputs are travel
   cost , travel time , income distribution , gdp / capita and population .
   secondary inputs are transport infrastructure and technology that will
   affect both travel cost and travel time . the behavioral model has been
   created and tested with a dynamic version of the global tourism transport
   model ( gttmdyn ) . two versions of gttmdyn preceded the dynamic version : a
   basic version , gttmbas programmed with excel , with linear extrapolations
   and an advanced version , gttmadv , programmed in powersim studio ( version
   7 ) , mainly based on linear projections but with automatic scenario
   generation capabilities used for back_casting toward certain emission goals
   . the gttmbas and gttmadv models are described by dubois et al . ( 2011 )
   and peeters and dubois ( 2010 ) . the ultimate goal of the gttmdyn model is
   to provide insights into the impacts of tourism on greenhouse gas emissions
   and the effectiveness of policies to mitigate those emissions . the model
   will cover the period up to the year 2100 . a consequence of that long time
   span is that we will need to calibrate the model over a similar period , i .
   e . from 1900 to 2005 . the model must be able to handle the development of
   a completely new transport mode , civil air transport , that became
   available from c . 1920 ( ananthasayanam , 2003 ) . furthermore , gttmdyn
   should be able to handle a wide range of policies governing travel cost ,
   time or speed , infrastructure capacity and psychological factors in
   decision_making processes of tourists ( schafer , 2012 ) . the long_term and
   global character of gttmdyn forms a challenging combination to the
   behavioral ( demand ) part of the model ( schafer , 2012 ) . a common
   approach in transport modeling is the ' ' four_stage ' ' model ( bates ,
   2008 ) . the stages are trip generation , trip distribution , modal split
   and assignment to the grid or infrastructure . in gttmdyn we need the trip
   generation , distribution and mode_choice stages , but not the grid
   assignment stage , as detailed global networks are not defined in the model
   for the main transport modes . in most transport models trip generation is a
   function of population characteristics including income , age , household
   and trip properties such as motive . generalized cost ( a combination of
   cost and monetised travel time and sometimes discomfort ) is ideally taken
   into account , but often ignored ( bates , 2008 ) . trip distribution and
   modal choice generally are modeled as ( multinomial ) logit models ( bates ,
   2008 ) . multinomial logit models are used in many studies for tourism
   demand ( huybers , 2003 . lyons et al . , 2009 . nicolau , 2008 ) and
   tourism transport demand ( bieger et al . , 2007 . pettebone et al . , 2011
   ) . such models determine the probability of choice for each alternative
   using an exponential function of utility ( morley , 1994 . papatheodorou ,
   2006 ) . another line of modeling is based on the use of constant elasticity
   for travel cost and travel time ( schafer , 2012 ) . schafer ( 2012 ) shows
   that most large_scale transport models use a constant elasticity of
   substitution ( ces ) or price elasticity as the basic demand function , and
   in some cases , additionally , a logit type of model to govern distribution
   of trips over transport modes . distances are generally determined from
   distances between ( world ) regions as given by schafer ( 2012 , p . 31 ) .
   the problem with elasticity_based models is that elasticities are more a
   statistical artifact than a factor that represents any specific ' '
   psychological ' ' behavior . elasticities differ when taken over different
   time periods and general validity is low which is shown by the very wide
   range of values obtained from different studies for the same kind of
   behavior , e . g . choice between air and car transport ( oum et al . , 2008
   ) . the kinds of modeling described above are founded in the standard
   economic model ( sem ) . the main axioms of sem are that economic agents
   make rational decisions , are motivated by utility maximization , are purely
   selfish , ignore the impact on others ' utility , are bayesian probability
   operators , have consistent time preferences ( i . e . the discount rate is
   constant over time ) and consider all income and assets to be completely
   fungible or freely interchangeable ( wilkinson , 2008 , p . 5 ) . mounting
   criticism of sem claims that almost none of the above axioms seems to be
   valid in the real world and result in different strands of thinking like
   behavioral economics ( wilkinson , 2008 ) including prospect theory (
   kahneman and tversky , 1979 ) , evolutionary economics ( dopfer , 2005 ) and
   ecological economics ( daly and farley , 2004 ) . it seems risky ,
   specifically in the context of a systems model for a long_term analysis , to
   ignore known discrepancies in human economic behavior . therefore , the
   behavioral model of gttmdyn has been founded on insights from prospect
   theory ( kahneman , 2011 . kahneman and tversky , 1979 ) as will be further
   elaborated in the next section . 2014 editorial matter and selection : scott
   a . cohen , james e . s . higham , paul peeters and stefan gossling .

---

UT 732
AR Liu Y/1, 2019, XI TONG CHENG YU DIAN ZI JI SHU/SYST ENG ELECTRON, V41,
   P2807, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1001-506X.2019.12.20
TI System dynamics model of stakeholders in manned spaceflight space
   applications; [载人航天空间应用利益相关者系统动力学模型]
AU Liu Y/1; Yang Y; Yan X; Tian Y; Li Y/8
TC 0
SO XI TONG CHENG YU DIAN ZI JI SHU/SYST ENG ELECTRON
PY 2019
AB based on a qualitative analysis about structure and relationships of the
   stakeholders of manned spaceflight , the system dynamics model of the manned
   spaceflight space application stakeholders is constructed by establishing
   the causal relationship model of the stakeholders in the research and
   development stage and the application stage respectively . based on the
   model , the computer simulation tool vensim is used to simulate , the
   sensitivity analysis is carried out , and the output results are discussed .
   a scientific ranking is maked based on the degree of influence of
   stakeholders in the manned space application system . the results show that
   the influence degree of the stakeholders is in the order of the manned
   spaceflight space applications users , administration departments ,
   government departments , and technicians , resources and products
   competitors , development partners , research and development application
   upstream suppliers , industry organizations , mass media and social public .
   2019 , editorial office of systems engineering and electronics . all right
   reserved .
DE manned spaceflight space application; stakeholder; system dynamics model
ID public administration; sensitivity analysis; space applications; system
   theory; causal relationship models; government departments; influence
   degree; manned space applications; qualitative analysis; research and
   development; stakeholder; system dynamics model; manned space flight

---

UT 733
AR Ogano NO, 2017, SOUTH AFR J IND ENG, V28, P20, DOI 10.7166/28-1-1607
TI Analysis of policy options for projects in the electricity sector in sub-
   Saharan Africa: A system dynamics approach
AU Ogano NO; Pretorius L
TC 4
SO SOUTH AFR J IND ENG
PY 2017
AB many projects in the electricity energy sector in africa ' s sub_saharan
   region experience delays and challenges to quality , leading to frequent
   power outages that slow overall economic activity and frustrate investor
   confidence in the region . this paper presents the systemic methods employed
   to evaluate the dynamic consequences of policies in electricity energy
   sector projects in the region . the model uses the vensim software to carry
   out the simulations . a range of illustrative scenarios are provided and
   analyzed , and the paper compares and contrasts these different scenarios .
   the results show that there is merit in improving project management
   competence in the region . a shortage of commissioning engineers also
   emerged as a major problem in the projects , leading to multi_tasking as the
   few existing commissioning engineers move from one project to another . to
   address this weakness , the study proposes that contracting firms be
   compelled to employ a higher proportion of commissioning engineers . 2017 ,
   south african institute of industrial engineering . all rights reserved .
ID economics; engineers; investments; project management; contracting firms;
   electricity sector; overall economic activity; policy options; project
   management competence; sub-saharan africa; system dynamics approach; vensim
   softwares; outages

---

UT 734
AR Wen L, 2015, J COMPUT SCI, V12, P3431, DOI 10.12733/jics20106019
TI Systematic dynamics method for scenario simulation analysis of urban traffic
   CO2 emissions in baoding
AU Wen L; Cao Y; Weng J
TC 1
SO J COMPUT SCI
PY 2015
AB with the strategy of low_carbon pilot city proceeding in china , the
   objective of this study is to identify simulated_variation tendency of urban
   traffic carbon emission under various policy focus and provide
   emission_cutting recommendations relatively in baoding . system dynamics is
   based on the because_and_effect analysis and feedback loops structures ,
   including two sub_models : vehicles quantity and co2 emissions using vensim
   ple software from 2006 to 2013 . with an innovative exploration , this study
   employs system dynamics to carry out scenario numerical_simulation analysis
   , more specifically : establishing system dynamics model , analyzing
   scenario numerical_simulation results under different changed parameters and
   suggesting improvement proposal , making comparison and analysis . result
   provides simulated data of energy consumption and carbon emissions and
   indicates the differences under different urban development strategies .
   typically , large utilization of liquefied natural gas vehicle ( lng ) bus
   in urban transportation could reduce co2 emissions considerably .
   controlling vehicle quantity to improve the sustainability of transportation
   system are significant . , 2015 , journal of information and computational
   science . all right reserved .
DE co2 emissions; scenario numerical simulation; system dynamics; urban traffic
ID carbon; carbon dioxide; energy utilization; gas emissions; liquefied natural
   gas; natural gas transportation; natural gas vehicles; numerical models;
   petroleum prospecting; system theory; urban growth; cause-and-effect
   analysis; co2 emissions; comparison and analysis; numerical simulation
   analysis; system dynamics; system dynamics model; transportation system;
   urban traffic; urban transportation

---

UT 735
AR Zhou X/2, 2011, ADV INTELL SOFT COMPUT, V105, P681, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-23756-0_109
TI Research on simulation of logistic impact on the environment based on system
   dynamics
AU Zhou X/2; Liu N; Wang G
TC 1
SO ADV INTELL SOFT COMPUT
PY 2011
AB the rapid development of the logistics industry is going to have some
   negative impact on environment . how the development of logistics industry
   influences the environment with the concept of environmental costs is
   discussed . also , a simulating model combined with economic , logistics and
   environmental system is set up . vensim is used to simulate and to predict
   the amount of investment need to be made on environmental pollution
   treatment . the result can be used for policy making . 2011 springer_verlag
   berlin heidelberg .
DE environment pollution; logistics; simulation; system dynamics
ID intelligent systems; pollution; system theory; environment pollution;
   environmental costs; environmental pollutions; environmental systems; impact
   on the environment; logistics industry; negative impacts; policy making;
   rapid development; simulation; system dynamics; computer simulation

---

UT 736
AR Garbolino E, 2019, ADV SCI TECH SEC APPL, P31, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-96259-7_2
TI Systems dynamics applied to the analysis of risk at an industrial
   installation
AU Garbolino E; Chéry J-P; Guarnieri F
TC 0
SO ADV SCI TECH SEC APPL
PY 2019
AB this chapter presents a framework for the implementation of the dynamic
   modeling of systems to support risk management at an industrial facility .
   this approach , implemented using the stella software package , provides the
   decision maker with a way to model a system and simulate its behavior over
   time . it takes a dynamic approach to the analysis of industrial risks ,
   based on four complementary stages that facilitate detailed analyzes and the
   continuous improvement of risk management ( fig . 2.1 ) : design of the
   dynamic model and simulation of system behavior : this stage involves :
   identifying the variables that describe the state of continuously
   interacting system components . defining hypotheses that establish the
   interactions with a view to formalizing the proposed system . developing a
   model of causal relationships between variables . formulating these
   relationships as differential equations . and implementing them in software
   ( forrester 1961 . donnadieu and karsky 2002 ) . comprehensive failure
   analysis : this stage uses a classical risk analysis method , hazop (
   andrews and moss 2002 ) . this method is used to try to identify all
   potential failures . using the dynamic model , potential changes in the
   system ' s behavior can be analyzed . comprehensive simulation of the
   consequences of failures : this stage uses the phast software package ( see
   the dnv website ) to simulate hazardous phenomena ( toxic emissions ,
   overpressure , thermal flows , etc . ) and assess their potential
   consequences . testing of prevention and protection methods : this stage
   consists of assessing the effectiveness of prevention , protection and
   backup measures . it makes it possible to define new measures , if necessary
   . the model can then be re_developed based on the assumption that the
   identified prevention and protection measures have been implemented (
   garbolino et al . 2009 ) . springer international publishing ag , part of
   springer nature 2019 .

---

UT 737
AR Jiang D, 2015, NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V31, P1, DOI
   10.11975/j.issn.1002-6819.2015.17.001
TI Simulation of cultivated land conversion trend and its effect on carbon
   budget in China
AU Jiang D; Li X/7; Qu F; Yan J; Wang Y/7; Zhang S/1; Shi X/1; He G
TC 5
SO NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2015
AB along with the rapid industrialization and urbanization , china is
   undergoing increasingly aggravated cultivated land conversion . consequently
   , it causes great damage to environment and the worsening of the greenhouse
   effect . therefore , this paper puts the cultivated land conversion and
   carbon budget into a unified framework , and uses the system dynamics method
   to simulate and measure the carbon budget change caused by the farmland
   conversion from 1996 to 2020 . using the system dynamics software vensim ,
   the carbon budget system model based on cultivated land conversion is built
   , which emphasizes the population subsystem , economic subsystem ,
   cultivated land subsystem and construction land subsystem . then the dynamic
   behavior of each system is simulated and the change law is revealed .
   firstly , through simulating and comparing the data of the cultivated land
   and construction land from 1996 to 2020 , it is found that the cultivated
   land conversion is concentrated in the eastern region , and the area of
   china ' s cultivated land is decreasing while the construction land is
   increasing . the simulation results indicate that the area of cultivated
   land has reduced from 1.293108 hm2 in 1996 to 1.204108 hm2 in 2020 , and the
   construction land has increased from 2.407107 to 3.073107 hm2 . secondly ,
   in the process of simulating the national carbon budget , the paper mainly
   selects the 4 variables which are construction land green area , ecological
   restoration , cultivated land and construction land . and their carbon sink
   / source correlation coefficients are obtained from previous research . the
   carbon budget measurement shows that from 1996 to 2020 , the carbon sink
   based on national cultivated land conversion reduces from 7.90108 to 7.48108
   t , the carbon source increases from 9.34109 to 1.171010 t , and the
   national carbon budget of the cultivated land conversion generally presents
   that the carbon expenditure increases from 8.55109 to 1.101010 t . thirdly ,
   the paper divides china into 4 regions ( northeast , east , center and west
   ) and makes regional comparison . the selection and estimation of parameters
   are similar to the whole country . the regional simulation results show that
   the carbon expenditure in the east is 3.569109 t , in the west is 2.065109 t
   , in the central is 1.991109 t , and in the northeast is 8.99108 t in 1996 .
   and in the year 2020 , the carbon expenditure in the east is 5.029109 t , in
   the west is 2.261109 t , and in the central is 2.216109 t , and in the
   northeast is 1.084109 t . and the capacity of carbon sink will be decreasing
   in 4 regions , the carbon source will be increasing significantly in future
   , and the carbon budget will present carbon expenditure which is predicted
   to increase but the increase is not huge . by comparison , the carbon source
   and carbon budget in east will increase mostly . the carbon sink , carbon
   source and carbon budget will be stable in northeast . so , the imbalance
   status of carbon budget in china is mainly caused by the eastern region . ,
   2015 , chinese society of agricultural engineering . all right reserved .
DE carbon; carbon sink; carbon source; china; cultivated land conversion;
   emission control; land use
ID budget control; emission control; greenhouse effect; land use; system
   theory; carbon sink; carbon source; china; construction land; correlation
   coefficient; cultivated lands; ecological restoration; estimation of
   parameters; carbon

---

UT 738
AR Wang H/2, 2013, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V398 PART I, P435, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-45025-9_43
TI A system dynamic based utilization effectiveness assessment method of marine
   functional zones in Qindao, China
AU Wang H/2; Li M/8; Hu N; Gao Y/5
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2013
AB the marine functional zoning ( mfz ) for china is a new large_scale ,
   ecosystem_based zoning policy for management of development and use in the
   marine environment . the system dynamic ( sd ) method is used to evaluate
   the utilization effectiveness of existed marine functional zones ( mfzs )
   quantitatively for china . as a case study , an impact assessment system is
   constructed to obtain the because and effect feedback chart of the
   mariculture functional zones in qingdao city , china . a feedback sd model
   and the main control loops are developed to analyze the utilization
   effectiveness of the mariculture functional zones . vensim software is
   applied to the assessment for the mariculture functional zones of qingdao .
   analysis results and simulations are presented to verify and validate the
   proposed model . springer_verlag berlin heidelberg 2013 .
DE marine functional zoning; marine policy; system dynamics; utilization
   effectiveness
ID computer simulation; ecosystems; natural resources management; resource
   allocation; zoning; cause and effects; effectiveness assessment; functional
   zoning; impact assessments; marine environment; marine policy; system
   dynamics; vensim softwares; marine biology

---

UT 739
AR Xue C/1, 2017, PROCEDIA ENG, V174, P232, DOI 10.1016/j.proeng.2017.01.125
TI Influence Factor Analysis of Enterprise IT Innovation Capacity Based on
   System Dynamics
AU Xue C/1; Xu Y
TC 8
SO PROCEDIA ENG
PY 2017
AB highly innovative information system is essential for enterprises to
   efficiently apply information so as to gain competitive advantage . to this
   end , aiming at increase it innovation capacity , this paper studies the
   influence factors of it innovation capacity . first , based on system
   dynamics , the influencing factors of enterprise it innovation capacity are
   analyzed as well as the internal logic relationships among the factors .
   then , the influencing factors ' system dynamics model of it innovative
   capacity is established and vensim ple software is utilized to simulate the
   model . finally , different quantitative tests are carried out and simulated
   on the university_industry cooperation , it personnel and enterprise r and d
   investment . the simulation results show that university_industry
   cooperation , it personnel and enterprise r and d investment have different
   effects on the development capability of it system at different times , and
   the development capability of it system plays an indirect role between it
   resources and it innovation capacity , and it is excavated by the
   internalization of it resources . the study is significant for enterprises
   to accelerate the formation of it innovation capacity . 2017 the authors .
DE development capability of enterprise it system; it innovation capacity; it
   personnel; r and d investment; university-industry cooperation
ID competition; investments; manufacture; system theory; competitive advantage;
   enterprise it; influence factor analysis; innovative capacity; it
   innovation; quantitative tests; system dynamics model; university
   industries; personnel

---

UT 740
AR Boyko AA, 2019, J PHYS CONF SER, V1353, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1353/1/012123
TI Imitation-dynamic model for calculating the efficiency of the financial
   leverage
AU Boyko AA; Kukartsev VV/1; Eremeev DV; Tynchenko VS; Bukhtoyarov VV; Stupina
   AA
TC 17
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2019
AB the article presents a simulation_dynamic model for calculating the
   financial leverage efficiency level . the model was developed on the basis
   of the system dynamics method using powersim studio tools . in the
   constructed model , the calculations were carried out on the example of pjsc
   koks , one of the largest russian producers and exporters of metallurgical
   coke . the model was used as a tool to study the capital structure of the
   enterprise . as a result of the experiments , the level values of financial
   leverage efficiency , differential of financial leverage and financial
   leverage ratio were calculated . on the basis of the calculations , the
   conclusions were made about the quality of management of borrowed capital in
   the enterprise . in addition the assessment of the developed model of
   financial leverage efficiency was carried out . as a result of the
   assessment , both the model advantages and its disadvantages were indicated
   . 2019 published under license by iop publishing ltd .
ID dynamic models; efficiency; industrial research; manufacture; metallurgical
   coke; capital structure; developed model; efficiency levels; imitation
   dynamics; system dynamics; finance

---

UT 741
AR Simonetto EDO, 2014, PROD, V24, P212, DOI 10.1590/S0103-65132013005000034
TI Systems dynamics simulations for evaluating scenarios of urban solid waste
   generation and disposal; [Simulação baseada em system dynamics para
   avaliação de cenários sobre geração e disposição de resíduos sólidos
   urbanos]
AU Simonetto EDO; Löbler ML
TC 7
SO PROD
PY 2014
AB this paper presents the development , validation and application of a
   simulation model using a systems dynamics methodology , which allows users
   and managers to evaluate and analyze scenarios in the context of urban solid
   waste generation and disposal . the developed model accounts for the
   following rates and parameters : rate of natural increase ( birth rates and
   death rates ) , percentage of urban solid waste sent to each type of final
   disposal site and the amount of waste generated per capita . the simulated
   scenarios consider three distinct situations : ( a ) the current scenario
   with varying rates , ( b ) the current scenario with fixed rates and ( c ) a
   scenario with rates similar to those of the netherlands . the model was
   validated through the analysis of future scenarios for a municipality in
   southern brazil . vensim_ventana systems was employed for the system
   modeling and development .
DE computational simulation; decision making process; solid waste; solid waste
   management; system dynamics

---

UT 742
AR Song Y, 2016, TONGJI DAXUE XUEBAO, V44, P473, DOI
   10.11908/j.issn.0253-374x.2016.03.022
TI Simulation and influencing factors analysis of automotive industry
   innovation ecosystem
AU Song Y; You J; Luan Q
TC 1
SO TONGJI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2016
AB based on the theory of innovation ecosystem and system dynamics , this paper
   constructs the model of automotive industry innovation ecosystem . using the
   vensim ple to optimize the model , with shanghai automotive industry for
   example , this paper analyzes the development trend of automotive industry
   innovation ecosystem , under the different level of government guidance ,
   research and development spending , and industrial investment within a
   certain range . the results show that : the rank of effects of three
   indicators from strong to weak is research and development spending ,
   industrial investment , and government guidance . in the early stage of
   industry development , the industry added value was sensitive with the
   change of government guidance , but excessive government guidance would
   cause negative impact . with the improvement of market mechanism , the
   effect of governance factors will be weak gradually . 2016 , science press .
   all right reserved .
DE automotive industry; innovation ecosystem; simulation; system dynamics
ID ecology; economics; ecosystems; industrial research; research and
   development management; system theory; government guidances; industrial
   investments; industry development; influencing factors analysis; research
   and development; shanghai automotive; simulation; system dynamics;
   automotive industry

---

UT 743
AR Luan K, 2010, ICLEM LOGIST SUSTAIN ECON DEV - INFRASTRUCT INTEGR - PROC INT
   CONF LOGIST ENG MANAG, V387, P3619, DOI 10.1061/41139(387)504
TI Simulation of freight consolidation strategy based on system dynamics
AU Luan K
TC 1
SO ICLEM LOGIST SUSTAIN ECON DEV - INFRASTRUCT INTEGR - PROC INT CONF LOGIST
   ENG MANAG
PY 2010
AB freight consolidation is a distribution strategy which can reduce
   transportation costs associated with small shipments . traditional model of
   freight consolidation adopts quantitative analysis . in this paper , a
   method of system dynamics is used to analyze the operation status of
   influence factors and search the advantage of implementing freight
   consolidation . a system dynamic simulation model of freight consolidation
   is built by vensim version 5.4d . the outputs show that freight
   consolidation tends to increase the freight capacity of single vehicle , the
   vehicle loading ratio , and the profit of freight . it can also decrease the
   amount of freight vehicle cost and the freight cost of goods . 2010 asce .
DE costs; freight transportation; logistics; simulation
ID computer simulation; costs; profitability; system theory; distribution
   strategies; freight capacity; freight costs; freight vehicle; influence
   factors; operation status; quantitative analysis; simulation; system
   dynamics; transportation cost; vehicle loading; freight transportation

---

UT 744
AR Zhu Y/1, 2016, DESALIN WATER TREAT, V57, P505, DOI
   10.1080/19443994.2014.972466
TI System dynamics modeling and simulation of a coagulation–ultrafiltration
   process for the treatment of drinking water
AU Zhu Y/1; Zhang X/3; Zhang H
TC 1
SO DESALIN WATER TREAT
PY 2016
AB in this work , a system dynamics ( sd ) model of a
   coagulationultrafiltration ( uf ) process was developed using vensim and
   validated with experimental data . the sd model includes the basic elements
   and essential structure of the coagulationuf process system . numerical
   simulations were used to optimize the operating parameters of the sd model .
   the simulation results demonstrated that the absorption resistance ( ra )
   contributed a small portion of the total resistance ( rt ) ( 15 % ) in the
   basic experiment , where the initial permeate flux ( j0 ) was 35 m3/ ( m2 h
   ) . furthermore , the cake layer resistance ( rc ) was the main because of
   the total resistance ( rt ) within the model . the concentration of
   coagulant and the removal rate of membrane fouling were positively
   correlated when the coagulant concentration increased from 20 to 35 mg / l .
   in addition , the contribution of total resistance to membrane fouling was
   obtained from the sd model . the membrane fouling rate reached 22.5 pa / h
   after 16 backwashing cycles which corresponds to the predicted chemical
   cleaning time . the sd model presented here can provide guidance in
   optimizing operating parameters through numerical simulations which eschew
   the need for large amounts of repeated tests . 2014 balaban desalination
   publications . all rights reserved .
DE cake layer resistance; coagulationultrafiltration process; drinking water
   treatment; membrane fouling; system dynamics modeling
ID absorption; coagulation; drinking water; experimental study; fouling;
   membrane; numerical model; ultrafiltration; water treatment

---

UT 745
AR Wang H/1, 2016, SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO, V38, P48, DOI
   10.13255/j.cnki.jusst.2016.01.009
TI Technological innovation system of pharmaceutical industry based on system
   dynamics
AU Wang H/1; Zhang Z/3
TC 0
SO SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2016
AB with the rapid development of information technology , there is higher
   requirement for the pharmaceutical industry to focus on technological
   innovation capability . according to some related researches , the method of
   system dynamics and the simulation tool of vensim were introduced . the
   system dynamics model of technological innovation was established to do the
   in_depth study of the internal structure of technological innovation system
   and the feedback loop between various elements . then the software of vensim
   was used to perform the model validation test , and finally the impacts of
   new products share , degradation rate of technical knowledge , and r and d
   investment of technological innovation were further analyzed . the results
   indicate that to maintain technological innovation , the company ' s new
   products proportion should not be too high , with the increase of technical
   knowledge degradation rate , enterprises should pay more attention to the
   accumulation of technical knowledge , and high r and d investment does not
   necessarily enhance the capability of technological innovation . 2016 ,
   editorial board of journal of usst . all right reserved .
DE pharmaceutical industry; system dynamics; technological innovation system

---

UT 746
AR Song J/4, 2018, PROCEDIA ENG, V211, P635, DOI 10.1016/j.proeng.2017.12.058
TI Dynamic Simulation of the Group Behavior under Fire Accidents Based on
   System Dynamics
AU Song J/4; Zhang M-G; Zheng F; Chen F-Z
TC 6
SO PROCEDIA ENG
PY 2018
AB in order to study the group behavior under severe fire accidents in chemical
   industrial park , a model of the group behavior was built based on the
   epidemic model and the system dynamics ( sd ) theory and method . the
   influencing factors were selected through analysis of previous research .
   and taking the group behavior as the main research object , the causality
   relationships and model between the influencing factors were analyzed . on
   this basis , system dynamics software vensim was applied to finish dynamic
   simulation , then dealt with the influence of the group behavior in the
   change of government credibility , public sentiment and influence of events
   . the simulation results show that improving the government credibility
   would increase the public ' s satisfaction and trust to the government . at
   the same time , it is an important measure to deal with the group behavior
   by easing public sentiment and reducing influence of events . it provides a
   basis method for group behavior management related to fire accidents in
   chemical industrial park . 2017 the authors . published by elsevier ltd .
DE behavior decision; epidemic model; fire accidents; group behavior; system
   dynamic
ID accidents; computer software; epidemiology; fire extinguishers; fires; group
   theory; system theory; behavior decision; epidemic modeling; fire accident;
   group behavior; system dynamics; fire protection

---

UT 747
AR Du Z-P, 2015, INT CONF LOGIST SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG, P86
TI System dynamic analysis of big data patterns in fresh fruit 020 application
AU Du Z-P; Wang M-B
TC 0
SO INT CONF LOGIST SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG
PY 2015
AB in this paper , system dynamics , using vensim simulation software to fresh
   fruit o2o business_xu xian , promised to build a causal loop model fresh
   supply chain model , and its system dynamics analysis through the analysis
   of the existing network promises fresh o2o model , obtained in the
   development of existing models will highlight the problem and analyze fresh
   promise to solve the problem of network development in technology by big
   data . finally , according to the system causal loop diagram optimization
   recommendations given in big data technologies promise to reduce the risk of
   fresh net supply chain , optimize existing o2o mode , keep the rapid
   development of enterprises to provide technical support .
DE big date; fresh fruit o2o model; supply chain management; system dynamics
ID computer software; fruits; supply chain management; system theory; big date;
   causal loop diagrams; data technologies; fresh fruits; network development;
   simulation software; supply chain modeling; system dynamics; big data

---

UT 748
AR Wen T, 2014, CHIN CONTROL DECIS CONF CCDC, P3585, DOI
   10.1109/CCDC.2014.6852801
TI Research on wartime aircraft carrier SoS POL support strategy based on
   system dynamics
AU Wen T; Pan X/1; Wu Y/3
TC 0
SO CHIN CONTROL DECIS CONF CCDC
PY 2014
AB the continuous process of ils ( integrated logistic support ) tasks is
   attributed to the stable state of ils process system composed of ils
   activities . in terms of individual activity , the variation of the entire
   process state was random , but from an overall perspective , it followed
   certain statistical regularity . according to the above characteristics of
   ils process , the author was able to discover the key activities in the ils
   process , and then to describe the key activities by virtue of system
   dynamics after the refinement of the key activities . after modeling the ils
   process through vensim software to set the initial value and simulation , we
   could observe the changes of the parameters involved in ils activities .
   through these efforts , it became possible to predict the abnormal
   activities . then the author further found the key parameters which to a
   large extend affect the ils process to ensure that ils process would be
   carried out smoothly . this paper tried to verity this method by analyzing
   wartime aircraft carrier system of systems ( so is ) pol support . the ils
   tasks practice demonstrated that system dynamics method , specific to the
   predictions about complex ils activities anomalies , could timely and
   effectively improve the reliability and accuracy of ils support strategy .
   2014 ieee .
DE aircraft carrier; ils; sos; system dynamics
ID aircraft carriers; computer software; systems engineering; carrier systems;
   continuous process; ils; integrated logistics; sos; statistical regularity;
   system dynamics; vensim softwares; system theory

---

UT 749
AR Xi X, 2013, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V16, P157, DOI 10.1016/j.procs.2013.01.017
TI Using system dynamics for sustainable water resources management in
   Singapore
AU Xi X; Poh KL
TC 80
SO PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI
PY 2013
AB to strive to full self_sufficiency in water , singapore has invested heavily
   in desalination , wastewater reclamation ( branded as newater ) , water
   catchment management and other similar projects . among the many
   alternatives to augment singapore ' s water supply , decision_makers need to
   know which one is the most sustainable plan to pursue . this research
   project aims to demonstrate the usefulness of system dynamics ( sd ) as a
   decision support tool to help achieve sustainable water management in
   singapore . we have developed a system dynamics model called singaporewater
   and analyzed the long_term impacts of various investment plans . we
   discovered that investing in underground water storage or surface water
   catchments alone is not sufficient to help achieve self_sufficiency in water
   . if singapore starts to invest in desalination or newater only after there
   is inadequacy of water , then it will result in about five years of water
   shortage followed by another five years of water abundance . the results
   highlight the need to build water infrastructures well in advance in order
   to meet singapore ' s future water demand . 2013 the authors . published by
   elsevier b . v .
DE decision support; sustainability; system dynamics; vensim; water resources
   management

---

UT 750
AR Wei L, 2014, ADV MATER RES, V981, P249, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMR.981.249
TI The performance evaluation of enterprise informatization research based on
   dynamic balanced scorecard
AU Wei L; Zhang WX; Xu WZ
TC 1
SO ADV MATER RES
PY 2014
AB the performance evaluation of enterprise informatization not only can
   accelerate the process of enterprise informatization , but also can avoid
   trapping in informatization investment . in view of the existing problems in
   the performance evaluation of enterprise informatization , the paper seeks
   to combine the use of the balanced scorecard and system dynamics as dynamic
   balanced scorecard for performance evaluation . it aims to establish a model
   for the combination of these long_and short_term organizational activities
   as a framework for evaluating the enterprise informatization performance .
   example is given from a enterprise imposed informatization using vensim
   software , of how core capabilities are managed to show how strategy impact
   on the enterprise operation . the study finds that , using the dynamic
   balanced scorecard method to the evaluation of enterprise informatization
   has good maneuverability and rationality . ( 2014 ) trans tech publications
   , switzerland .
DE dynamic balanced scorecard; enterprise informatization performance
   evaluation; system dynamics; vensim
ID information science; balanced scorecards; core capabilities; enterprise
   informatization; existing problems; informatization; system dynamics;
   vensim; vensim softwares; system theory

---

UT 751
AR Liu X/5, 2015, EMERG ECON RISK DEV INTELL TECHNOL - PROC INT CONF RISK ANAL
   CRISIS RESPONSE RACR, P59
TI Simulation of the policy effect of technological SMEs loan risk compensation
   based on SD model
AU Liu X/5; Zhang M/4; Song L
TC 0
SO EMERG ECON RISK DEV INTELL TECHNOL - PROC INT CONF RISK ANAL CRISIS RESPONSE
   RACR
PY 2015
AB in order to soften the financing difficulties for technological smes during
   independent innovation period , governments of all levels give compensation
   of new loan balance to banking financial institutions that support the
   enterprises with credit . we use vensim software and do analog simulation
   sensitivity analysis toward compensation policy loan risk of technological
   smes effect on the basis of system dynamics model . we increase compensation
   proportion of new loan balance from 0.5 % to 5 % , and find it has a
   positive but weak effect to enterprises ' funds of innovation , innovation
   gains and banking lending quotas . we can see that the government should
   make an appropriate compensation to balance of bank new loan , but not too
   much , in order to make suggestions to help technological smes to get loans
   from banks pertinently and to strengthen the enterprises ' will of
   innovation and not to waste too much fiscal funds . 2015 taylor and francis
   group , london .
ID computer software; finance; risk assessment; sensitivity analysis; analog
   simulations; financial institution; independent innovation; loan balance;
   policy effects; risk compensations; system dynamics model; vensim softwares;
   risk analysis

---

UT 752
AR Makarov VL, 2019, BUS INF, V13, P7, DOI 10.17323/1998-0663.2019.4.7.16
TI Developing digital twins for production enterprises
AU Makarov VL; Bakhtizin AR; Beklaryan GL
TC 24
SO BUS INF
PY 2019
AB this article presents a new approach to developing digital twins of
   production companies with the use of simulation methods . it describes the
   concept of digital twins as an integrated system that aggregates simulation
   models , databases and intelligent software modules of the class of genetic
   optimization algorithms , subsystems of data mining , etc . the article
   presents examples of simulation models of different production companies ,
   in particular , a typical assembly plant and a typical oil production
   enterprise . the first company carries out activities to assembly products
   from individual components with its own individual characteristics . to
   describe the behavior of such an enterprise , methods of agent and
   discrete_event modeling are used . the second enterprise produces raw
   carbohydrate materials at existing fields with individual characteristics .
   the integrated simulation models thus developed are integrated with a
   subject_oriented database and optimization modules that facilitate providing
   a control of the technological and resource characteristics of the
   respective production enterprises . the development of these models was
   performed using anylogic and powersim simulation systems that support
   agent_based modeling and system dynamics methods . we demonstrate here the
   possibility of creating ' digital twins ' for production companies using
   modern simulation tools . 2010 sociedad mexicana de psicologia . all rights
   reserved .
DE agent-based modeling; digital economy; digital twins; discrete event
   simulation; production companies; system dynamics

---

UT 753
AR Li L-Q, 2016, CHIN GEN PR, V19, P12, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1007-9572.2016.01.003
TI Model Building and Simulation of the Development Trend of Community Health
   Services in China
AU Li L-Q; Lu Z-X; Wu D
TC 4
SO CHIN GEN PR
PY 2016
AB objective : to explore the pattern and trend of the future development of
   community health services ( chs ) . methods : the study focused on the
   promotion of ' ' six_in_one ' ' function of chs . based on the
   characteristics and development status of chs and using the simulation
   theory and method of system dynamics , the kernel variables of the
   development of chs system were determined , and the policy simulation models
   and variable equation were established within the inner structure of the
   system . by using the simulation software vensim , the simulation and
   prediction of the future development trend of chs were made . results : four
   subsystems of the normal function of chs were established , including
   medical services , human resources , medical equipment and medical
   equipments . the number of people receiving diagnosis and treatment and the
   number of people being hospitalized are the kernel variables of the
   subsystem of medical resources . the number of health workers is the kernel
   variable of the subsystem of human resources . the total value of equipment
   worth more ten thousand yuan is the kernel variable of subsystem of medical
   equipment . the gap between revenues and expenditures is the kernel variable
   of the subsystem of economic system . the number of people receiving
   diagnosis and treatment , the number of people being hospitalized , the
   number of health workers , the total value of equipment worth more ten
   thousand yuan and the gap between revenues and expenditures in 2020 are 2
   227.11 million , 13.976 million , 7 281.85 million , 94 701.5 million and _1
   974.99 million . conclusion : the number of people receiving diagnosis and
   treatment , the number of people being hospitalized , the number of health
   workers and the total value of equipment worth more ten thousand yuan have
   been increasing . the gap between revenues and expenditures has up and downs
   , while the fluctuation is not distinct , which is common due to the
   objective law of balance between income and payment . copyright 2016 by the
   chinese general practice .
DE community health services; development trend; simulation study; system
   dynamics

---

UT 754
AR Ji S, 2012, APPL MECH MATER, V178-181, P2643, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.178-181.2643
TI System dynamics based research on performance of supply chain
AU Ji S; Xie Q; Fang Y/1
TC 3
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2012
AB this paper analyzes the intrinsic relationship between the supply chain
   structure and its key factor , and builds a system dynamics model of supply
   chain under the advance payment financing business . establishing the
   dynamic equations and simulating with vensim simulation software , the
   result has been proved that prepayments financing has a positive impact on
   the supply chain performance . ( 2012 ) trans tech publications ,
   switzerland .
DE performance; prepayments; supply chain; system dynamics
ID building materials; civil engineering; computer software; system theory;
   advance payments; dynamic equations; key factors; performance; prepayments;
   simulation software; supply chain performance; supply chain structures;
   system dynamics; system dynamics model; supply chains

---

UT 755
AR Zhang J-K, 2011, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V31, P2101
TI Dynamic simulation of regional sustainable tourism development system
AU Zhang J-K
TC 5
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2011
AB based on sustainable development theory , sustainable tourism development
   system was established which was made up of population subsystem , society
   subsystem , resource subsystem , environment subsystem and tourism subsystem
   . a system dynamics model , which could describe the relations among the
   components in the sustainable tourism development system and its development
   , was built , using system dynamics . the system dynamical model was
   realized by software tool vensim . as an application of this model , a
   simulation was carried on of sustainable tourism development in tibet . a
   best development pattern is presented through regulation of several key
   indexes , aiding to promote sustainable tourism development in tibet .
DE simulation; sustainable development; system dynamics; tibet; tourism
ID computer simulation; planning; system theory; dynamical model; simulation;
   software tool; sustainable tourism; system dynamics; system dynamics model;
   tibet; tourism; sustainable development

---

UT 756
AR Li Z-Y, 2019, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V791, P217, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-94589-7_22
TI Dynamic analysis of enterprise security system based on multi-level analysis
   and structural equation model
AU Li Z-Y; Chen X-B; Sun Q
TC 0
SO ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT
PY 2019
AB to explore the internal operating mechanism of unsafety enterprise behavior
   system , this paper use hfacs and sd model that construct the causal
   relationship diagram of multi_level model of unsafe behavior in hfacs . the
   simulation analysis by running vensim software shows that the effect of
   tissue layer safety state on unsafe behavior is the most significant . this
   paper also conducted a survey of a enterprise in shandong . the effective
   questionnaires collected will be analyzed by the structural equation model (
   sem ) . at the organizational level , the improvement of the rules and
   regulations of enterprise production has an important impact on the safety
   of employees ' behavior . in summary , the premise of safety is to ensure
   the safety of the organization . enterprises should improve the relevant
   production rules and regulations . springer international publishing ag ,
   part of springer nature 2019 .
DE analysis of system dynamics; enterprise safety management; multi-level
   model; sd model; structural equation model; unsafe behavior
ID computer software; human engineering; surveys; multi-level model; safety
   management; sd models; structural equation modeling; system dynamics; unsafe
   behaviors; structural analysis

---

UT 757
AR Nyabadza F, 2017, COMP MATH METHODS MED, V2017, DOI 10.1155/2017/4074197
TI A Systems Dynamic Model for Drug Abuse and Drug-Related Crime in the Western
   Cape Province of South Africa
AU Nyabadza F; Coetzee L
TC 19
SO COMP MATH METHODS MED
PY 2017
AB the complex problem of drug abuse and drug_related crimes in communities in
   the western cape province can not be studied in isolation but through the
   system they are embedded in . in this paper , a theoretical model to
   evaluate the syndemic of substance abuse and drug_related crimes within the
   western cape province of south africa is constructed and explored . the
   dynamics of drug abuse and drug_related crimes within the western cape are
   simulated using stella software . the simulation results are consistent with
   the data from sacendu and crimestats sa , highlighting the usefulness of
   such a model in designing and planning interventions to combat substance
   abuse and its related problems . 2017 farai nyabadza and lezanie coetzee .
ID computer simulation; crime; humans; models theoretical; south africa;
   substance-related disorders; complex problems; drug abuse; south africa;
   stella software; substance abuse; systems dynamics; theoretical modeling;
   article; crime; drug abuse; dynamics; human; law enforcement; methodology;
   model; parameters; patient referral; rehabilitation center; relapse;
   simulation; software; south africa; computer simulation; crime; drug
   dependence; statistics and numerical data; theoretical model; crime

---

UT 758
AR Feng XJ, 2014, APPL MECH MATER, V641-642, P715, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.641-642.715
TI Sensitivity analysis on key factors of sea-rail intermodal transport system
   of dry bulk
AU Feng XJ; Fan XJ; Zhang Y; Jiang LP
TC 3
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2014
AB with the growing demand of dry bulk in china , sea_rail intermodal transport
   gets more attention . in order to define the key factors of sea_rail
   intermodal transport of dry bulk , system dynamic and modeling software
   vensim were used to establish system dynamic model of sea_rail intermodal
   transport of dry bulk , and the case of sea_rail intermodal transport of dry
   bulk of meizhou bay port in fujian was used to simulate and check the model
   , the result shows that the model is feasible and effective . finally , the
   key factors in the model were sensitively analyzed , and suggestions of
   promoting the development of sea_rail intermodal transport in meizhou bay
   port were made . ( 2014 ) trans tech publications , switzerland .
DE key factors; sea-rail intermodal transport; sensitivity analysis; system
   dynamic
ID factor analysis; hydraulic structures; hydraulics; intermodal
   transportation; shore protection; urban growth; growing demand; key factors;
   modeling softwares; sea-rail intermodal transports; system dynamic models;
   system dynamics; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 759
AR Chen YH, 2015, ADV ENERG SCI EQUIP ENG - PROC INT CONF ENERG EQUIP SCI ENG,
   V3, P2407
TI Economic benefit analysis of energy saving technologies of gasoline engine
   based on system dynamics
AU Chen YH; Yang YP; Yin RS; Liu YJ; Li Z/5; Xie LM
TC 0
SO ADV ENERG SCI EQUIP ENG - PROC INT CONF ENERG EQUIP SCI ENG
PY 2015
AB in order to evaluate the economic benefit of the different energy_saving
   technologies of gasoline engine such as gasoline direct injection ( gdi ) ,
   dual variable valve timing ( dvvt ) , variable intake system ( vis ) , etc .
   , a system dynamic model was established with the software vensim . in the
   model , the add_on costs of these technologies , the energy_saving rate ,
   fuel price , fuel consumption per hundred kilometers and the accumulative
   mileage were selected as the main variables . then a simulation from 2015 to
   2024 was conducted , by which those technologies ' economic benefit was
   analyzed and some conclusions were obtained . 2015 taylor and francis group
   , london .
ID direct injection; energy conservation; engines; equipment; gasoline;
   economic benefit analysis; economic benefits; energy-saving rates; energy-
   saving technologies; gasoline direct injection; gasoline engines; system
   dynamic models; variable valve timing; economic and social effects

---

UT 760
AR Du C-Y, 2014, SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO, V36, P449, DOI
   10.13255/j.cnki.jusst.2014.05.008
TI Simulation and analysis on intersection capacity based on system dynamics
AU Du C-Y; Zhou X-Z; Zhi L-P
TC 1
SO SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2014
AB intersection as a hub for vehicles to collect , stee and evacuae , is a
   complex dynamic system , and many factors affect its capacity . system
   dynamics method was selected to visualize the trends when system parameters
   changing on the intersection . the causal loop diagrams , system flow
   diagrams and calculation model of intersection capacity were built based on
   the analysis of the relationship between the intersection factors . the
   simulation result by sung the software of vensim shows that the width of the
   sections , the intersection ' s degree of order and driving speed are the
   main influencing factors on intersection capacity . the intersection
   capacity can be enhanced from the above three aspects . among them , the
   control of intersection speed can be a new way for improvement . , 2014 ,
   shanghai institute of mechanical engineering . all right reserved .
DE capacity; intersection; model; system dynamics

---

UT 761
AR Zare Mehrjerdi Y, 2017, ELECTRON LIBR, V35, P374, DOI
   10.1108/EL-02-2015-0022
TI Library performance evaluation in a dynamic environment using patron
   satisfaction
AU Zare Mehrjerdi Y
TC 5
SO ELECTRON LIBR
PY 2017
AB purpose : the purpose of this paper is to propose a new model for studying
   the patron ' s satisfaction level over time for library systems . for this
   purpose , it is necessary to identify the key factors that are influential
   in nature . thereafter , this paper explains and shows the procedure used
   for developing the causal loop diagram , the flow diagram , mathematical
   modeling and the simulation of the problem . a sample problem is used to
   show the applicability of the proposed model . because the proposed
   methodology allows management to look into the patrons ' satisfaction level
   over time , it makes a significant contribution to the literature of the
   library and information management , as well as dynamic simulation modeling
   . design / methodology / approach : this paper is written based on the
   studies and observations from scientific journals and reports . for model
   development purposes , the author has used the concept of systems thinking
   and systems dynamics to model the complex systems and simulate that using
   vensim computer simulation software . findings : as the trend of patron ' s
   satisfaction shows , it is possible to improve the satisfaction level over
   time to a level above 60 per cent from 48 per cent over the simulation
   running periods . meanwhile , the level of donation is up from 10 to 40 per
   cent in the same period as the satisfaction level has been studied . because
   this is the first paper that looks into such important variables over time
   using systems dynamics , it makes significant contribution to the field of
   library and information management . originality / value : in almost all
   library models for patron ' s satisfaction calculation , the proposed models
   are static and can find this value for a point of time rather than over a
   long period of time . in this paper , a system with an initial value of
   patron ' s satisfaction level was used , and by taking all key factors into
   consideration , the author has developed a system that calculates patron ' s
   satisfaction trend over time . also , the proposed dynamic model is able to
   determine the level of donations that patrons can make to the library over
   time . emerald publishing limited .
DE customer satisfaction; library performance; systems dynamics
ID calculation; computer simulation; information system; running; satisfaction;
   software; statistical model; thinking

---

UT 762
AR Abbaspour H, 2020, INT J SCI TECHNOL RES, V9, P5648
TI Introducing system dynamics and analytical hierarchy process based software
   for selecting the best transportation system in mines
AU Abbaspour H; Drebenstedt C
TC 1
SO INT J SCI TECHNOL RES
PY 2020
AB selecting the proper transportation system in mines is one of the extremely
   challenging issues , which the mine managers and designers are confronting
   with . this situation can be more complex when the number of factors
   involving in the selection process increases , which consequently demands a
   more complicated design and analysis to fulfill all those aspects . although
   there are various research to address this demand , there is no study that
   considers simultaneously all the technical , economic , environmental ,
   safety and social point of views . additionally , the lack of software that
   makes it easy for users to dealing with the process of making a decision is
   deeply felt . accordingly , in this research , tecesas indexes software ,
   which is developed and designed in venapp of vensim software that is based
   on the system dynamics modeling as well as sustainability index software ,
   which is coded in java programming language and is based on the analytical
   hierarchy process and working by the outputs of tecesas indexes software ,
   are introduced . the results show that the truck_shovel system should be
   used in the first four years of the project by a deterministic and group
   decision_making approach . however , in the stochastic modeling , the fully
   mobile in_pit crushing and conveying ( fmipcc ) system should be utilized
   along with the mine ' s life . 2020 ijstr .
DE analytical hierarchy process; mine; multiple criteria analysis; stochastics;
   system dynamics

---

UT 763
AR Azad SM, 2020, KYBERNETES, V49, P332, DOI 10.1108/K-09-2018-0480
TI Modelling techno-sectoral innovation system: A new hybrid approach for
   innovation motors policymaking
AU Azad SM; Khodabakhsh P; Roshannafas F; Ghodsypour SH
TC 4
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2020
AB purpose : this study aims to scrutiny the performance of the petrochemical
   sector and the technological innovation life cycle . also , the stage of the
   innovation life cycle for the sector is specified . then , scenarios are
   designed to improve the speed of the sector development . for this reason ,
   for synchronizing the petrochemical sector , this study tries to combine two
   innovation systems ( technological and sectoral systems ) called ' '
   techno_sectoral innovation system ' ' under an integrated model .
   furthermore , the ' ' functions and driving motors ' ' are expanded in the
   proposed model . design / methodology / approach : by combining two concepts
   of the innovation systems , the complexity of the system rises to some
   extent . also , to model causal relationships in the sector and non_linear
   connections between variables , system dynamics approach is applied . during
   this phase , the flow diagram of the model is translated to a simulation
   program using vensim software . model validation is investigated using a
   comparison of the actual with simulated values . findings : the results
   predict the functions state of the innovation system and detect activation
   of innovation motors in each stage of the innovation life cycle . validation
   shows the acceptable error of the indices . it can be concluded that the
   sector is relatively in the development state . four scenarios have been
   proposed for representing policies that sector uses to motivate its
   companies . the best scenario is the fourth one that divides resources with
   different weightings among companies to accelerate switching time between
   sector ' s motors . finally , the fourth scenario can improve the
   performance of the petrochemical . originality / value : the hybrid approach
   shows researchers that performance of an industry can be improved based on
   sectoral and technological at the same time . thus , this case_based model
   can contribute to other researchers , as a base model . also , it could be
   customized with parameters and the relationship between players and
   functions . furthermore , a dynamic switch among the motors has been
   presented in the model . 2019 , emerald publishing limited .
DE innovation functions; innovation motors; petrochemical sector; policymaking;
   policymaking; system dynamics; tsis
ID computer software; petrochemicals; system theory; causal relationships;
   design/methodology/approach; petrochemical sector; policy making; system
   dynamics; system dynamics approach; technological innovation; tsis; life
   cycle

---

UT 764
AR Rong H, 2019, ICTE - PROC INT CONF TRANSP ENG, P366, DOI
   10.1061/9780784482742.042
TI Railway freight dynamic pricing method based on system dynamics
AU Rong H; Mou R
TC 0
SO ICTE - PROC INT CONF TRANSP ENG
PY 2019
AB in order to make railway freight transport enterprises better adapt to
   freight rate reform and improve their competitiveness in the transportation
   market , it is necessary to establish a dynamic pricing method reasonably .
   this paper first analyzes the internal and external factors affecting the
   freight rate of railway freight and the advantages , disadvantages , and
   applicability of the existing pricing theory methods . then , because of the
   complex nonlinear feedback characteristics of the railway freight pricing
   system , system dynamics method is used to analyze and quantify the internal
   and external factors affecting the freight rate of railway freight and
   establish the system dynamics model between freight rate and those related
   factors . finally , the simulation is carried out by using vensim ple
   software , and the changes of the railway freight rate with the related
   factors is calculated by the example . it verifies the validity of the model
   and its controllability and flexibility . 2020 american society of civil
   engineers .
DE freight rate; influencing factors; railway freight; system dynamics model
ID competition; computer software; costs; nonlinear feedback; railroads; system
   theory; dynamic pricing; freight rates; influencing factors; internal and
   external factors; railway freight; railway freight transports; system
   dynamics model; transportation markets; freight transportation

---

UT 765
AR Hu L, 2018, LECT NOTE MULTIDISCIP IND ENG, VPart F43, P438, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-59280-0_35
TI Pan-Tourism Urbanization Model Based on System Dynamics: A Case Study of
   Barkam
AU Hu L; Gan L; Yang Q/2
TC 2
SO LECT NOTE MULTIDISCIP IND ENG
PY 2018
AB with the rapid development of urbanization , tourism_driven urbanization
   process has become an important development strategy in china . there are
   many examples of the tourism urbanization , however , the integration with
   industries is scarce . in order to describe the characterization of the
   industrial clusters system , this paper uses spss [ 8 ] to analyze the data
   . and it also uses dynamo simulation language and vensim [ 2 ] to establish
   the pan_tourism urbanization model based on the theory of industrial cluster
   and system dynamics . simultaneously , taking barkam city in the
   northwestern tibetan area of sichuan as an example , this paper analyzes the
   operation mechanism of pan_tourism urbanization mode to find the optimal
   system structure , which can provide corresponding scientific basis and
   theoretical support for promoting the development of urban and rural areas ,
   improving the level of new urbanization and building new towns . 2018 ,
   springer international publishing ag .
DE industrial cluster; pan-tourism; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 766
AR Orjuela-Castro JA, 2016, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V657, P165, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-50880-1_15
TI Effects of using multimodal transport over the logistics performance of the
   food chain of uchuva
AU Orjuela-Castro JA; Sepulveda-Garcia DA; Ospina-Contreras ID
TC 13
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2016
AB one of the most exported fruit from colombia to europe has been uchuva ,
   given its exotic character , taste and nutritional content [ 1 ] . due to
   the importance of this product for colombian exports of fruits and the
   latest trends in transport , this research studies the impact of using
   multimodal transport over the logistics performance food supply of uchuva
   using the system dynamics approach . the model was built in ithink , and it
   provides a configuration of the colombian fruit supply chain , considering
   aspects such perishability of the fruit , logistics and environment . the
   indicators studied are : transportation costs , total time of transport ,
   losses of food due transport and inventory , and co2 emissions caused by the
   transport mode . springer international publishing ag 2016 .
DE dynamic system model; fruit perishable food supply chain; multimodal
   transport; uchuva
ID carbon dioxide; food supply; supply chains; transportation; colombians;
   dynamic system modeling; multimodal transport; research studies; system
   dynamics approach; transport modes; transportation cost; uchuva; fruits

---

UT 767
AR Wong JJ, 2014, J MANIP PHYSIOL THER, V37, P7, DOI 10.1016/j.jmpt.2013.07.009
TI Examination of the relationship between theory-driven policies and allowed
   lost-time back claims in workers' compensation: A system dynamics model
AU Wong JJ; McGregor M; Mior SA; Loisel P
TC 6
SO J MANIP PHYSIOL THER
PY 2014
AB objective the purpose of this study was to develop a model that evaluates
   the impact of policy changes on the number of workers ' compensation
   lost_time back claims in ontario , canada , over a 30_year timeframe . the
   model was used to test the hypothesis that a theory_and policy_driven model
   would be sufficient in reproducing historical claims data in a robust manner
   and that policy changes would have a major impact on modeled data . methods
   the model was developed using system dynamics methods in the vensim
   simulation program . the theoretical effects of policies for compensation
   benefit levels and experience rating fees were modeled . the model was built
   and validated using historical claims data from 1980 to 2009 . sensitivity
   analysis was used to evaluate the modeled data at extreme end points of
   variable input and timeframes . the degree of predictive value of the
   modeled data was measured by the coefficient of determination , root mean
   square error , and theil ' s inequality coefficients . results correlation
   between modeled data and actual data was found to be meaningful ( r2 = 0.934
   ) , and the modeled data were stable at extreme end points . among the
   effects explored , policy changes were found to be relatively minor drivers
   of back claims data , accounting for a 13 % improvement in error .
   simulation results suggested that unemployment , number of no_lost_time
   claims , number of injuries per worker , and recovery rate from back
   injuries outside of claims management to be sensitive drivers of back claims
   data . conclusion a robust systems_based model was developed and tested for
   use in future policy research in ontario ' s workers ' compensation . the
   study findings suggest that certain areas within and outside the workers '
   compensation system need to be considered when evaluating and changing
   policies around back claims . 2014 national university of health sciences .
DE back pain; economics; key indexing terms; nonlinear models; policy; workers
   compensation
ID humans; models theoretical; policy; time factors; workers compensation; back
   pain; economics; nonlinear models; policy; workers compensation; accident;
   billing and claims; canada; conference paper; documentation; driver;
   employer; employment; health care policy; human; injury; mathematical model;
   medical fee; occupational disease; population growth; simulation;
   unemployment; worker; workman compensation; workplace

---

UT 768
AR Shahbazi A, 2012, RES CROP, V13, P319
TI Developing a simulation model for multipurpose reservoir using system
   dynamic approach
AU Shahbazi A; Radmanesh F; Akhoond- Ali AM; Sadi T
TC 0
SO RES CROP
PY 2012
AB simulation is one of the most useful methods in water resources system
   analyzes . there is still a strong need to explore simulation techniques
   that not only represent complex dynamic systems in a realistic way but also
   allow the involvement of end users in model development to increase their
   confidence in the modeling process . one of these techniques is system
   dynamics . system dynamic models have four structural units including levels
   , flows , connectors and converters . these four units are applied to
   simulate a variety of simple to very complex systems . in this article ,
   system dynamic approach and vensim software have been used to simulate a
   multipurpose reservoir operation . developed models have been used to
   evaluate the agricultural demands allocation , hydropower generation and
   reliability at abolfares dam . optimization and sensitivity analyzes were
   used on dam operational properties . also different dam operations and
   inflow scenarios were used to evaluate water resource system feedback .
   results showed that reservoir could meet the environmental and agricultural
   demands of existing farms in 100 and 99 % of simulation period accordingly .
   also results indicated that regulated water by the reservoir could extend
   existing land upto 1300 ha by shortage of water in only 2 % of whole
   simulation period . simulation of energy generation as second purpose of dam
   showed that hydro power plant could generate monthly average of 140 mwh peak
   energy and 430 mwh non_peak energy .
DE multipurpose reservoir; sensitivity analyzes; simulation; system dynamic;
   vensim

---

UT 769
AR Ma K, 2014, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V26, P2592
TI Modeling and simulation of product diffusion based on learning effect
AU Ma K; Yu Z; Li J/10; Zhang D/2
TC 0
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2014
AB bass model is one of the most representative works in the area of product
   diffusion . it has some limitations due to its strong assumptions . the
   application of bass model was expanded to fit for some competitive products
   , and an analytical expression for the profits of competitive products was
   obtained . in this model , the learning effect of variable cost was taken
   into account , and its influence to product profit was analyzed . the
   mathematical models representing the process of product diffusion were
   transformed into system dynamics models . therefore the dynamic performance
   during the products diffusion process was analyzed . using vensim software
   to simulate the models , the correctness of them was testified qualitatively
   . the sensitivity analysis was performed to see how the typical parameters
   would affect the variables in the model . after analyzing the variables and
   simulating the models , the mutual relationships between the factors
   affecting product diffusion were displayed . the system properties were
   explored , which provides a foundation to make policies of product
   development and diffusion . , 2014 , acta simulata systematica sinica . all
   right reserved .
DE learning effect; modeling; product diffusion; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 770
AR Singh S, 2020, LECT NOTES CIV ENG, V69, P379, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-15-3742-4_24
TI System Dynamics Simulation Modeling of Transportation Engineering, Energy,
   and Economy Interaction for Sustainability
AU Singh S; Uma Devi G
TC 3
SO LECT NOTES CIV ENG
PY 2020
AB india ' s crude oil import is growing phonemically and is likely to grow
   more , thereby posing a major threat to the economy of the country . a
   robust policy direction is a need of the hour . since there is a lack of
   study in analyzing the inter_relationship among the sectors of
   transportation , energy , and economy , this research work is aimed at
   performing an in_depth study of these sectors by considering the parameters
   such as vehicular population , model split , fuel consumption , and fuel
   costs . system dynamic ( sd ) simulation models are built using the stella
   software , and these parameters are forecasted for the future years until
   2026 . in this research work , when the existing trend of growth rate for
   these sectors was assumed to continue over a horizon year ( 2026 ) , it was
   found that a large part of the economy is being spent for meeting the energy
   demands . so sd simulation models are built in which a scenario of
   increasing the growth rate of public transportation and at the same time
   curbing the growth rate of personalized transportation with a modal split
   value between the both as 70:30 showed a considerable decrease of 29.49 % in
   fuel consumption and 58.04 % in fuel cost . this modal split under the
   desirable scenario has resulted in a savings of 14,629 crore rupees for the
   horizon year in the road transport sector for chennai city , india . finally
   , this study recommends that in order to achieve sustainability in the city
   , the model split between public and personalized modes of transportation
   has to be paid crucial attention . 2020 , springer nature singapore pte ltd
   .
DE economy; energy; sustainability; transportation engineering
ID computer software; engineering research; fuels; highway engineering;
   sustainable development; crude oil import; inter-relationships; public
   transportation; road transport sectors; stella software; system dynamics;
   system dynamics simulation; transportation engineering; fuel economy

---

UT 771
AR Şenaras AE, 2019, CORP GOV MODEL APPL DEV ECON, P256, DOI
   10.4018/978-1-5225-9607-3.ch013
TI System dynamics modelling for policy design: A Case Study in Turkey
AU Şenaras AE; Sezen HK
TC 0
SO CORP GOV MODEL APPL DEV ECON
PY 2019
AB the system dynamics model was developed in the vensim software . the model
   was developed based on the yamaguchi study . the construct and behavioral
   validity of the model were addressed . construct validity means that the
   correlations that construct the model , that is , the ' ' rationale ' ' of
   the model , are consistent with the correlations in the real system . there
   were five sub_models in the model . these were manufacturers and consumers
   sub_model , banks sub_model , central bank submodel , balance of payments
   sub_model , exchange rate market sub_model . five sub models included in the
   model developed with the vensim software are included in the appendices .
   2020 , igi global . all rights reserved .

---

UT 772
AR Khorshidi HA, 2015, SAF RELIAB COMPLEX ENG SYST - PROC EUR SAF RELIAB CONF,
   P925, DOI 10.1201/b19094-124
TI System dynamics modeling for multi-state systems
AU Khorshidi HA; Gunawan I; Ibrahim MY
TC 3
SO SAF RELIAB COMPLEX ENG SYST - PROC EUR SAF RELIAB CONF
PY 2015
AB in this paper , the dynamic behavior of the system reliability is modeled by
   system dynamics approach . since the reliability levels of the components
   and systems changes during functioning periods , this variability should be
   considered in reliability assessment . system dynamics has been used to
   simulate the dynamic interactions of the phenomena in different areas such
   as economics , environment , social , humanity , management , and
   engineering . in system dynamics , causal loop diagrams ( clds ) and stock
   and flow structures are employed to both represent the elements and model
   their interactions in order to predict the future status of the system . due
   to the capability of the system dynamics in capturing the dynamic behavior
   of complex systems , it is used for a dynamic assessment of system
   reliability . the components in this system are multi_state so that they
   have more performance levels than failure and working states . a case of a
   multi_state weighted k_out_of_n system is simulated in this study . software
   ithink is used to develop the dynamic model for the case study . the results
   of the system dynamics approach are compared with the outputs of the dynamic
   availability assessment by mathematical modeling . in addition , the
   associated cost of maintenance activities is added in the model . therefore
   , different scenarios can be evaluated in terms of cost and reliability with
   the intention of finding optimal decisions . finally , a sensitivity
   analysis has been conducted under various conditions in the simulation model
   . 2015 taylor and francis group , london .
ID safety engineering; sensitivity analysis; system theory; availability
   assessment; causal loop diagrams; dynamic interaction; reliability
   assessments; system dynamics approach; system dynamics model; system
   reliability; weighted k-out-of-n system; reliability

---

UT 773
AR Neuwirth C/1, 2013, PROC - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL MODSIM, P628
TI A conceptual spatial system dynamics (SSD) model for structural changes in
   grassland farming
AU Neuwirth C/1; Peck A
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL MODSIM
PY 2013
AB typically , discrete_time agent_based models and cellular automata
   approaches have been used to model farm structural changes . however , the
   proposed methodology uniquely considers a cross_disciplinary , continuous
   system dynamics ( sd ) simulation approach to capture temporal dynamics of
   grasslands farming structure . the sd approach is particularly well suited
   for participatory modeling and involving stakeholders in the model
   development and simulation processes . in order to capture both spatial and
   temporal dimensions , this paper proposes a spatial system dynamics ( ssd )
   approach . this approach is based on the strengths of system dynamics theory
   and geographical spatial modeling tools . the ssd approach links system
   dynamics ( temporal simulation ) and gis ( spatial analysis and
   visualization ) software . for the purpose of this research , farm
   structural change is defined by the dynamics of farm size and farming
   intensity . these characteristics are considered in a conceptual ssd
   environment referred to as the two_farm structural dynamics ( 2fasd ) model
   . currently the 2fasd is a conceptual model , whereby physical farm size is
   considered part of a finite resources competition model . when farms change
   structure ( physical expansion or reduction in farm size . intensification
   or deintensification of resources ) they compete over grassland resources .
   the competition is driven by farmer preferences , managerial decisions ,
   environmental conditions and economic situation . the 2fasd model uses the
   ssd approach , which for this specific application requires a coupling
   technique to embed vensim in arcgis . the anticipated model output includes
   a time_series of maps which graphically represent the changes of ownership
   structures in a two_farm system . this output is intended to provide
   decision support for agricultural planning and management strategies . the
   2fasd model is in the early development stage and the next major step is
   converting the model from causal loop form to an executable stock and flow
   simulation model . as the model is in its infancy stage , the 2fasd model
   only models competition between two farms for the following reasons : ease
   of implementation , simplicity in concept demonstration and in anticipation
   of reduced simulation times . we foresee that the current 2fasd model and
   methodology may be extended to consider additional farms in the grasslands
   competition model in the future . the current 2fasd model structure has been
   developed based on assumptions specific to the grassland farming industry in
   austria , however with minor modifications to the sd system structure , it
   is possible that the model could be adapted to simulate grassland farm
   structural changes in other areas of the world . international congress on
   modeling and simulation , modsim 2013.all right reserved .
DE farm structure; gis; grassland farming; spatial and temporal modeling;
   system dynamics
ID agriculture; autonomous agents; computational methods; decision support
   systems; economic and social effects; geographic information systems; graph
   structures; operations research; structural dynamics; environmental
   conditions; grassland farming; management strategies; participatory
   modeling; spatial and temporal modeling; spatial modeling tools; spatial
   system dynamics; system dynamics; system theory

---

UT 774
AR Wu X-J, 2011, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V144 CCIS, P167, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-20370-1_28
TI The system dynamics analysis on the evolvement of mechanism of convention
   and exhibition industry
AU Wu X-J; Sun M-J
TC 2
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2011
AB the purpose of this paper is to defines the factors and the way which
   influence the evolvement of convention and exhibition industry cluster (
   ceic for short ) . from the perspective of system dynamics , the author
   designed the system flow chart and sd model to show how the different
   factors exert positive / negative influencing on the ceic . the author used
   vensim to stimulate the sd model and to verify its validity and application
   value . the research shows the evolvement of ceic is the result of combined
   strength which comes from both the external and the internal system , the
   supply factors of the internal system and the market demand from the
   external system are key strengths for the evolvement of ceic system . the
   model had a high fitting precision and a good predicting ability . the
   research can be used practically and theoretically for the development of
   convention and exhibition industry ( c and e industry for short ) . 2011
   springer_verlag berlin heidelberg .
DE convention and exhibition industry cluster; evolvement mechanism; industry
   cluster; system dynamics
ID decision theory; dynamics; electronic commerce; exhibitions; research;
   system theory; world wide web; convention and exhibition industry cluster;
   evolvement mechanism; external systems; fitting precision; internal systems;
   market demand; system dynamics; system flow; industry

---

UT 775
AR Che C, 2017, UNCERTAIN OPER RES, P651, DOI 10.1007/978-981-10-2920-2_56
TI Research on the Development Strategy of Cultural Enterprises Based on the
   Negative WOM
AU Che C; Luo W
TC 0
SO UNCERTAIN OPER RES
PY 2017
AB wom with its great influence and advantages has been considered as an
   important means of modern marketing to open up the market . however ,
   studies have shown that negative wom has obvious side effect on the
   enterprise marketing performance , with the rapid development in the context
   of e_commerce . this negative impact will further expand . this paper is
   aimed at the development of qingdao cultural enterprises , combined with the
   sir model , the system dynamics analysis as a tool for the study of negative
   wom communication process , and system simulation by using vensim ple , to
   explore the negative wom propagation and influence factors . the results
   show that the minimizing potential consumers initial value , reducing the
   contact rate and improving the service recovery rate can be effective to
   dissipate negative word_of_mouth . and then put forward the corresponding
   marketing strategy for the development of qingdao cultural enterprises .
   2017 , springer science+business media singapore .
DE cultural enterprise; micro-blog; negative wom; sir; system dynamics

---

UT 776
AR Dale M, 2012, ECOL ECON, V73, P152, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2011.10.014
TI Global energy modelling - A biophysical approach (GEMBA) Part 1: An overview
   of: Biophysical economics
AU Dale M; Krumdieck S; Bodger P
TC 32
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2012
AB economists , investors and policymakers need to understand energy systems
   and the potential for investment in both alternative energy supply and
   demand side technologies . biophysical economics has contributed to
   conventional economics by incorporating thermodynamic and ecological
   principles and emphasizing the importance of natural resources to economic
   processes . this paper is presented in two parts . part 1 gives a historic
   review of biophysical economics and discusses some previous models of the
   energy_economy system built around the principles of biophysical economics .
   part 2 presents the gemba model_a new modeling methodology in the
   biophysical economics tradition . themethodology proposes a newand important
   contribution to the field of biophysical economics . a lifetime evolving
   function for the dynamics of the energy return on investment ( eroi ) . the
   dynamic eroi function was incorporated into the gemba model and implemented
   in vensim . the model is calibrated using historical energy production data
   , i . e . trained to historical data . the trained model is run to 2100
   under a variety of assumptions regarding availability of energy resources
   and corresponding eroi ' s . the main finding of the model is that growth of
   the renewable energy sector may impact investment in other areas of the
   economy and thereby stymie economic growth . 2011 elsevier b . v .
DE net energy analysis ( nea ); physical resource modeling; resource quality
   embodied energy; systems dynamics ( sd )
ID alternative energy; biophysics; calibration; demand-side management;
   ecological approach; economic analysis; economic growth; energy market;
   global perspective; historical record; industrial development; investment;
   numerical model; power generation; resource assessment; systems analysis;
   thermodynamics

---

UT 777
AR Lung T-Y, 2014, APPL MECH MATER, V631-632, P1431, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.631-632.1431
TI Causal feedback model for the dynamic simulation of kindergarten operation
AU Lung T-Y
TC 0
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2014
AB this research uses ithink software of system dynamics as the research tool ,
   and establishes a causal feedback diagram of a kindergarten operation . the
   feasibility of this model was tested finally . when influence some factors
   of the profit to change fast , it can offer and change profits predict
   immediately . in this way , the operator find about method to improve
   management then avoid risks faced ahead of time . 2014 trans tech
   publications , switzerland .
DE causal feedback diagram; dynamic simulation; kindergarten operation
ID profitability; avoid risks; causal feedback diagram; feedback model;
   kindergarten operation; research tools; system dynamics; computer simulation

---

UT 778
AR Barabanova M, 2018, ECO ANN, V173, P32, DOI 10.21003/ea.V173-05
TI Use of system dynamics tools in value-oriented approach in management
AU Barabanova M; Lebedeva L; Rastova Y; Uvarov S
TC 7
SO ECO ANN
PY 2018
AB the article is based upon assumption that in search for best sustainability
   any organization is leaning toward the value_oriented approach in management
   . this approach is grounded in the stakeholder theory , and addresses needs
   and expectations of consumers and other stakeholders on a long_term basis .
   when contributing to the best practices , companies produce shared values ,
   able to act as a social power , to enter into the public consciousness , and
   to transform into behavioral norms . at the same time , these practices
   support best handling of resources and opportunities thus leading companies
   to success . the system dynamics model presents enterprises with potential
   strategies grounded in the target indicators , provides objective assessment
   of the target indicators sensitivity to changes at one or several parameters
   , sets and corrects their controllable limits , identifies specific causes
   of variation and , thus , insures necessary adjustments to the business
   management . today , the system dynamics modeling is supported with
   mathematical software : maple , mathcad , maxima , anylogic , vensim ,
   ithink ( computer experiments software ) . in our research , we support the
   idea to develop methodology and improve practices of value_oriented approach
   in organization management based upon key tools of process efficiency , i .
   e . the system dynamics model . to build a system model and to run
   simulation analysis , we used anylogic software system . in this research ,
   system dynamics model is tested against the case of supply chain management
   in the food industries , which include production facilities of high
   seasonal demand and products distribution network . to meet volatile demand
   , the company keeps certain stock of products in the chain of regional
   warehouses , and shipping the products as soon as new order is received .
   the market conditions and customer requirements are such that if the
   products can not be shipped to the customer on time , then they buy these
   products from other sources . the system works steadily and does not require
   adjustments . minor fluctuations in demand also do not break the system ' s
   balance . the system works steadily and does not require adjustments . minor
   fluctuations in demand also do not break the system ' s balance . simulation
   of seasonal demand increase ( 40 % seasonal upsurge ) proved the rate of new
   production shifts is almost twice higher than that of demand and two times
   smaller than the production cycle length . the experiment draws us to the
   following conclusions . the first response to increased demand is the shrink
   of stocks due to the delivery delays because of the duration of production
   cycle . a natural reaction of the company to such sharp reduction in stocks
   is striving for extreme intensification in reply to the demand upsurge .
   this causes a multiplicative effect . since the stocks are initially
   shrinking , the only way to meet such shortfall is to raise the production
   rate above the shipments rate . the production shall exceed the shipments
   rate by sufficiently in volume and time to replenish the stocks in full .
   the launching peak value should lag behind the moment when the demand
   increases . the output adjustment reaches maximum at the moment when the
   stocks reach its minimum . the stocks start to grow only when the output
   rate exceeds the shipments rate which is always with delay . the research
   concludes on how to assess the response of targeted strategic indicators to
   the changes in one or more parameters of the system dynamics model . our
   conclusions also help to determine controlled variation limits of the key
   performance indicators and causes of variation , and hint on how to
   implement rational adjustments as well . the application of system dynamics
   tools in performance forecasting to better address customers and other
   stakeholders ' expectations and needs would allow enterprises to introduce
   value_oriented approach in management on a long_term balanced basis and to
   strengthen their competitive advantages . institute of society
   transformation , 2018 .
DE enterprise; food industry; management; system; system dynamics; system
   dynamics tools; value-oriented approach

---

UT 779
AR Palanta I, 2018, INT J MANAG DECIS MAK, V17, P199, DOI
   10.1504/IJMDM.2018.092566
TI Facilitating decision making on construction and demolition waste management
   in Greece through dynamic system modelling
AU Palanta I; Aretoulis G; Palantas P
TC 6
SO INT J MANAG DECIS MAK
PY 2018
AB nowadays , construction and demolition processes produce a huge amount of
   waste . this study has recorded data on the current state of political ,
   institutional , technological , and applied practices , in greece . moreover
   , a system dynamics approach was implemented in order to develop a model ,
   to examine the relationship , between the three aspects of performance that
   underlie the waste management practices , namely : economic , environmental
   and social . the proposed model is then converted into a system dynamic
   model through the software vensim ple . the model was implemented using
   official eurostat data regarding the produced waste from the construction
   industry , in greece , for the study period 2013_2020. the model predicts
   that an increase in the cost of landfill use will have negative impact on
   their management performance . a change in the effectiveness of compliance
   with waste management regulations provides an increase in their management
   performance , only if all the stakeholders are really committed . finally ,
   it could be proposed that further standardization of deposition and
   processing fees and a combined bonus and penalty system could play an
   important role in the direction of effective waste management . copyright
   2018 inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE cdw; construction; decision making; demolition waste; environmental
   economic; greece; social impact assessment; system dynamics modeling; waste
   management

---

UT 780
AR Saputra IW, 2020, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, V0, P2328
TI System dynamics simulation based on SCOR performance at table tennis table
   manufacturer in Indonesia
AU Saputra IW; Yuniaristanto ZZZ; Hisjam M; Zakaria R
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2020
AB the growth in the industrial sector will make it easier for companies to
   offer their products and develop their markets more broadly , one of them
   are the sports industry . every company is required to continue to make
   improvements in all aspects so they will not be left behind . this research
   is expected to be an input to maintain the supply chain management of the
   company at the world level . the results of supply chain performance
   measurements using the scor 11.0 performance attribute are then performed
   using system dynamics simulations which built using powersim software .
   results shown that their lowest score are the cost attribute , so it must be
   their main focus on improvement . this simulation results are expected to be
   a basis for improvements on the supply chain management especially at table
   tennis table manufacturer in indonesia . ieom society international .
DE performance measurement; scor; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 781
AR Liao Z, 2010, PROC - INT CONF OPTOELECTRON IMAGE PROCESS ICOIP, V2, P605,
   DOI 10.1109/ICOIP.2010.103
TI The research of Guangxi's logistics based on the system dynamics
AU Liao Z; Chen M; Chen Z/3
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF OPTOELECTRON IMAGE PROCESS ICOIP
PY 2010
AB according to the principle of system dynamics theory , a logistics system
   dynamics model is established to show the relationship between regional
   economy and regional logistics in guangxi . a simulation software vensim ple
   is used to obtain a conclusion that there are a large gap between the big
   logistics demand and the poor logistics supply in guangxi . and this gap
   becomes a constraints to guangxi ' s economics . 2010 ieee .
DE regional economic; regional logistics; system dynamics
ID computer software; economics; image processing; optoelectronic devices;
   regional planning; system theory; logistics demand; logistics supply;
   logistics system; regional economic; regional economy; regional logistics;
   simulation software; system dynamics; logistics

---

UT 782
AR Chidumayo NN, 2018, PLOS, V13, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0205884
TI System dynamics modelling approach to explore the effect of dog demography
   on rabies vaccination coverage in Africa
AU Chidumayo NN
TC 17
SO PLOS
PY 2018
AB background : dogs are important reservoirs of rabies , a zoonotic viral
   encephalitis that kills thousands of people in asia and africa annually .
   mass dog vaccination is recommended for the prevention of rabies in both
   humans and dogs . mass vaccinations should be conducted annually but more
   frequent campaigns may be required in areas with high dog turnover rates .
   consequently , a good understanding of dog demography is essential for the
   control of the disease . the aim of this study was to explore the effect of
   dog demography on rabies vaccination coverage following a mass vaccination
   campaign with at least 70 % vaccination coverage . methodology / principal
   findings : a dog population model was constructed to explore the effect of
   dog demography on rabies vaccination coverage decline . important model
   parameters were identified through a comprehensive literature search on dog
   demography in africa . a system dynamics approach was adopted to build a dog
   population model to simulate the effects of demographic processes on rabies
   vaccination coverage . vensim ple plus software was used to construct the
   model . multivariate sensitivity simulations using data from 22 studies and
   12 african countries were performed to investigate the effect of dog
   turnover rates on vaccination coverage decline . in addition , an adjusted
   vaccination coverage to estimate the proportion of vaccinated dogs with
   adequate immunity at 12 months post_vaccination was calculated . the results
   demonstrated that the vaccination coverage and adjusted vaccination coverage
   remained over 30 % and 20 % respectively at 12 months if annual mass
   vaccinations achieved at least 70 % coverage . conclusions / significance :
   the results demonstrated that annual mass vaccination campaigns with at
   least 70 % vaccination coverage would maintain a herd immunity of 20_45 %
   between campaigns . copyright : 2018 nozyechi ngulube chidumayo .
ID africa; animals; dog diseases; dogs; female; immunity herd; male; mass
   vaccination; multivariate analysis; rabies; rabies vaccines; software;
   systems theory; vaccination coverage; rabies vaccine; rabies vaccine; adult;
   africa; animal experiment; animal model; article; controlled study;
   demography; dog; female; infant; male; mass immunization; mathematical
   model; multivariate analysis; nonhuman; population; sensitivity simulation;
   simulation; software; system dynamics model; turnover rate; vaccination
   coverage; vaccination reaction; animal; dog; dog disease; herd immunity;
   mass immunization; rabies; systems theory; vaccination coverage; veterinary
   medicine

---

UT 783
AR George JP, 2019, INDONES J ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI, V18, P16, DOI
   10.11591/ijeecs.v18.i1.pp16-23
TI Simulation modeling for heart attack patient by mapping cholesterol level
AU George JP; Gaikwad SM
TC 4
SO INDONES J ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI
PY 2019
AB cholesterol is a complex structural material made up of four_fused
   hydrocarbon rings . there is a hydrocarbon tail linked at one end of the
   structure , while the hydroxyl group linked to each other on the other end .
   to one end of the structure , a hydrocarbon tail linked and to the other end
   , a hydroxyl group linked to each other . high cholesterol level is one
   among the major risk factors of a heart attack . it is feasible to compute
   and control the cholesterol level of a cardiovascular patient by making use
   of intended mathematical modeling in system dynamics ( s.d.  ) . moreover ,
   by simulating proposed set of equations for a heart attack patient ,
   recovery accomplished at a faster pace . because of s.d.  , a substantial
   amount of reduction in the patient ' s cardiovascular disease achieved by
   control over the sterol level of the heart patient . this simulation
   modeling is an attempt made in translational research domain and is useful
   in the healthcare industry health care industry . it will minimize the risk
   of heart stroke and maintain a healthy life . copyright 2020 institute of
   advanced engineering and science . all rights reserved .
DE heart disease; mathematical modeling; simulation; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 784
AR Zhang C/2, 2020, SAGE OPEN, V10, DOI 10.1177/2158244020970214
TI A New Method for Computing Letter of Credit Risks
AU Zhang C/2; Hu N/2
TC 2
SO SAGE OPEN
PY 2020
AB this study targets problems in the risk assessment and control processes of
   letter of credit settlements for chinese export enterprises . it applies the
   quantitative method of exploratory factor analysis to extract the main
   factors and uses a confirmatory factor analysis to test the validity these
   constructs . vensim software is used to design the system dynamics causal
   tree and flowchart of the letter of credit system . the equation sets of
   danamo parameters are then constructed using the software . finally ,
   through analysis of the system risk fluctuation diagram with system
   simulation , it offers enterprises advice on how to identify potential risk
   points to prevent and control letter of credit risks in advance . the author
   ( s ) 2020 .
DE factor analysis; letter of credit settlement risk; system dynamics
   simulation

---

UT 785
AR Abadi LSK, 2015, KSCE J CIV ENG, V19, P1941, DOI 10.1007/s12205-014-0570-7
TI An analysis of the sustainability of basin water resources using Vensim
   model
AU Abadi LSK; Shamsai A; Goharnejad H
TC 47
SO KSCE J CIV ENG
PY 2015
AB given the high dynamics of water resources management systems , system
   dynamics approach and vensim model has been used to model the water
   resources system in the study area . after verification of the model , the
   sustainability indicators were assessed under simulated scenarios and
   different policy packages . at the end , the policy packages related to each
   scenario were ranked based on analytical hierarchy process . according to
   the results , increased irrigation efficiency and reduced non_revenue water
   coefficient were the most important objectives in the short and medium terms
   . moreover , reducing net crop water demand was necessary . in long term ,
   reducing net crop water demand was the most important objective . also ,
   increased irrigation efficiency and reduced nonrevenue water coefficient had
   less importance especially in the scenarios of current economic and
   population growth rate . 2015 , korean society of civil engineers and
   springer_verlag berlin heidelberg .
DE analytical hierarchy process; scenarios and policy packages; sustainability
   indicators; system dynamics; vensim model
ID crops; environmental protection; irrigation; population statistics;
   sustainable development; system theory; water management; analytical
   hierarchy process; policy packages; population growth rates; sustainability
   indicators; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; water resources
   management; water resources systems; computer simulation

---

UT 786
AR Asif FM, 2012, J REMANUF, V2, DOI 10.1186/2210-4690-2-4
TI Performance analysis of the closed loop supply chain
AU Asif FM; Bianchi C; Rashid A; Nicolescu CM
TC 65
SO J REMANUF
PY 2012
AB purpose : the question of resource scarcity and emerging pressure of
   environmental legislations has brought a new challenge for the manufacturing
   industry . on the one hand , there is a huge population that demands a large
   quantity of commodities . on the other hand , these demands have to be met
   by minimum resources and pollution . resource conservative manufacturing (
   rescom ) is a proposed holistic concept to manage these challenges . the
   successful implementation of this concept requires cross functional
   collaboration among relevant fields , and among them , closed loop supply
   chain is an essential domain . the paper aims to highlight some
   misconceptions concerning the closed loop supply chain , to discuss
   different challenges , and in addition , to show how the proposed concept
   deals with those challenges through analysis of key performance indicators (
   kpi ) . methods : the work presented in this paper is mainly based on the
   literature review . the analysis of performance of the closed loop supply
   chain is done using system dynamics , and the stella software has been used
   to do the simulation . findings : the results of the simulation depict that
   in rescom . the performance of the closed loop supply chain is much enhanced
   in terms of supply , demand , and other uncertainties involved . the results
   may particularly be interesting for industries involved in remanufacturing ,
   researchers in the field of closed loop supply chain , and other relevant
   areas . originality : the paper presented a novel research concept called
   rescom which is supported by system dynamics models of the closed loop
   supply chain to demonstrate the behavior of kpi in the closed loop supply
   chain . 2012 , asif et al . . licensee springer .
DE closed-loop supply chain; key performance indicator; logistics; operations
   management; performance measurement; production management; remanufacturing;
   resource conservative manufacturing; supply chain management; system
   dynamics

---

UT 787
AR Hu N/1, 2017, NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V33, P130, DOI
   10.11975/j.issn.1002-6819.2017.12.017
TI Simulation and verification of water transformation of rice paddy and pond
   system based on system dynamics
AU Hu N/1; Shao D; Chen S/3; Le Z; Nong X
TC 5
SO NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2017
AB ponds are widely distributed in southern china . considering the regulatory
   role of pond , vensim software was used to build a system dynamic model to
   simulate water transformation in paddy and pond system , based on the system
   dynamic approach and water balance method . it was assumed that runoff from
   each land unit directly fed into drainage canal without flowing through
   other fields . the physical processes , such as irrigation ,
   evapotranspiration , deep percolation , inflow and outflow of pond , were
   calculated in the model . in addition , various scenarios could be set to
   research the variation of the system with control factors . the proposed
   model was applied to simulate water transformation during the growing period
   of rice in zhanghe irrigation district to examine its feasibility . the
   study area features a subtropical continental climate with an average annual
   precipitation of 947 mm , 85 % of which occurs between april and october .
   there are 145 ponds with the storage capacity of 155 283 cubic meters ,
   which are important for ensuring an adequate water supply for crops . in the
   simulation , all the ponds were integrated as a large pond . and water
   storage was obtained from the relation curve between water level and storage
   . the results showed a good agreement between the observed and simulated
   daily water level of pond : coefficient of determination of 0.90 ,
   coefficient of efficiency of 0.79 and root_mean_square error of 0.155 m /
   day . to estimate the significance of pond irrigation system for agriculture
   irrigation , 3 different pond operation modes were set and simulated : 1 )
   pond supply with total operation , 2 ) pond supply with partial operation ,
   and 3 ) pond closed irrigation system . the result showsed that pond
   operation could ensure full irrigation of rice , and water stress occurred
   for 72 days under partial operation , closing pond irrigation system was bad
   for the growth of rice . therefore , the pond irrigation system had a
   significant effect on ensuring the normal growth of crop . additionally ,
   water transformation was simulated under 3 different irrigation modes . from
   the results , in the early growth period , pond storage was consistent under
   3 irrigation modes . however , during the developmental stage , pond storage
   was the smallest under moist irrigation and produced surplus water under
   intermittent irrigation . pond storage decreased significantly under the
   shallow water irrigation in the late growth stage . from the perspective of
   pond inflow , shallow water irrigation was the best , followed by
   intermittent irrigation and moist irrigation . for the water supply ,
   shallow water irrigation was also the best , followed by moist irrigation
   and intermittent irrigation , and effective water use efficiencies were 84.7
   % , 80.9 % and 67.7 % , respectively . the proportions , calculated by the
   minimum pond storage dividing pond capacity , were 2.0 % , 18.9 % and 41.3 %
   for shallow water irrigation , wet irrigation and intermittent irrigation ,
   respectively . this shows that under intermittent irrigation mode , pond can
   maintain a certain amount of water for a long period of time , which
   provides a scope for aquaculture and drainage water treatment . this study
   provides valuable information for the rational use of water resources and
   irrigation management in paddy rice and pond system . 2017 , editorial
   department of the transactions of the chinese society of agricultural
   engineering . all right reserved .
DE pond irrigation system; simulation; system dynamics; systems sciences; water
   balance; water levels; water management
ID canals; crops; efficiency; information management; irrigation; lakes; mean
   square error; solvents; system theory; systems science; water levels; water
   management; water resources; water supply; water treatment; average annual
   precipitation; coefficient of determination; coefficient of efficiencies;
   intermittent irrigations; irrigation systems; simulation; system dynamics;
   water balance; produced water

---

UT 788
AR Sontamino P, 2015, LECT NOTES PROD ENG, VPart F1150, P493, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-12301-1_42
TI A Prototype Dynamics Model for Finding an Optimum Truck and Shovel of a New
   Surface Lignite Mining in Thailand
AU Sontamino P; Drebenstedt C
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES PROD ENG
PY 2015
AB at present , a surface lignite mining has been operating in the north of
   thailand , but there are other reserves of lignite in the south of thailand
   that not yet operating . all of lignite production in thailand used to
   produce electricity and the demand of electric is increasing every year . so
   , in the future , the lignite reserve in the south of thailand may need to
   operate in serving electricity demand of thailand . one of the main
   investment cost ( capital cost ) when the mining company wants to operate a
   mine is equipments cost , and the main equipment cost is the transportation
   system cost . while , in thailand , truck and shovel were used in the
   transportation system of the lignite mining because of the flexibility of
   the movement and selecting the zone of lignite and waste easily , especially
   in the geological condition of the steeply bed of ore . so , in the new
   mining operation , the question of the number of truck and shovel and which
   capacity needs to buy for achieving the target of production planning , can
   be found by using this prototype model . a prototype system dynamics model (
   sdm ) for finding an optimal truck and shovel of a new surface lignite
   mining in thailand is a prototype dynamic decision making tool by using the
   system dynamics theory and computer software modeling ( vensim dss software
   ) . the sdm was decided an optimum condition of the truck and shovel using
   an optimum cycle time theory and it is also a fast and flexible tool to
   change the mining production rate and other variables . thus , the optimum
   cost of buying trucks and shovels which shown the number and capacity of
   truck and shovel were found with this dynamic decision making tool . 2015 ,
   springer international publishing switzerland .
DE decision making tool; optimum shovel and truck selection; system dynamics
   model
ID computer software; costs; decision theory; mine trucks; mining; production
   control; software prototyping; system theory; decision making tool; dynamic
   decision making; dynamics models; equipment costs; lignite mining; optimum
   shovel and truck selection; system dynamics modeling; thailand;
   transportation system; truck selections; decision making

---

UT 789
AR Hong L, 2015, MET MIN IND, V7, P513
TI Modeling and simulation of the system dynamics of cloud computing federation
   knowledge sharing
AU Hong L; Gao C
TC 0
SO MET MIN IND
PY 2015
AB knowledge sharing is the core areas created by cloud computing alliance . it
   is the key of obtaining competitive advantage and the inexhaustible source
   of value creation . study on the causation and evolution of behave of cloud
   computing alliance knowledge sharing process is the key to improving the
   efficiency of knowledge sharing . according to the characteristics of cloud
   computing federation , we construct the corresponding system dynamics model
   by using the system dynamics theory . using the vensim ple software , the
   simulation system and the main parameters of sensitivity analysis is
   implemented to prove the cloud computing alliance knowledge sharing model is
   better fitting with the reality process . it can reflect the alliance
   knowledge sharing in the evolutionary process , which has certain guiding
   role for lifting cloud computing federation knowledge sharing efficiency .
   metallurgical and mining industry , 2015 .
DE cloud computing federation; knowledge sharing; simulation; system dynamics
ID cloud computing; competition; computation theory; computer software;
   information management; knowledge management; sensitivity analysis; system
   theory; cloud computing alliances; competitive advantage; evolutionary
   process; knowledge sharing; model and simulation; simulation; system
   dynamics; system dynamics model; distributed computer systems

---

UT 790
AR Guo W, 2014, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V279 LNEE, P843, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-41674-3_120
TI Modeling and simulation of china's competition strategy for highly educated
   talents based on system dynamic
AU Guo W; Dai F
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2014
AB as china is facing more and more fierce competitions for international
   highly educated talents resources . highly educated talents competition
   system model is established based on the system dynamics and the trend is
   simulated and analyzed in this paper . by analyzing the competition system ,
   elements in the system are divided into three categories . vensim showed
   different trend while some exogenous variables in the model were adjusted .
   the simulation results show that , the density of highly educated talents in
   china has an close relationship with human development index , governmental
   efficiency index , the enterprise registration cost , etc . chinese
   competitiveness in the international market of highly educated talents will
   be enhanced in the next 10 years with the development of highly educated
   talent density , and things will get better by increasing education
   investment , improving efficiency of government and perfecting social
   security system . 2014 springer_verlag berlin heidelberg .
DE competition strategy; highly educated talents; modeling and simulation;
   system dynamics
ID computer science; computer simulation; international trade; system theory;
   competition strategy; highly educated talents; human development index;
   improving efficiency; international markets; model and simulation; social
   security systems; system dynamics; competition

---

UT 791
AR Yu B, 2017, INT CONF SYST INF ICSAI, V2018-January, P773, DOI
   10.1109/ICSAI.2017.8248390
TI A branch model simulation for express logistics service system evaluation
   under online shopping
AU Yu B; Wu S/1
TC 1
SO INT CONF SYST INF ICSAI
PY 2017
AB under online shopping environment , express logistics service evaluation
   system was established based on logistics services theory and dynamics
   system theory through the analysis of the process of express logistics
   service . for this system and one main variable ' logistics services quality
   ' , their causal relationship was analyzed . then the system dynamics branch
   model of a subsidiary variable ' timely delivery rate ' from the main
   variable was established . and the model is proved correctly by the
   dimensionless testing , the sensitivity testing and the extreme conditions
   testing . on this basis , the data of the four courier companies including
   shentong express ( sto ) , yuantong express ( yto ) , zhongtong express (
   zto ) and yunda express ( yunda ) were applied to the simulation software
   vensim in order to confirm the effectiveness of the simulation branch model
   and to obtain courier companies rankings based on the subsidiary variable ,
   which will provide new methods of express logistics service assessment .
   2017 ieee .
DE branch model; causal relationship; express logistics services; online
   shopping; system dynamics
ID electronic commerce; system theory; branch models; causal relationships;
   logistics services; online shopping; system dynamics; computer software

---

UT 792
AR Ji S, 2014, PROC - IEEE WORK ADV RES TECHNOL IND APPL WARTIA, P1234, DOI
   10.1109/WARTIA.2014.6976503
TI Study on the causal feedback Relationship of regional logistics information
   platform service innovation factors based on system dynamics
AU Ji S; Feng Q/1
TC 1
SO PROC - IEEE WORK ADV RES TECHNOL IND APPL WARTIA
PY 2014
AB in this paper , were studied the causal feedback relationship of regional
   logistics information platform service innovation factors based on system
   dynamics . we established a regional logistics information platform service
   innovation causality model . mainly analysis logistics supply loop ,
   logistics needs loop and logistics policy loop in the model . using software
   vensim obtained the reason tree of regional logistics information platform
   service innovation . further we drawn the direct factor and indirect factors
   which affecting regional logistics information platform service innovation .
   2014 ieee .
DE causality; dynamics; logistics information; platform system; service
   innovation
ID dynamics; system theory; causality; causality modeling; indirect factors;
   logistics information; logistics supply; platform systems; regional
   logistics; service innovation; engineering research

---

UT 793
AR Ghashghaei M, 2013, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V27, P5119, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-013-0457-2
TI Rainfall-runoff Modeling in a Watershed Scale Using an Object Oriented
   Approach Based on the Concepts of System Dynamics
AU Ghashghaei M; Bagheri A; Morid S
TC 22
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2013
AB relying on a linear causal thinking , most of the hydrological models fail
   to incorporate socio_economic characteristics of a watershed with
   hydrological and environmental attributes . based on a systems thinking
   philosophy , the paper aims to adopt an object_oriented ( oo ) approach
   based on the concepts of system dynamics ( sd ) such as stocks and flows to
   analyze the dynamics in a hydrological system in a watershed scale .
   object_oriented modeling is a way to organize data into discrete ,
   recognizable entities called objects . these objects could be concrete (
   such as a river reach ) or conceptual ( such as a policy decision ) . in the
   present paper , vensim ple has been used for the modeling purpose . the
   application was illustrated in an iranian watershed . the model was examined
   using validity and verifying tests . the results showed that the model is
   capable of generating the monthly runoff quite well . the values of r2 are
   0.69 and 0.61 for generated discharge values at polchehr and doab stations
   respectively . also the values of nse are 0.66 and 0.64 for estimated
   discharge values at the same stations . the capability of model was more
   clarified comparing r2 and nse coefficients obtained by a swat model with
   those obtained by watershed hydrological model developed in this study .
   2013 springer science+business media dordrecht .
DE iran; iwrm; object oriented modeling; rainfall-runoff; system dynamics
ID iran; system theory; iran; iwrm; object oriented model; rainfall-runoff;
   system dynamics; discharge; numerical model; rainfall-runoff modeling; water
   management; watershed; watersheds

---

UT 794
AR Xue C/1, 2013, J SOFTW, V8, P2562, DOI 10.4304/jsw.8.10.2562-2568
TI Factor analysis of the advanced manufacturing mode diffusion based on system
   dynamics
AU Xue C/1
TC 2
SO J SOFTW
PY 2013
AB in order to reveal the factor impact on the advanced manufacturing mode
   diffusion , the influence of various factors in the diffusion process is
   studied from the perspective of system dynamics . to this end , firstly ,
   factors in the advanced manufacturing mode diffusion are identified , which
   include both macro and micro factors from the perspective of whole industry
   and single enterprise respectively . secondly , based on the factor analysis
   and system dynamics , both a macro and a micro system dynamic model of the
   advanced manufacturing mode diffusion are established . then , the models
   are simulated by vensim , and different parameter settings of the models are
   discussed . and then , the sensitivity analysis of factors is conducted .
   finally , based on the results of system dynamics analysis , conclusions
   about the impact of these factors on the advanced manufacturing mode
   diffusion are drawn , which not only verifies the proposed models , but
   provides foundation for understanding the diffusion mechanism of the
   advanced manufacturing mode . 2013 academy publisher .
DE advanced manufacturing mode diffusion; factor analysis; sensitivity
   analysis; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; factor analysis; manufacture; multivariant analysis;
   sensitivity analysis; system theory; advanced manufacturing; diffusion
   mechanisms; diffusion process; parameter setting; system dynamics; diffusion

---

UT 795
AR Yan B, 2017, RAIRO OPER RES, V51, P763, DOI 10.1051/ro/2016054
TI Inventory management models in cluster supply chains based on system
   dynamics
AU Yan B; Wu J/1; Liu L/6; Chen Q/1
TC 6
SO RAIRO OPER RES
PY 2017
AB this study introduces the methods of supply chain inventory management into
   the cluster supply chains and proposes the implementation of supply chain
   inventory management strategies under this circumstance . first , we analyze
   the system behavior patterns of the co_operation planning , forecasting and
   replenishment ( cpfr ) , vendor_managed inventory ( vmi ) , and jointly
   managed inventory ( jmi ) models of cluster supply chains . therefore , we
   establish the inventory management models of cpfr , vmi and jmi in cluster
   supply chains . these models are simulated by vensim software . the
   simulation results show that compared with those in the vmi and jmi models ,
   the inventory fluctuations of manufacturers , wholesalers and retailers in
   the cpfr model correspond . the total inventory is reduced while its
   stability is greatly improved . therefore , the application of cpfr in
   cluster supply chains can effectively restrain the bullwhip effect , reduce
   the inventory and improve the efficiency of the entire supply chain . 2017
   edp sciences , roadef , smai .
DE cluster supply chains; cpfr; inventory management; system dynamics; vmi
ID supply chains; system theory; cluster supply chain; cpfr; inventory
   management; operation planning; supply chain inventories; system behaviors;
   system dynamics; vendor managed inventory; inventory control

---

UT 796
AR Azmi M, 2011, IRRIG DRAIN SYST, V25, P265, DOI 10.1007/s10795-011-9123-0
TI Evaluation of surface irrigation system performance using System Dynamics
   (SD) approach
AU Azmi M; Liaghat A; Sarmadi F
TC 5
SO IRRIG DRAIN SYST
PY 2011
AB various methods and criteria have been proposed and utilized for the
   evaluation of irrigation systems performance , which can be used for
   comparison of design conditions and irrigation systems performance . surface
   irrigation systems should be paid more attention among all other irrigation
   systems due to their operation simplicity and high losses . in the present
   study , while describing main relationships of irrigation evaluation
   criteria of application efficiency , water requirement efficiency , deep
   percolation ratio and tail water ratio , a method based on sd will be
   introduced . modeling of this approach has been done using vensim_dss
   software . model has been tested in a case study that included the modeling
   of a furrow in four irrigation status : current situation , full irrigation
   , deficit irrigation and finally deficit irrigation with optimized
   irrigation cutoff time and inflow into furrow . the results reveal the high
   capabilities of sd approach in modeling water resources and irrigation
   systems . its user friendly and ability in transferring data to the data
   bank can introduce this approach and software as an applicable decision
   support system . 2012 springer science+business media b . v .
DE performance evaluation; surface irrigation system; system dynamics; vensim-
   dss
ID artificial intelligence; decision support systems; solvents; system theory;
   water resources; current situation; data bank; deep percolation; deficit
   irrigation; design condition; irrigation evaluations; irrigation systems;
   performance evaluation; surface irrigation; system dynamics; user-friendly;
   vensim-dss; water ratio; water requirements; decision support system; furrow
   irrigation; irrigation system; modeling; performance assessment; systems
   analysis; irrigation

---

UT 797
AR Martinez-Valderrama J, 2020, SCI PROGR, V2020, DOI 10.1155/2020/7563928
TI SAT: A Software for Assessing the Risk of Desertification in Spain
AU Martinez-Valderrama J; Ibañez J; Alcala FJ; Martinez S
TC 13
SO SCI PROGR
PY 2020
AB desertification is a major global environmental issue exacerbated by climate
   change . strategies to combat desertification include prevention which seeks
   to reverse the process before the system reaches the stable desertified
   state . one of these initiatives is to implement early warning tools . this
   paper presents sat ( the spanish acronym for early warning system ) , a
   decision support system ( dss ) , for assessing the risk of desertification
   in spain , where 20 % of the land has already been desertified and 1 % is in
   active degradation . sat relies on three versions of a generic
   desertification model ( gdm ) that integrates economics and ecology under
   the predator_prey paradigm . the models have been programmed using vensim ,
   a type of software used to build and simulate system dynamics ( sd ) models
   . through visual basic programming , these models are operated from the
   excel environment . in addition to the basic simulation exercises ,
   specially designed tools have been coupled to assess the risk of
   desertification and determine the ranking of the most influential factors of
   the process . the users targeted by sat are government land_use planners as
   well as desertification experts . sat tool is implemented for five case
   studies , each one of them representing a desertification syndrome
   identified in spain . given the general nature of the tool and the fact that
   all united nations convention to combat desertification ( unccd ) signatory
   countries are committed to developing their national plans to combat
   desertification ( npcd ) , sat could be exported to regions threatened by
   desertification and expanded to cover more case studies . 2020 jaime
   martinez_valderrama et al .
ID climate change; decision support systems; economics; land use; visual basic;
   decision support system ( dss ); early warning system; environmental issues;
   influential factors; predator- preys; simulation exercise; system dynamics;
   visual basic programming; risk assessment

---

UT 798
AR Amer N, 2019, PROC ANNU CONF SOC CIV ENG, V2019-June
TI Enhancing planning, monitoring and controlling of road construction projects
   in Egypt
AU Amer N; Okasha A; Arafa A
TC 0
SO PROC ANNU CONF SOC CIV ENG
PY 2019
AB in this research , system dynamics methodology is applied to model road
   construction project in egypt and represents the effect of changes in time
   schedule by application of vensim software . system dynamics uses stocks ,
   flows , internal feedback loops , table functions and time delay to
   understand the nonlinear behavior of complex systems over time . it aims to
   help project managers taking decisions in the highly dynamic environment and
   assess the performance of project . also , help in minimizing the changes
   impact on projects . the introduced model consists of subsystems interacting
   with each other . each subsystem contains other small cycles . factors and
   cycles integrate with each other to show the project behavior . also , this
   model takes into account the effects of schedule pressure , morale ,
   communication congestion , overtime , and experience on the defect rate and
   productivity . the model is validated by panel of experts in the
   construction of roads sector . also , a questionnaire is used for data
   gathering to feed the model with values of factors and limitation of
   variables . the results show that system dynamics is better than traditional
   techniques in planning and controlling the project performance . integration
   of system dynamics with the traditional techniques creates advantages for
   the project manager . in addition , workload is simulated in two cases :
   first simulated as one company will do all the work with the limited time
   but with no limitation in sources . second it simulated by dividing workload
   and assign the parts to different companies . to simulate the real world ,
   this division is done according to the real project division . this division
   of workload and required operation capacity will increase the productivity
   of the project and also increase project complexity . in total , the
   productivity increased by average 22.23 % along the whole project with
   elongation in schedule by 8.3 % to overcome the complexity . finally ,
   modeling and simulation using system dynamics enables project manager to
   powerfully estimate the required operation capacity and number of working
   crews . hence , the delays in construction projects could be eliminated by
   good controlling of project using system dynamics methodology . 2019
   canadian society for civil engineering . all rights reserved .
ID application programs; highway administration; managers; road construction;
   roads and streets; system theory; construction projects; internal feedback
   loop; monitoring and controlling; operation capacity; project managers;
   research system; stock flows; system dynamics; time schedules; traditional
   techniques; productivity

---

UT 799
AR Mona S, 2018, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, V2018, P1006
TI A system dynamics approach to study the behavior of Cape Town tourism for
   the next coming 10 years
AU Mona S
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2018
AB cape town is a coastal city in south africa . it is the second most populous
   urban area after johannesburg . the city is famous for its harbor , for its
   natural setting in the cape floristic region , robben island , and the beach
   and for such well_known landmarks as table mountain and cape point . for
   this reasons cape town shines as a tourist destination . the purpose of this
   project is to develop simulation model for cape town tourism using stella
   software in order to study the behavior of the system for the next coming 10
   years . system dynamics is an approach to understanding the nonlinear
   behavior of complex systems over time using stock , flows , internal
   feedback loops , table functions and time delays . the approach that was
   used was to develop a simulation model is based on the following five stages
   of system dynamics modeling process : problem articulation , formulation of
   dynamic hypothesis , formulation of simulation model , testing of the model
   , and policy design and evaluation . initial hypothesis was generated based
   on the research done . the model study supports the hypothesis . as the
   population of cape town grows without the necessary expansion of services ,
   cape town will be less attractive to tourism . therefore , the number of
   tourists visiting will decline . ieom society international .
DE population; system dynamics; tourism

---

UT 800
AR Lu M, 2012, XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO, V44, P400
TI Objective management in the project based on the SD and fuzzy control
AU Lu M; Liu Y/4; Jin T; Sun Y-Y
TC 1
SO XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2012
AB this paper has established the systems dynamics model for factors affecting
   the three goals of project management and proposed the application of fuzzy
   control method in the target control . on the schedule change as an example
   , the paper has carried on the dynamic simulation for the schedule change to
   the engineering project goal ' s influence with the help of vensim software
   , using the fuzzy control method to adjust and control dynamic changes .
   results show that this method has a certain effect on the improvement of the
   project management by objectives .
DE construction project; fuzzy control; objective management; system dynamics

---

UT 801
AR Dudley RG, 2016, HANDB APPL SYST SCI, P211, DOI 10.4324/9781315748771
TI A system dynamics examination of the willingness of villagers to engage in
   illegal logging
AU Dudley RG
TC 0
SO HANDB APPL SYST SCI
PY 2016
AB much of the work of illegal logging in indonesia is carried out by villagers
   . several factors determine villagers ' willingness to participate in such
   activities . chief among these are ( 1 ) the need for income , ( 2 ) the
   fact that other villagers ( and non_villagers ) are already illegally
   logging , and ( 3 ) the realization of loss of community control over
   traditional forest areas . these factors form the basis of feedback loops ,
   which trap villagers in illegal logging systems , which will likely result
   in the disappearance of a major source of livelihood . ideas for system
   dynamics model structure were obtained from field reports and interviews
   with stakeholders . these ideas were examined using causal loop diagrams to
   represent different views of illegal logging . one village level view was
   formulated as a quantified system dynamics model using vensim software . the
   model allows examination of scenarios , which might alter system behavior .
   the model is a tool for understanding consequences of various proposed
   strategies to control illegal logging . these strategies include enforcement
   of laws , strengthening of community rights , the prevention of outside
   labor in local forests , and the provision of alternate sources of income .
   this is part of a larger effort to describe and analyze illegal logging
   using system dynamics modeling . 2016 taylor and francis . all rights
   reserved .

---

UT 802
AR Chawre B, 2020, LECT NOTES CIV ENG, V39, P187, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-13-8181-2_14
TI Estimation of Domestic Water Demand and Supply Using System Dynamics
   Approach
AU Chawre B
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES CIV ENG
PY 2020
AB water is a basic need for survival and well_being of all , and therefore ,
   it is required to provide adequate quantity and potable quality of water to
   all . water is used for all purposes such as domestic , agriculture and
   industrial needs , navigational , recreational , and power generation . in
   this study , water demands and supply for domestic sector have been
   presented . based on various factors , e . g . , the level of economy ,
   technological advancement , and pricing policy , level of urbanization ,
   ratio of private to public water supply , and population coverage under
   public water supply , the unit water demand and supply at the user end for
   domestic sector is calculated and discussed . with the help of vensim
   simulation software , a system dynamics_based simulation model ( domestic
   water sector model ) for estimating the domestic water demand and supply has
   been developed . domestic water sector model is validated on the available
   data , and the simulated results showed good agreement . study showed that
   the water supply is meeting the projected water demand of 87.35 bcm in the
   year 2050 ( for a projected population of 1.645 billions ) because the
   highest priority is given to meet the domestic water demand as per national
   water policy of india , goi . 2020 , springer nature singapore pte ltd .
DE domestic water demand and supply; system dynamics; vensim
ID agricultural robots; computer software; economics; system theory; water
   management; water quality; water supply; domestic water; national water
   policy; public water supply; system dynamics; system dynamics approach;
   technological advancement; vensim; water demand and supply; potable water

---

UT 803
AR Raczynski S, 2019, METHODSX, V6, P615, DOI 10.1016/j.mex.2019.02.029
TI Dynamics of economic growth: Uncertainty treatment using differential
   inclusions
AU Raczynski S
TC 7
SO METHODSX
PY 2019
AB the article is focused on applications of the differential inclusions to the
   models of economic growth , rather than the model building . the models are
   taken from the known literature , and some modifications are introduced to
   reflect an additional inertia . the aim is to treat the uncertainty in the
   model parameters by using differential inclusions instead of the stochastic
   approach . the reachable sets for the models are shown , to assess the
   possible ranges of the outcome with given parameters uncertainty . the
   approach may be interpreted as a generalization to the system dynamics
   methodology , providing attainable sets instead of single model trajectory
   and simple sensitivity analysis . a comparison with powersim risk analysis
   is provided . the models of solow and swan , mankiw , bhattacharya , romer
   and weil are used . a brief review of the models is given , and several
   examples of simple simulations , differential inclusion applications and
   optimization are presented . 2019 the author
DE differential inclusion solver; differential inclusions; economic growth;
   economic model; mathematical model; reachable set determination; risk
   analysis; simulation; system dynamics; uncertainty
ID article; economic development; economic model; human; nonhuman; outcome
   assessment; risk assessment; sensitivity analysis; simulation; stochastic
   model; swan; uncertainty

---

UT 804
AR Briano E, 2010, WSEAS INT CONF AUTOM CONTROL MODEL SIMUL ACMOS, P269
TI Use of System Dynamics for modelling customers flows from residential areas
   to selling centers
AU Briano E; Caballini C; Revetria R; Schenone M; Testa A
TC 4
SO WSEAS INT CONF AUTOM CONTROL MODEL SIMUL ACMOS
PY 2010
AB this work aims to analyze , with the system dynamics simulation , the
   impacts of a new supermarket opening in terms of the traffic flows in the
   surroundings of a determined urban zone , in order to help decision makers
   to find the most suitable area and the proper number of car parks and
   counters to satisfy a certain customer level service , avoiding high waiting
   times and , consequently , customer losses . among the different simulation
   methodologies , system dynamics has been chosen because it allows to
   properly model systems that continuously change over time , that are
   affected by time delays and whose variables depend on their conditions at
   the previous time step . traffic flow systems are included in this category
   of systems . moreover , the software used for simulation , powersim studiotm
   , allows the integration with gis ( geographic informative systems ) , which
   provides useful information on road mapping and users allocation .
DE dss-decision support systems; powersim studio software; simulation; system
   dynamics; traffic flows
ID artificial intelligence; automation; computer simulation; control; customer
   satisfaction; decision making; decision support systems; decision theory;
   geographic information systems; parks; process control; retail stores;
   sales; studios; system theory; traffic surveys; dss-decision support
   systems; powersim studio software; simulation; system dynamics; traffic
   flows; computer software

---

UT 805
AR Liu YJ/1, 2013, APPL MECH MATER, V353-354, P2381, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.353-356.2381
TI System dynamics model of coalmine safety management
AU Liu YJ/1; Tian ZC; Huang DM
TC 1
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2013
AB based on the dynamic , nonlinear and feedback features of coalmine safety
   management control process , with the purpose of identifying the complex
   interdependence relationships of the various elements of coalmine safety
   management system , system dynamics ( sd ) is used as a tool to study
   coalmine safety management and control issues . to elaborate various
   elements related to safety benefit in the process of dynamic coalmine safety
   management and the relationships between them . the causal link between
   those factors and the systematic dynamics flow figure model are established
   by using the modeling and simulating software which is called vensim . (
   2013 ) trans tech publications , switzerland .
DE coal mine; safety benefit; safety management; systematic dynamics; vensim
ID civil engineering; nonlinear feedback; system theory; coal mine safeties;
   modeling and simulating; safety benefits; safety management; system
   dynamics; system dynamics model; vensim; coal mines

---

UT 806
AR Chaves R, 2013, CHEMOSPHERE, V90, P2428, DOI
   10.1016/j.chemosphere.2012.10.082
TI Application of System Dynamics technique to simulate the fate of persistent
   organic pollutants in soils
AU Chaves R; López D; Macías F; Casares J; Monterroso C
TC 11
SO CHEMOSPHERE
PY 2013
AB persistent organic pollutants ( pops ) are within the most dangerous
   pollutants released into the environment by human activities . due to their
   resistance to degradation ( chemical , biological or photolytic ) , it is
   critical to assess the fate and environmental hazards of the exchange of
   pops between different environmental media . system dynamics enables to
   represent complex systems and analyze their dynamic behavior . it provides a
   highly visual representation of the structure of the system and the existing
   relationships between the several parameters and variables , facilitating
   the understanding of the behavior of the system . in the present study the
   fate of _hexachlorocyclohexane ( lindane ) in a contaminated soil was
   modeled using the vensim simulation software . results show a gradual
   decrease in the lindane content in the soil during a simulation period of
   10. years . the most important route affecting the concentrations of the
   contaminant was the biochemical degradation , followed by infiltration and
   hydrodynamic dispersion . the model appeared to be highly sensitive to the
   half_life of the pollutant , which value depends on environmental conditions
   and directly affects the biochemical degradation . 2012 elsevier ltd .
DE contaminated soils; environmental modeling; persistent pesticides; vensim
ID biodegradation; biohazards; chemical hazards; computer software;
   cyclohexane; insecticides; soil pollution; soils; system theory; lindane;
   soil organic matter; contaminated soils; environmental modeling;
   hydrodynamic dispersions; persistent organic pollutant ( pop ); persistent
   organic pollutants; persistent pesticides; system dynamics technique;
   vensim; biochemical composition; degradation; environmental fate;
   environmental modeling; human activity; hydrodynamics; infiltration; organic
   pollutant; pesticide residue; software; soil pollution; analytical
   parameters; article; biodegradation; computer program; dispersion;
   environmental impact; hydrodynamics; soil pollutant; soil pollution; system
   dynamics; organic pollutants

---

UT 807
AR Pan J, 2012, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V32, P2439
TI Construction and simulation of port city coupled system model based on
   systems dynamics: Taking Lianyungang as a case
AU Pan J; Yang S; Shen F-Y
TC 13
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2012
AB the port city interaction relations have the systems dynamics coupling
   characteristic , according to the systems dynamics principle and the method
   . this article establishes the port city coupled system ' s sd model , and
   makes the dissection port city coupled system multiple feedback mechanisms
   and various systems interaction process from the port city system
   characteristic , the system model boundary and the essential elements causal
   relation embarks . using the model in lianyungang ' s port city coupled
   system , jiangsu province , and drawing support from the vensim software to
   complete the structure and the dimension consistency check , the article
   chooses investment degree of contribution , three produce increases
   parameters and so on coefficient , resources transformation coefficient and
   resources utilization factor as the controlled variable to carry on the
   model simulation after confirming the reliability of the model . the result
   indicates that to achieve quot . twelve_five ' ' development project goal ,
   and realizes the port city sustainable development , lianyungang needs to
   expand the tertiary industry investment , controls the wharf waterfront
   availability of resources moderately , simultaneously increases the harbor
   investment , and promote port capacity construction , to meets the strategic
   position promotion lianyungang port city development need .
DE lianyungang city; model simulation; port city coupling; systems dynamics
ID dynamics; investments; software reliability; urban growth; causal relations;
   consistency checks; controlled variables; coupled systems; development
   needs; development project; essential elements; jiangsu province;
   lianyungang city; model simulation; multiple feedback; port capacities; port
   city; system characteristics; system models; systems dynamics; systems
   interaction; transformation coefficients; utilization factor; ports and
   harbors

---

UT 808
AR Nikolaou I, 2015, J CLEAN PROD, V103, P499, DOI
   10.1016/j.jclepro.2014.09.086
TI A system dynamic approach for exploring the effects of climate change risks
   on firms' economic performance
AU Nikolaou I; Evangelinos K; Leal Filho W
TC 72
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2015
AB a number of studies have recently examined the potential relationships
   between climate change and the business community . the majority of such
   studies have emphasized statistical and benchmarking techniques to identify
   how climate change could have implications on firms ' operations and their
   economic performance . these techniques draw primary data from questionnaire
   surveys and corporate environmental reports in an ex post basis , a fact
   that provide evidence in a linear , probabilistic and static character .
   these studies have provided limited insights regarding the future complex
   effects of climate change on corporate economic performance . this paper
   aims to contribute to this literature by developing a dynamic model to
   investigate the evolutionary trends of the relationships between climate
   change risks , financial performance and the operational processes of firms
   . the main scope is to identify how physical , regulatory , reputational and
   litigation risks will affect day_to_day operations . an integrated model
   will be established in order to improve managers ' and academics '
   understanding of climate change and business performance . four scenarios
   will also be tested to illustrate ' ' what if ' ' relationships in the
   presence of climate change risks . finally , the proposed model is based on
   the corporate climate change management , system thinking , system dynamic
   and stella software . 2014 elsevier ltd .
DE climate change risks; corporate-sustainability; stella software; system
   dynamic; system thinking
ID benchmarking; climate models; laws and legislation; risk perception; risks;
   surveys; sustainable development; climate change risks; corporate-
   sustainability; stella software; system dynamics; system thinkings; climate
   change

---

UT 809
AR Jin Y-H, 2020, RES ENV YANGTZE BASIN, V29, P1064, DOI
   10.11870/cjlyzyyhj202005002
TI Evaluation of China's Land Use System Health Based on System Dynamics;
   [基于系统动力学的中国土地利用系统健康评价研究]
AU Jin Y-H; Wang H-J; Jia K-J; Zhang B/5; Xu S/2
TC 5
SO RES ENV YANGTZE BASIN
PY 2020
AB by simulating the state of china ' s land use system , we explore the
   scenarios that can achieve healthy development of land use system . it
   provides a reference path for china to basically realize socialist
   modernization in 2035 and promote the sustainable development goal . the
   research uses the system dynamics model to construct the land use system .
   the model adjusts the parameters of gdp growth rate , population birth rate
   , and land consolidation investment respectively to represent the state ' s
   policy implementation on economic development , population control , and
   land consolidation , and a total of 18 scenarios are simulated . with the
   function of the system dynamics software vensim ple , the adjustment
   mechanism of the policy control variable parameters is established . under
   different land use conditions , policy strength can be adjusted accordingly
   to optimize and enhance the effectiveness of policy implementation . based
   on the simulation results of multiple scenarios , according to the national
   development strategy and the international economic development situation ,
   the research sets the minimum standards for economic development , food
   security and ecological security that china needs to meet in 2035 to screen
   all simulation scenarios and eliminate non_conformities . finally , 6
   scenarios are retained . the ' ' pressure_state_response ' ' ( psr ) model
   is used to construct a land use system health evaluation system to evaluate
   the retained scenarios and select a scenario that meets the national
   development needs and has a high level of health . the result shows that the
   second scenario land use system has the best health level and meets the
   needs of national development . the optimal policy scenario is as follows :
   the economy will maintain a medium_speed development , by 2035 the gdp
   growth rate will stabilize at 4 % , and the gdp will reach about 200
   thousand billion . the population will maintain a medium_speed growth , and
   it will stabilize at about 1.485 billion in 2035 . the intensity of land
   consolidation will increase , and it will increase to 60_100 billion yuan
   per year . 2020 , science press . all right reserved .
DE china; land use; scenario analysis; system dynamics

---

UT 810
AR Li Z/3, 2018, J HYDROL, V556, P50, DOI 10.1016/j.jhydrol.2017.11.007
TI A hybrid system dynamics and optimization approach for supporting
   sustainable water resources planning in Zhengzhou City, China
AU Li Z/3; Li C/2; Wang X/3; Peng C; Cai Y; Huang W
TC 50
SO J HYDROL
PY 2018
AB problems with water resources restrict the sustainable development of a city
   with water shortages . based on system dynamics ( sd ) theory , a model of
   sustainable utilization of water resources using the stella software has
   been established . this model consists of four subsystems : population
   system , economic system , water supply system and water demand system . the
   boundaries of the four subsystems are vague , but they are closely related
   and interdependent . the model is applied to zhengzhou city , china , which
   has a serious water shortage . the difference between the water supply and
   demand is very prominent in zhengzhou city . the model was verified with
   data from 2009 to 2013 . the results show that water demand of zhengzhou
   city will reach 2.57 billion m3 in 2020 . a water resources optimization
   model is developed based on interval_parameter two_stage stochastic
   programming . the objective of the model is to allocate water resources to
   each water sector and make the lowest cost under the minimum water demand .
   using the simulation results , decision makers can easily weigh the costs of
   the system , the water allocation objectives , and the system risk . the
   hybrid system dynamics method and optimization model is a rational try to
   support water resources management in many cities , particularly for cities
   with potential water shortage and it is solidly supported with previous
   studies and collected data . 2017 elsevier b . v .
DE optimal allocation of water resources; sustainable usage; system dynamics
   model; water resources; zhengzhou city
ID china; henan; zhengzhou; decision making; economics; information management;
   stochastic models; stochastic programming; stochastic systems; system
   theory; water conservation; water management; water supply; water supply
   systems; four sub-systems; optimal allocation of water resources;
   optimization models; sustainable usage; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; water demand; water shortages; waters resources; zhengzhou city;
   demand analysis; hydrological modeling; optimization; resource allocation;
   resource scarcity; software; sustainable development; water management;
   water resource; water supply; water use; hybrid systems

---

UT 811
AR Bagheri MH, 2015, INT J HYDROL SCI TECHNOL, V5, P295, DOI
   10.1504/IJHST.2015.072610
TI Groundwater level modelling using system dynamics approach to investigate
   the sinkhole events (case study: Abarkuh County Watershed, Iran)
AU Bagheri MH; Neychalani TM; Fathian F; Bagheri A
TC 8
SO INT J HYDROL SCI TECHNOL
PY 2015
AB in the past few decades , withdrawal of groundwater and depletion of
   aquifers has increased . the aquifers have a negative balance in many plains
   and consequently , an endangering phenomenon called sinkholes have turned up
   . this phenomenon has created a concern for the people who lives in abarkuh
   county watershed as well . this study attempts to investigate the factors
   most likely to cause a sinkhole event and evaluation of management
   strategies , by applying system dynamics approach . the results showed the
   verification of the model in simulating the groundwater level of the
   watershed . moreover , the effects of crop pattern factor in the declining
   trend of groundwater level and increasing trend of depth of sinkhole event
   have been detected . in contrast , reducing the irrigation water demand ,
   the withdrawal more than the requirement , and drinking water consumption ,
   as management scenarios , demonstrated the most influence in order to
   prevent of sinkhole occurrence in the future , respectively . copyright 2015
   inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE abarkuh county watershed; aquifer; sinkhole; system dynamics approach;
   vensim

---

UT 812
AR Dou S, 2014, J IND ENG MANAG, V7, P573, DOI 10.3926/jiem.1036
TI Study on logistics industry development policy of Beijing based on system
   dynamic
AU Dou S; Li X/10; Li X/12; Gou J
TC 3
SO J IND ENG MANAG
PY 2014
AB purpose : this paper is committed to design a logistics industry development
   policy model based on system dynamic to simulate the policy measures which
   promote region economic and logistics efficiency . the interaction between
   logistic industry development policy and economy needs to be investigated
   and the influence degree of logistic efficiency affected by industry policy
   needs to be identified too . design / methodology / approach : in order to
   achieve the objective , it makes a system analysis from industry perspective
   to divide system into economic growth subsystem , logistics demand subsystem
   and logistics supply subsystem . then the hypothesis and the boundaries are
   defined , and the causal diagram and system flow diagrams are drawn . the
   paper designs parameters and structural equation by the sample of beijing
   using the econometrics model and takes model validation . taking beijing as
   an example , logistics industry development policy is simulated from the
   aspect of technological progress , increasing fixed assets investment ,
   adjusting the industrial structure proportion and comprehensive policy by
   changing the parameters using vensim_ple . findings ? after logistics
   development policy is highly simulated by system dynamic model of logistics
   industry development policy , it is found that the policies of technological
   progress , fixed assets investment increasing , the industrial structure
   proportion adjustment and the comprehensive policy have different function
   to affect gdp , logistics demand , supply capacity and actual logistics
   costs . originality / value : compared with the previous research , this
   paper analyzes the interactive mechanism between logistics industry policy
   and region economy from a system perspective and establishes system dynamics
   model of logistics industry development policy to make up for the limitation
   of previous research .
DE logistics industry; policy proposal; regional economy; system dynamics
ID economic analysis; regional planning; system theory;
   design/methodology/approach; industrial structures; logistics development;
   logistics industry; regional economy; system dynamics; system dynamics
   model; technological progress; industrial economics

---

UT 813
AR Li J-C, 2014, FRESENIUS ENV BULL, V23, P1209
TI A system dynamics approach to a comprehensive assessment of water
   strategies: A case study of North China
AU Li J-C; He Y-Y; Fan C-J
TC 3
SO FRESENIUS ENV BULL
PY 2014
AB in this study , a new approach for identifying the optimal water strategy is
   presented , for the purpose of achieving sustainable development of water
   resources , incorporating system dynamics ( sd ) and the comprehensive
   benefit assessment model . a complex sd model is therefore developed using
   the vensim ple sd software package , which reflects interactions between
   water resources , ecology , society and the economy . on this basis , we
   advance a comprehensive benefit assessment model to give an all_around
   assessment of a chosen water resource system . a case from north china has
   been studied to illustrate the applicability of the new approach . the
   credibility and validity of the sd model is confirmed with datasets from the
   years 2004_2011. the average simulation error is only about 2.6 % . the
   water supply and demand of north china in 2030 is predicted , which
   foretells a huge water shortage . the new approach is then employed to
   assess the impacts of the four water strategies : storage , desalinization ,
   water saving and sewage treatment . results show that when the investments
   in water conservancy facilities reach 0.5 % of the annual gdp , the maximum
   comprehensive benefit is obtained . developing water desalination technology
   has been proven not to be an economical measure in the short term . the
   development of water_saving and sewage treatment technology has a positive
   impact on increasing the water supply , narrowing the margin between supply
   and demand , enhancing sewage utilization , and improving the ecological
   environment . however , excessive investments will slow down the pace of
   economic development . psp .
DE comprehensive benefit assessment; system dynamics; water prediction; water
   resources; water strategy
ID china; assessment method; economic analysis; gross domestic product;
   numerical model; prediction; sewage treatment; sustainable development;
   water management; water resource; water supply

---

UT 814
AR Wu A, 2014, CHIN GEOGR SCI, V24, P706, DOI 10.1007/s11769-014-0664-7
TI Effects of industrial relocation on Chinese regional economic growth
   disparities: Based on system dynamics modeling
AU Wu A; Li G; Sun T/1; Liang Y/2
TC 21
SO CHIN GEOGR SCI
PY 2014
AB the economic growth of china has led to increasing growth disparities
   between regions . such disparities are uncontrolled and are severely
   negative symptoms in the process of economic development . on the basis of
   system dynamics ( sd ) modeling and the relationship between industrial
   relocation and regional economic growth , we construct a model of the
   interrelationship between the two aforementioned phenomena . the model is an
   effective and creative exploration for examining effects of industrial
   relocation on chinese regional economic growth disparities . the sd model is
   employed in this study to build an inter_regional labor migration sd model ,
   an inter_regional capital migration sd model , an intra_industry sd model ,
   an intra_regional population sd model , and an intra_regional sd model which
   are based on realities in labor and capital flow from the view of industrial
   relocation . vensim software is utilized to perform a system simulation
   based on the data of the eastern , middle , and western regions from 2000 to
   2010 . results show that industrial relocation gradually narrows the
   relative disparity in gdp among the three regions . moreover , the absolute
   one is enlarged continuously . the absolute and relative disparities in per
   capita gdp among eastern , middle , and western regions generally exhibit
   decreasing trends . 2014 , science press , northeast institute of geography
   and agricultural ecology , cas and springer_verlag berlin heidelberg .
DE china; economic growth disparity; industrial relocation; system dynamics (
   sd ) modeling
ID china; economic development; economic growth; gross domestic product; labor
   migration; regional economy; relocation

---

UT 815
AR Xiaoyan W, 2018, PROC - IEEE INT CONF DATA SCI CYBERSP DSC, P410, DOI
   10.1109/DSC.2018.00066
TI Will the big data strategic alliance be workable for intelligent vehicles
   and new energy vehicles industry?  - Perspective of system dynamics
AU Xiaoyan W; Hu D-B; Lu H/1
TC 1
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF DATA SCI CYBERSP DSC
PY 2018
AB different from papers on the big data technique , in this paper has study on
   industry_university_research big data strategic alliance stability from a
   system dynamics perspective . by feedback of industry_university_research
   big data strategic alliance stability , the causal loop diagrams of material
   , information and energy are analyzed from three aspects , which are aspects
   of matching , interactivity and all_win . furthermore , a flow chart and
   system dynamics model are established to have am empirical analysis . vensim
   ple is used to simulate and test the validation and application value of
   model . the simulation results show that it should pay attention to role and
   impact of single variable in the module , and the combination and
   interaction between multiple module and the elements in alliance system
   framework for a specific alliance system to finally achieve alliance
   stability . so we can not only focus on the technique of big data , but also
   pay more attention to the process reengineering . 2018 ieee .
DE casual loop diagram; simulation; strategic alliance stability; system
   dynamics
ID computers; reengineering; system stability; system theory; casual loops;
   causal loop diagrams; new energy vehicles; process reengineering;
   simulation; strategic alliance; system dynamics; system dynamics model; big
   data

---

UT 816
AR Basirat P, 2013, INT J PROCESS MANAG BENCHMARKING, V3, P136, DOI
   10.1504/IJPMB.2013.057723
TI System dynamics meta-modelling for reliability considerations in maintenance
AU Basirat P; Fazlollahtabar H; Mahdavi I
TC 21
SO INT J PROCESS MANAG BENCHMARKING
PY 2013
AB to assess the capability of a maintenance system , the system reliability is
   one of the essential performance indicators to be applied . the study
   presented in this paper employs the system dynamic approach to model and
   analyze a maintenance system with aiming at reliability evaluation and
   control . in this way , series of stock and flow diagrams are integrated in
   order to allow the user to benefit of a high level of reliability interface
   . hence , it would exploit the power of system dynamics thinking to overcome
   many of the difficulties . also , the vensim software is applied as the
   system dynamics modeling and simulation software . some sensitivity analyzes
   are presented to accurately the model structure and behavior , too . as a
   result , with application and advantages of the proposed method , system
   administrators would have better perception for decision making in various
   conditions . copyright 2013 inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE maintenance; reliability; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 817
AR Xie Q-J, 2012, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V24, P952
TI Study on system dynamics model for trust mechanism of internetware
AU Xie Q-J; Su Z-B; Zheng P; Xie X-Q
TC 0
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2012
AB combined with the basic principles of interpersonal trust relationship ' s
   establishment , and the method of qualitative and quantitative analysis , a
   system dynamics model for trust mechanism of internetware was proposed .
   based on the idea of system dynamics , the relevant factors which influence
   the trust level of internetware were analyzed . the dynamics equations for
   knowledge accumulation and trust evaluation were established . experimental
   simulations via the platform of vensim ple demonstrate that the
   establishment of system dynamics model for trust mechanism of interware not
   only contributes to the analysis of trust environment for interware , but
   also provides a new valuable approach .
DE dynamics equation; internetware; system dynamics; trust model

---

UT 818
AR Tan BS, 2015, J ENG SCI TECHNOL, V10, P1150
TI Sustainable growth of the commercial aviation industry in Malaysia using a
   system dynamics approach
AU Tan BS; Yap EH/1
TC 7
SO J ENG SCI TECHNOL
PY 2015
AB the environmental impact of the commercial aviation industry for an emerging
   economy like malaysia is under_studied . the focus on the subject has thus
   far concentrated either on non_geographical performance of the aviation
   industry or technical performance of aircrafts and that leaves the
   sustainability of the commercial aviation industry for an economy , or more
   specifically , an emerging economy least understood . hence , this paper
   aims to investigate the sustainability of the growth of the commercial
   aviation industry in malaysia and its impact upon the environment using a
   system dynamics approach . vensim is employed to model the commercial
   aviation industry in malaysia as a dynamic system to evaluate the co2
   emitted from each component within the industry in order to forecast its
   overall co2 emission . results from the analysis show that sustainable
   growth can be affected by adopting short and long term strategies identified
   in this study . school of engineering , taylor ' s university .
DE aircraft design; commercial aviation; malaysia; system dynamics

---

UT 819
AR Li Z, 2014, PROC INT SYMP ADV CONSTR MANAG REAL ESTATE, P1071, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-35548-6_109
TI The conceptual model of the design for construction waste minimization based
   on system dynamics
AU Li Z; Wang X/2; Li P/1
TC 4
SO PROC INT SYMP ADV CONSTR MANAG REAL ESTATE
PY 2014
AB construction waste minimization has caused widespread concerns in research
   field worldwide . many literature indicate that the architectural designer
   should conduct waste minimization design to reduce construction waste to a
   proper level . based on questionnaire and interview survey , the study
   identifies the main factors affecting the minimization level of waste at the
   design stage . based on above key factors , with the help of vensim system
   dynamics software , this study builds the conceptual model of design and
   management for construction waste minimization . the model composes four
   subsystems , namely architectural design , waste generation , waste disposal
   , and waste performance assessment . upon the conceptual model , the
   research reveals the interaction mechanism of the main factors that affect
   the level of waste minimization at the design stage , which make
   architectural designers better understand the impact and significance of the
   design planning on construction waste minimization . 2014 springer_verlag
   berlin heidelberg .
DE conceptual model; construction waste; minimization; system dynamics
ID architectural design; optimization; project management; surveys; system
   theory; architectural designer; conceptual model; construction wastes;
   interaction mechanisms; interview survey; performance assessment; system
   dynamics; waste minimization; conservation

---

UT 820
AR Guizzi G, 2019, COMPUT IND ENG, V137, DOI 10.1016/j.cie.2019.106052
TI An integrated and parametric simulation model to improve production and
   maintenance processes: Towards a digital factory performance
AU Guizzi G; Falcone D; De Felice F
TC 34
SO COMPUT IND ENG
PY 2019
AB in recent years with the emergence of the concept of industry 4.0
   digitalization is transforming the industrial scenario . a great attention
   is focused on integrated simulation system , an emerging enabling technology
   , as a particular decision support tool , to represent the increasingly
   complex modern production systems . the advantage is that it is possible to
   perform simulations and reconfigure models to evaluate modified or
   alternative scenarios to achieve current demands of increasingly competitive
   markets . the aim of the present research is the definition of an integrated
   parametric simulation model for integration management enhancing the
   production and maintenance process . thus , a framework for implementing
   simulation models that help production and maintenance managers to make
   cost_effective decisions as well as optimize the use of resources is
   developed . system dynamics approach is used to simulate , through powersim
   software , the nonlinear behavior of the analyzed complex systems over time
   . the results revealed that the proposed simulation optimization procedure
   can be used to solve and to manage complexity in a ' ' real_time ' ' .
   furthermore , the output of this simulation optimization procedure gives the
   decision maker the most probable scenario . 2019 elsevier ltd
DE complex systems; data-driven approach; digital factory; simulation model;
   system dynamics
ID cost effectiveness; decision making; decision support systems; large scale
   systems; maintenance; system theory; cost effective decision; data-driven
   approach; digital factories; modern production systems; simulation model;
   simulation-optimization; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; digital
   integrated circuits

---

UT 821
AR Li HX, 2017, CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM, P581
TI Simulation research on factors influencing miners' safety climate perception
   and its application
AU Li HX; Ren JH
TC 0
SO CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM
PY 2017
AB in order to reduce the occurrence of miners ' unsafe behavior , a system
   model was built for factors influencing miners ' safety climate perception
   according to the principle of system dynamics . the mechanism of the factors
   influencing miners ' safety climate perception was dynamically simulated by
   using the vensim ple . the results show that : the effect of safety
   awareness was the most significant , the effect of safety commitment was
   relatively stable , and the effect of safety information stimulation was
   rapidly decreased in the later stage . the effect of reducing the working
   pressure is also significant , especially to reduce the working intensity .
   the degree of safety training and safety communication indirectly affect the
   perceived level of safety climate .
DE influencing factors; safety awareness; safety climate perception;
   simulation; system dynamics
ID miners; project management; system theory; influencing factors; safety
   awareness; safety climate; simulation; system dynamics; climate models

---

UT 822
AR Crookes DJ/1, 2016, AFR J ECON MANAG SCI, V19, P733, DOI
   10.17159/2222-3436/2016/v19n5a4
TI Predator-prey analysis using system dynamics: An application to the steel
   industry
AU Crookes DJ/1; Blignaut JN
TC 15
SO AFR J ECON MANAG SCI
PY 2016
AB in this paper , we use a predator_prey model to simulate intersectoral
   dynamics , with the global steel sector as the prey that supplies inputs and
   the automotive sector as the predator that demands its inputs . a further
   prey , an additional upstream supply sector , namely the iron ore sector ,
   is added to reflect the implications of scarcity and resource limitations
   for industrial development and economic prospects . we find that capacity
   constraints in the steel industry could limit the future supply of vehicles
   , a result exacerbated by the unsustainable use of iron ore reserves . the
   solution is not for marginal steel industries to close , but for steelmakers
   to adapt and move to less resource_demanding secondary steelmaking
   technology rather than focusing on primary steelmaking . the forecasting
   capabilities of the model are compared with the outputs from a
   neural_network model . although the results are comparable over the short
   term ( 10 years ) , over the long term , results diverge , showing that
   forecasting steel_industry dynamics is complex and that further work is
   required to disentangle the drivers of supply and demand . this study
   indicates the potential advantages of using predator_prey models in modeling
   the supply chain in economics . 2016 , university of pretoria . all rights
   reserved .
DE iron ore; neural network; predator-prey; steel; system dynamics; vehicles;
   vensim

---

UT 823
AR Létavková D, 2014, INT MULTIDISCIP SCI GEOCONF SURV GEOL MIN ECOL MANAG
   SGEM, V1, P439
TI Modelling for batch service queuing systems from the point of view of system
   dynamics
AU Létavková D; Matušková S; Kebo V
TC 0
SO INT MULTIDISCIP SCI GEOCONF SURV GEOL MIN ECOL MANAG SGEM
PY 2014
AB the paper focuses of the specific issues of modeling batch service queuing
   systems . it deals with traditional methods of simulation by petri networks
   , as well as options offered by utilizing the powersim studio that belongs
   to sw group for dynamic modeling . if the mathematics of batch service
   queuing systems is integrated into the system dynamics rules , the final
   model functionality increases considerably , providing for application by
   many fields of practice . the paper also takes into account the issues of
   optimum service provisions as regards customers of retail trade networks .
   sgem2014 .
DE batch service; dynamic modeling; petri networks; queuing system
ID dynamic models; queueing theory; sales; system theory; batch service; batch
   service queuing system; petri network; queuing systems; retail trade;
   service provisions; system dynamics; queueing networks

---

UT 824
AR Wang X/11, 2017, SUSTAIN, V9, DOI 10.3390/su9061003
TI China's rare earths production forecasting and sustainable development
   policy Implications
AU Wang X/11; Yao M; Li J/7; Zhang K/1; Zhu H/2; Zheng M
TC 43
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2017
AB because of their unique physical and chemical properties , rare earth
   elements ( rees ) perform important functions in our everyday lives , with
   use in a range of products . recently , the study of china ' s rare earth
   elements production has become a hot topic of worldwide interest , because
   of its dominant position in global rare earth elements supply , and an
   increasing demand for rare earth elements due to the constant use of rare
   earth elements in high_tech manufacturing industries . at the same time , as
   an exhaustible resource , the sustainable development of rare earth elements
   has received extensive attention . however , most of the study results are
   based on a qualitative analysis of rare earth elements distribution and
   production capacity , with few studies using quantitative modeling . to
   achieve reliable results with more factors being taken into consideration ,
   this paper applies the generic multivariant system dynamics model to
   forecast china ' s rare earth elements production trend and hubbert peak ,
   using vensim software based on the hubbert model . the results show that the
   peak of china ' s rare earth elements production will appear by 2040 , and
   that production will slowly decline afterwards . based on the results , the
   paper proposes some policy recommendations for the sustainable development
   of china's_and the world's_rare earth elements market and rare earth_related
   industries . 2017 by the authors .
DE policy recommendations; production forecast; rare earths; sustainable
   development; system dynamics model
ID china; forecasting method; manufacturing; policy making; rare earth element;
   sustainable development

---

UT 825
AR Boyko AA, 2019, J PHYS CONF SER, V1353, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1353/1/012124
TI Imitation-dynamic model of amortization of reproductive effect with
   different methods of calculation
AU Boyko AA; Kukartsev VV/1; Smolina ES; Tynchenko VS; Shamlitskiy YI; Fedorova
   NV
TC 19
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2019
AB this article presents an imitational_dynamic model for calculating the
   reproductive effect of amortization of fixed production assets with various
   accrual methods . the model was developed on the basis of the system
   dynamics method using powersim studio tools . in the model , calculations
   were carried out for five amortization methods : linear .
   arithmetic_digressive ( declining balance method ) . geometrically
   digressive . progressive and method of writing off the cost of the survival
   year sum . the model was used as a tool to study the impact of various
   amortization methods on the dynamics of its reproductive effect . as a
   result of experiments with variants , the most effective method was
   determined . the conducted study allows concluding that the constructed
   imitational_dynamic model is quite universal and on its basis , it is
   possible to conduct a variety of studies concerning various issues related
   to amortization deductions . 2019 published under license by iop publishing
   ltd .
ID dynamic models; industrial research; manufacture; balance methods; imitation
   dynamics; production assets; reproductive effects; system dynamics;
   depreciation

---

UT 826
AR Lagarda-Leyva EA, 2019, INT J SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG, V8, P43
TI Collection and distribution of wheat, dynamic of theprocess of shipping to
   international markets: Case study
AU Lagarda-Leyva EA
TC 6
SO INT J SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG
PY 2019
AB this article presents the case study developed over five months in an
   agrofood company from southern sonora . the problem detected was the lack of
   quantitative information for decision making in the processes of wheat
   collection , transport , and sales in domestic and international markets .
   the aim was to build a dynamic interface that would allow observing the
   quantitative scenarios in the distribution link . the method included the
   prior analysis of the processes of wheat collection and delivery at the port
   of guaymas to attend to the demands of algeria , nigeria , and venezuela .
   this article only presents information from deliveries to algeria as an
   international destination , where the demand varies from 49 thousand to 86
   thousand tons of wheat annually . the organization was looking into how to
   concentrate all the quantitative information and make decisions based on
   possible modifications of their collection and delivery policies . the
   system dynamics methodology employing stella architect software generated
   the development of a dynamic and visual user interface that allowed them to
   observe each of the quantitative scenarios associated with the amount of
   wheat that was being moved from the wheat collection centers to the domestic
   and international destinations . the main findings are that decision making
   supported by a user_friendly and visual dynamic interface allows the
   interested parties to modify the higher priority indicators and in thus
   observe the scenarios according to current and future policies in wheat
   distribution logistics . this establishes that the system dynamics
   methodology is a practical and reliable development and analysis tool for
   solutions in the agrofood sector . excelingtech pub , uk .
DE agrofood; distribution; interface; simulation; supply chain; system
   dynamics; wheat

---

UT 827
AR Teng J, 2016, SUSTAIN CITIES SOC, V23, P50, DOI 10.1016/j.scs.2016.02.018
TI Decision-making tools for evaluation the impact on the eco-footprint and
   eco-environmental quality of green building development policy
AU Teng J; Wang P; Wu X/1; Xu C
TC 29
SO SUSTAIN CITIES SOC
PY 2016
AB building projects consume large amount of energy and resources , and emit
   solid waste and co2 harmful to the eco_environment . in order to study the
   eco_environmental impact of green building development policies , a ' '
   green building eco_environment ( gbe ) ' ' model is constructed with the
   method of system dynamics and implemented using the vensim software . the
   model is used to simulate and evaluate the current state and future trend of
   variation of the eco_environmental impact of green building development in
   wuhan during the years 2008_2050 under current green building development
   policies . some policy factors are then adjusted in the simulation to
   determine the optimal green building development policies , under which the
   quality of the regional ecological environment in wuhan would be improved
   most economically . 2016 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE ecological system; strategy optimization; system simulation
ID buildings; carbon dioxide; decision making; ecology; quality control;
   building projects; decision making tool; eco-environmental quality;
   ecological environments; ecological systems; strategy optimization; system
   simulations; vensim softwares; environmental impact

---

UT 828
AR Shi C/1, 2016, JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG, V22, P492, DOI
   10.13196/j.cims.2016.02.022
TI Modeling and simulation of fast fashion product development process based on
   time competition
AU Shi C/1; Yang Y/1; Chen W/3
TC 1
SO JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG
PY 2016
AB to solve the problem of long cycle time and late delivery in fast fashion
   product development , the idea of process optimization was proposed to model
   the product development process of fast fashion structurally and build the
   simulation experiment platform . through investigation of the case
   enterprise , the product development process of s brand was teased out from
   the middle level perspective . system dynamics was introduced to model the
   process and organize the stock_flow diagram . differential equation was used
   to build the variables relationship quantitatively and calculate the time
   performance of process , which realized the synchronous parallel simulation
   of product development process technically . stella software was used to
   simulate , verify and validate the proposed model , and the results showed
   that simulation outputs coped with mean batch method was unbiased ,
   effective and consistent . 2016 , cims . all right reserved .
DE fast fashion; optimization; product development process; simulation; system
   dynamics; time-based competition
ID computer software; differential equations; optimization; system theory; fast
   fashion; product development process; simulation; system dynamics; time-
   based competition; product development

---

UT 829
AR Huntsinger GC, 2012, INTERFACES, V42, P395, DOI 10.1287/inte.1110.0605
TI The US army projects the effect of merit pay on payroll growth
AU Huntsinger GC; Burk RC; Trainor TE
TC 1
SO INTERFACES
PY 2012
AB the national security personnel system ( nsps ) was designed to provide
   greater opportunity for merit_based pay raises than the preexisting civil
   service system . however , a us army organization was concerned that over
   time the accumulation of merit raises would make the total payroll
   unaffordable . we were asked to investigate the conditions under which this
   situation would be likely to happen . we used the vensim modeling software
   to produce a model of the influences and events that would cause payroll to
   rise or fall from year to year . our analysis showed that the merit pay
   policies in place at the start of our study were very likely to lead to
   undesirable growth in total pay and a concentration of all employees near
   the maximum allowed salary , defeating the purpose of nsps _to reward better
   service with more pay . the most important factors were the fraction of
   merit pay that was given as merit raises ( as opposed to bonuses ) and the
   salaries of people newly hired to replace those who left the organization .
   we showed how departing senior employees should be replaced with less_senior
   ones to avoid long_term payroll growth . we used the model to find the
   combinations of merit pay and new_hire policies that would balance the
   effect of these two major influences and produce little or no long_term
   payroll growth . we also showed that some other influences that had
   concerned the client were actually of small effect compared to the
   stochastic uncertainty in payroll growth . another influence , attrition ,
   produced a more substantial effect . the interactive nature of the model
   allowed real_time exploration of alternatives with the client and helped
   build confidence in the robustness of the results . these results highlight
   potential problem areas needing careful analysis in implementing similar
   merit pay systems . 2012 informs .
DE government defense; manpower planning; markov processes;
   motivation/incentives; organizational studies; probability; simulation;
   systems dynamics

---

UT 830
AR Li C-F, 2011, INT CONF SYST SCI ENG DES MANUF INFORMATIZ ICSEM, V2, P172,
   DOI 10.1109/ICSSEM.2011.6081269
TI Scenario simulation of Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-city development based on
   system dynamics
AU Li C-F; Wang L-Y; Tan H-L
TC 2
SO INT CONF SYST SCI ENG DES MANUF INFORMATIZ ICSEM
PY 2011
AB based on system dynamics methodology , this paper analyzes the characters of
   eco_city and structure of the system comprehensively and constructs a system
   dynamics model of eco_city . the model simulates the flow and circulation of
   material , energy and information in eco_city system which is composed of
   population , economy , resource and environment subsystems . using system
   dynamics software vensim ple , results show that scenario 5 and 6 of the six
   are the optimal scenarios of sino_singapore tianjin eco_city , whose
   economic progress stably . whose ecological system is virtuous circle .
   whose industrial structure is optimized . and the policy could provide
   scientific evidences and powerful supports for the sustainable development
   of sino_singapore tianjin eco_city . 2011 ieee .
DE eco-city; industrial structure; simulation; sino-singapore tianjin eco-city;
   system dynamics
ID computer simulation; computer software; industrial applications;
   manufacture; optimization; system theory; eco-city; industrial structure;
   simulation; system dynamics; tianjin; ecology

---

UT 831
AR Zhang L/1, 2020, SUSTAIN, V12, P1, DOI 10.3390/su12010341
TI Second use value of china’s new energy vehicle battery: A view based on
   multi-scenario simulation
AU Zhang L/1; Liu Y/14; Pang B; Sun B/2; Kokko A
TC 30
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2020
AB nowadays , many countries are actively seeking ways to solve the energy
   crisis and environmental pollution . new energy vehicle ( nev ) has become
   an important way to solve these problems . with the rapid development of nev
   , its batteries need to be replaced with new batteries after 58 years .
   therefore , whether the second use of nev ' s battery has commercial or
   social value becomes a research hotspot . the innovation of this paper is to
   use the cost_benefit method to determine the value influencing factors of
   nev ' s battery second use , and use system dynamics to perform scenario
   simulation analysis . the methods used in this paper are the cost_benefit
   method and system dynamics method . firstly , this paper systematically
   analyzes the cost and benefit factors that affect the second use value of
   china ' s nev batteries and uses system dynamics to establish the
   relationship and value model among various factors . then , this paper
   compares the value of battery energy storage between old batteries and new
   batteries . according to the cost_income factor analysis , this paper
   eventually selects specific factors and uses vensim software to carry out
   the multi_scenario simulation . the results show that nev ' s battery second
   use has commercial and social value compared to new battery energy storage .
   moreover , battery cost , government subsidies , and electricity prices are
   three important factors that affect the second use value of china ' s nev
   battery . changing the government ' s cash subsidy methods , such as
   providing free batteries or combining new energy to reduce on_grid tariffs ,
   will help increase the second use value of the nev battery . in the future ,
   the second use value of china ' s nev battery industry will be more
   significant , with the update of the technology , the surge in the number of
   nev ' s used batteries , and government support . 2020 by the authors .
   licensee mdpi , basel , switzerland .
DE battery; energy storage; scenario simulation; second use; value
ID china; electric vehicle; electricity; energy storage; equipment; price
   determination; simulation; software

---

UT 832
AR Wang Z/4, 2010, PROC - INT CONF MANAG INNOV MANAG IND ENG ICIII, V2, P639,
   DOI 10.1109/ICIII.2010.319
TI Studies on brain drain of Jilin province based on system dynamics
AU Wang Z/4; Zhu B; Wang Y/16
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF MANAG INNOV MANAG IND ENG ICIII
PY 2010
AB a system evaluation model for the research of brain drain of jilin province
   was built based on the theory and methods of system dynamics and the complex
   socio_economic system . by virtue of vensim software and the branch vector
   determinant feedback loop method , several typical sd_based models were
   acquired , and the analysis results of dynamic complexity and dynamic
   feedback on vertical level were brought out . according to the results ,
   policy recommendations of adjusting the investment structure , smoothing the
   growth of investment on education , improving the investment on science were
   given out for government ' s decision_making . 2010 ieee .
DE brain drain; economy growth; investment; sd model
ID decision making; industrial engineering; information management; innovation;
   investments; system theory; analysis results; brain drain; dynamic
   complexity; dynamic feedback; economy growth; feedback loop; jilin province;
   sd model; socio-economic systems; system dynamics; system evaluation; theory
   and methods; economics

---

UT 833
AR Demczuk A, 2017, BIOMASS BIOENERGY, V97, P186, DOI
   10.1016/j.biombioe.2016.12.021
TI Using system dynamics modeling to evaluate the feasibility of ethanol supply
   chain in Brazil: The role of sugarcane yield, gasoline prices and sales tax
   rates
AU Demczuk A; Padula AD
TC 46
SO BIOMASS BIOENERGY
PY 2017
AB this paper explores how sugarcane yield , gasoline prices and sales tax
   rates affect the production and consumption of ethanol from sugarcane in
   brazil . the system dynamics model of the sugarcane and ethanol production
   chain explores the impact of these variables to evaluate the feasibility of
   ethanol production . using the vensim software different arrangements for
   sugarcane yield , gasoline prices and sales tax were simulated ( horizon of
   20 years ) . brazil ' s federal government policy of gasoline price below
   the international price and the diversity of state sales tax rates produce
   distortions in the ethanol market and impose considerable constraints on the
   development of the ethanol industry . the simulations show that to ensure
   the feasibility of ethanol production , the pump price of regular gasoline
   would need to be us $ 1.95 per liter , which is far higher than the us $
   1.26 per liter currently charged . public policies involving the
   liberalization of gasoline prices and the homogenization of the sales taxes
   on ethanol among the brazilian states could reduce the distortions caused by
   these policies . these policies could contribute to reduce uncertainty in
   the ethanol sector and encourage technological and productive investments .
   future research could add and evaluate the impacts of the environmental
   benefits of ethanol production and consumption ( carbon trade market ,
   payment for environmental services and bioelectricity production ) and of
   sugarcane byproducts on its feasibility . the sensitivity analysis revealed
   the effectiveness of the model to support policies and managerial
   decisionmaking process in the sugarcane ethanol sector . 2016 elsevier ltd
DE ethanol supply chain; feasibility; gasoline prices; sugarcane yield; system
   dynamics; tax rates
ID brazil; byproducts; carbon; costs; electrophysiology; energy policy;
   ethanol; gasoline; investments; public policy; sales; sensitivity analysis;
   supply chains; system theory; feasibility; gasoline prices; sugarcane yield;
   system dynamics; tax rates; biofuel; crop yield; ethanol; feasibility study;
   federal system; fuel consumption; liberalization; policy making; price
   dynamics; sensitivity analysis; software; sugar cane; supply chain
   management; tax system; taxation

---

UT 834
AR Boyko AA, 2018, J PHYS CONF SER, V1015, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1015/4/042006
TI Strategic planning toolset for reproduction of machinebuilding engines and
   equipment
AU Boyko AA; Kukartsev VV/1; Lobkov KY; Stupina AA
TC 22
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2018
AB this article illustrates a replica of a dynamic model of machine_building
   equipment . the model was designed on the basis of a ' system dynamics
   method ' including the powersim studio toolset . the given model provides
   the basis and delineates the reproduction process of equipment in its
   natural as well as appraisal forms . the presented model was employed as a
   tool to explore reproduction of a wide range of engines and equipment in
   machine_building industry . as a result of these experiments , a variety of
   reproducible options were revealed which include productive capacity and
   distribution of equipment among technology groups . the authors ' research
   concludes that the replica of the dynamic model designed by us has proved to
   be universal . this also opens the way for further research exploring a wide
   range of industrial equipment reproduction . published under license by iop
   publishing ltd .
ID construction industry; dynamic models; industrial research; information
   systems; industrial equipment; machine building; machine building industry;
   productive capacity; system dynamics; toolsets; engines

---

UT 835
AR Umeda JE, 2020, BRAZ ORAL RES, V34, DOI 10.1590/1807-3107BOR-2020.VOL34.0017
TI System dynamics modeling for tooth decay treatment in Brazilian children
AU Umeda JE; Chichakly K; Passos GF; Terada RSS; Pascotto RC; Fujimaki M
TC 5
SO BRAZ ORAL RES
PY 2020
AB prevention and health promotion are considered important strategies to
   control oral diseases . dental caries is preventable disease and remains the
   most common chronic disease that affects mainly low income children and
   still considered the main because of tooth loss in adulthood in brazil . the
   aim of this study is to present a system dynamics model ( sdm ) specifically
   developed with the stella architect software to estimate the cost and
   clinical hours required to control the evolution of dental caries in
   preschool children in maringa , brazil . two main strategies to control
   caries were considered in the model : the application of fluoride varnish on
   teeth presenting white spots , and the use of atraumatic restorative
   treatment ( art ) in cavitated carious lesions without pulp involvement .
   the parameters used in the model were : number of people covered by a local
   oral health team = 4,000. number of children up to 5 years = 7 % of the
   population . children ' s decayed , missing , filled teeth ( dmft ) index =
   2.4. time / cost of 4 applications of fluoride varnish = 5 minutes / us $
   0.716. and time / cost of each art restoration = 15 minutes / us $ 1.475.
   the sdm generated an estimated total cost of us $ 698.00 , and a total of
   112 clinical hours to treat the population in question . the use of the sdm
   presented here has the potential to assist decision making by measuring the
   material and human resources required to prevent and control dental caries
   at an early age . 2020 sociedade brasileira de hematologia e hemoterapia .
DE dental atraumatic restorative treatment; dental caries; dentists; systems
   analysis
ID brazil; child preschool; dental atraumatic restorative treatment; dental
   caries; dental materials; dmf index; female; fluorides topical; humans;
   male; software; systems analysis; time factors; dental material; fluoride
   varnish; atraumatic restorative treatment; brazil; dental caries; dmf index;
   economics; female; human; male; preschool child; procedures; software;
   system analysis; time factor

---

UT 836
AR Xue N, 2019, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V300, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/300/3/032069
TI Environmental and resource recovery efficiency assessment of the obsolete
   mobile phones recycling system
AU Xue N
TC 1
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2019
AB considering environmental protection and resource recovery efficiency , the
   building of low pollution and high efficiency for recycling system of
   obsolete mobile phones has been a huge issue . through system dynamics , the
   recycling model of obsolete mobile phone is built , which involving the
   recycling effect under different recycling situations between formal and
   informal recyclers . the vensim ple software is used to simulate and assess
   influence variables in the model . the results show that the formal
   recycling system can improve the efficiency of recovery and reuse or
   recycling of obsolete mobile phones . 2019 iop publishing ltd . all rights
   reserved .
ID cellular telephones; efficiency; environmental protection; recycling;
   sustainable development; high-efficiency; low pollution; recyclers;
   recycling systems; resource recovery; system dynamics; electronic waste

---

UT 837
AR Wang C/6, 2016, INT CONF LOGIST INFORMATICS SERV SCI LISS, DOI
   10.1109/LISS.2016.7854456
TI Research on the simulation model of the supply chain with the constraint of
   carbon emissions
AU Wang C/6; Zhang K; Mu D
TC 0
SO INT CONF LOGIST INFORMATICS SERV SCI LISS
PY 2016
AB in this paper , we study the coordination of the two_stage supply chain
   which composed of one manufacturer and one retailer . based on the
   hypothesis that demand will increase with the increase of emission reduction
   rate , we develop a model in which the manufacturer takes charge of the
   reduction of carbon emissions , and the retailer drives revenue_sharing
   contract . using vensim , the software of system dynamics , to simulate this
   model , we can see the relations among factors used in the supply chain
   model clearly . we make 4 plans to analysis the effect of the constraint of
   carbon emissions and revenue sharing coefficient on the profit of supply
   chain . finally the optimal emission reduction rate of the manufacturer and
   the best revenue sharing coefficient of the retailer is concluded . this
   method proposed can provide references for coordinating supply chains . 2016
   ieee
DE carbon emissions; revenue sharing; supply chain; system dynamics
ID carbon; emission control; manufacture; sales; carbon emissions; emission
   reduction; revenue sharing contracts; revenue sharing; simulation model;
   supply chain modeling; system dynamics; two-stage supply chains; supply
   chains

---

UT 838
AR [Anonymous], 2019, IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG, V536, DOI
   10.1088/1757-899X/536/1/012072
TI Planning A Village Waste Management System using System Dynamics Modelling
   and Simulation: TPS 3R Case Study in Aceh, Indonesia
TC 4
SO IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG
PY 2019
AB the increasing amount of waste every year leads to the increasing capacity
   load and the decreasing life cycle of the landfill . in banda aceh , the
   official landfill is no longer able to accommodate garbage by 2018 . thus ,
   in order to reduce the load on the landfill , waste reduction activities
   from sources must be conducted as mandated in the constitution uu no .18
   2008 . tps 3r ( waste processing facility reduce reuse recycle ) is
   introduced by ministry of public works as a waste management system from its
   source in villages . it has been planned to be built at several points in
   banda aceh villages , including rukoh . in order to achieve the target of
   waste reduction according to permen pu no .3 2013 and the government of aceh
   by 30 % in 2020 , the appropriate tps 3r specification is required to
   achieve such number . in this research , system dynamics modeling and
   simulation using software stella architect used to develop the best_case
   scenario for waste management system in rukoh village in the form of tps 3r
   . the main result is that the facility should be built with combination of 1
   unit of composter , 2 units of plastic counters , and minimum participation
   of 131 households . published under license by iop publishing ltd .
ID computer software; land fill; life cycle; system theory; aceh  indonesia;
   banda aceh; increasing capacities; system dynamics modeling; waste
   management systems; waste processing; waste reduction; rural areas

---

UT 839
AR Lan T-S, 2013, MATH PROBL ENG, V2013, DOI 10.1155/2013/298621
TI A study of developing a system dynamics model for the learning effectiveness
   evaluation
AU Lan T-S; Lan Y-H; Chen K-L; Chen P-C; Lin W-C
TC 10
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2013
AB this study used the research method of system dynamics and applied the
   vensim software to develop a learning effectiveness evaluation model . this
   study developed four because_and_effect chains affecting learning
   effectiveness , including teachers ' teaching enthusiasm , family
   involvement , school ' s implementation of scientific activities , and
   creative teaching method , as well as the system dynamics model based on the
   four because_and_effect chains . based on the developed system dynamic model
   , this study performed simulation to investigate the relationship among
   family involvement , learning effectiveness , teaching achievement ,
   creative teaching method , and students ' learning interest . the results of
   this study verified that there are positive correlations between family
   involvement and students ' learning effectiveness , as well as students '
   learning effectiveness and teachers ' teaching achievements . the results
   also indicated that the use of creative teaching method is able to increase
   students ' learning interest and learning achievement . 2013 tian_syung lan
   et al .
ID chains; system theory; teaching; learning achievement; learning
   effectiveness; positive correlations; research methods; scientific activity;
   system dynamic models; system dynamics model; vensim softwares; students

---

UT 840
AR Wu C, 2015, MATH PROBL ENG, V2015, DOI 10.1155/2015/502739
TI Model for Estimation Urban Transportation Supply-Demand Ratio
AU Wu C; Pei Y; Gao J/3
TC 19
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2015
AB the paper establishes an estimation model of urban transportation
   supply_demand ratio ( tsdr ) to quantitatively describe the conditions of an
   urban transport system and to support a theoretical basis for transport
   policy_making . this tsdr estimation model is supported by the system
   dynamic principle and the vensim ( an application that simulates the real
   system ) . it was accomplished by long_term observation of eight cities '
   transport conditions and by analyzing the estimated results of tsdr from
   fifteen sets of refined data . the estimated results indicate that an urban
   tsdr can be classified into four grades representing four transport
   conditions : ' ' scarce supply , ' ' ' ' short supply , ' ' ' '
   supply_demand balance , ' ' and ' ' excess supply . ' ' these results imply
   that transport policies or measures can be quantified to facilitate the
   process of ordering and screening them . 2015 chaoqun wu et al .
ID transportation; estimation models; long-term observations; real systems;
   supply-demand ratio; supply-demand balances; system dynamics; transport
   policy; urban transport systems; urban transportation

---

UT 841
AR Tung C-P, 2013, TAIWAN WATER CONSERV, V61, P1
TI The study of integrated assessment of regional water supply capacity under
   climate change
AU Tung C-P; Liu T-M; Li M-H; Hong N-M; Sung R-T; Lin C-Y; Tsao J-H
TC 1
SO TAIWAN WATER CONSERV
PY 2013
AB the capacity of water supply in the water resources system is neither just
   the quantity of the river discharge nor the summation of storage of the
   reservoirs . to estimate it reasonably , it must be considered with both
   demand side and supply side which includes the systematic combination of
   hydrology , climate , reservoirs , weirs , water treatment plants and others
   . due to climate change , the temporal distribution of precipitation might
   be changed in the future . the capacity of water supply might be affected
   with changing climate . this study used an integrated climate change impact
   assessment system_taiwap with the system dynamic model to establish the
   regional water resources system to analyze and approach the carrying
   capacity of water supply system in a case of kaohsiung water resources
   system . the impact assessments of climatic change with precipitation , flow
   discharge , and water supply capacity of the watersheds were done by using
   an integrated tool , taiwap , which consists of sres scenarios , weather
   generation model , gwlf hydrology model , and system dynamics model_vensim .
   the planned strategies for water supply system were also applied to evaluate
   the shortage of water supply capacity under climate change .
DE capacity of water supply; climate change; risk of water shortage; system
   dynamics
ID kaohsiung; taiwan; hydrology; system theory; water resources; water supply;
   water supply systems; climate change impact assessments; integrated
   assessment; regional water resources; system dynamic models; system
   dynamics; system dynamics model; water resources systems; water shortages;
   climate change; discharge; integrated approach; precipitation ( climatology
   ); risk assessment; river water; water planning; water resource; water
   supply; watershed; climate change

---

UT 842
AR Wang X-M, 2012, PROC INT CONF MANAG INNOV MANAG IND ENG ICIII, V3, P449
TI Study on evolution of 3E system in different economic growth speed - Taking
   Shandong as an example
AU Wang X-M; Sun J-F
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF MANAG INNOV MANAG IND ENG ICIII
PY 2012
AB based on the theories of system dynamics , the model of
   economy_energy_environmental system is constructed in which the
   relationships of each indicator in economy , energy , environmental systems
   are analyzed . with the statistical data of shandong province from 2001 to
   2010 , development results from 2011 to 2020 of shandong province 3e system
   are implied by using vensim software , and then , by altering some key
   indicators ' values , the development trends of shandong province 3e system
   in different development patterns are simulated . according to different
   characters of the development patterns , some countermeasures and
   suggestions are put forward . 2012 ieee .
DE 3e system; evolution; system dynamics; vensim
ID industrial engineering; information management; innovation; system theory;
   3e system; development results; development trends; economic growths;
   environmental systems; evolution; key indicator; shandong; shandong
   province; statistical datas; system dynamics; vensim; economics

---

UT 843
AR Wen Keat K, 2014, PROC - IEEE INT CONF SOLID-STATE INTEGR CIRCUIT TECHNOL
   ICSICT, DOI 10.1109/ICT4M.2014.7020679
TI Responsible tourism system dynamic planning model for rural area
AU Wen Keat K; Musa NB
TC 3
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF SOLID-STATE INTEGR CIRCUIT TECHNOL ICSICT
PY 2014
AB rural tourism has the potential to contribute significantly to the economic
   development of malaysia . however , like other forms of tourism ,
   sustainability is its main problem . responsible tourism ( rt ) is a new
   movement claims that could enhance sustainability in malaysia tourism
   industry . a dynamic simulation model has been developed to assist decision
   makers in rt development . lundu is chosen as a destination in structuring
   the causal loop diagram to help understand the dynamic relationship between
   environment , tourism and local population . a simulation model is designed
   using mathematical equations in the causal loop diagram . in this model ,
   several scenarios were used to analyze the data obtained and results
   generated were being analyzed . validation of the model in usability is done
   by a few tourism research officers . key indicators were refined to improve
   the effectiveness and consistency . this study shows that system dynamic
   modeling is an effective and powerful tool to help understand the complex
   tourism system by presenting a comprehensive picture . it is hoped that this
   model will help policy makers in the decision making to achieve desirable
   outcomes . 2014 ieee .
DE sustainability sustainable tourism; system dynamic; tourism; vensim
ID decision making; rural areas; sustainable development; causal loop diagrams;
   economic development; mathematical equations; sustainable tourism; system
   dynamic modeling; system dynamics; tourism; vensim; dynamic models

---

UT 844
AR Zhang X/7, 2019, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P182, DOI 10.1145/3357292.3357323
TI TRA-SD based modelling and simulation to assess the impact of shared bicycle
   on urban traffic system
AU Zhang X/7; Ding Y/1; Cao Y/1
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2019
AB this paper intends to build a coupling model of urban green traffic emission
   reduction considering public ' s green travel behavior based on theory of
   planned behavior . then a sd ( system dynamics ) model is constructed based
   on causal analysis and feedback loop structure considering people ' s travel
   behavior choice and the personal factors . the corresponding weight of
   personal factors was calculated by bp neural network . the sd model was
   tested on vensim_ple software with the data from shanghai , china . the
   results show that shanghai should maintain the promotion of new energy
   vehicles and actively introduce new green means of transportation to improve
   the sustainability of the transportation system . 2019 association for
   computing machinery .
DE bpnn; sd; travel behavior causal; vensim ple
ID backpropagation; emission control; information management; software testing;
   bpnn; corresponding weights; feedback loop structure; means of
   transportations; theory of planned behavior; transportation system; travel
   behaviors; vensim ple; behavioral research

---

UT 845
AR Jia S, 2019, ENERGY POLIC, V125, P33, DOI 10.1016/j.enpol.2018.10.012
TI Effect of APCF policy on the haze pollution in China: A system dynamics
   approach
AU Jia S; Liu X/8; Yan G
TC 40
SO ENERGY POLIC
PY 2019
AB to study the effect of the air pollution charging fee ( apcf ) policy on the
   haze pollution in china , a dynamics management model is constructed with
   the approach of system dynamics and implemented by using the vensim software
   . this model is used to simulate and assess the effect of apcf policy on the
   traffic and the emissions ( particularly carbon monoxide ( co ) ,
   hydrocarbons ( hc ) , nitrogen oxides ( nox ) , and particulate matter ( pm
   ) ) in beijing during the years 20112025 in different scenarios . the
   validity and the robustness of the model are verified by a model test and
   validation , and a reasonable range of apcf is determined by using a
   sensitivity analysis . the simulation results showed that the apcf policy
   effectively realized the ' ' win_win ' ' scenario of emission reduction and
   congestion release . in particular , the simulation results also indicated
   some policy effects such as rebound effect ( from low_apcf policy ) ,
   inflection_point effect ( from high_apcf policy ) , and marginal decreasing
   effect ( between moderate and high_apcf policy ) . these results provide
   some valid policy recommendations for energy management and emission
   reduction . 2018 elsevier ltd
DE haze pollution; inflection-point effect; rebound effects; system dynamics;
   vehicle emissions
ID beijing [ china ]; china; carbon monoxide; emission control; nitrogen
   oxides; sensitivity analysis; haze pollutions; inflection points; rebound
   effect; system dynamics; vehicle emission; atmospheric pollution; carbon
   monoxide; environmental economics; haze; hydrocarbon; nitrogen oxides;
   particulate matter; policy analysis; pollution policy; pollution tax;
   traffic emission; system theory

---

UT 846
AR Akinyemi OO, 2016, INT J RELIAB SAF, V10, P158, DOI 10.1504/IJRS.2016.078387
TI Modelling uncertainty in runway safety intervention performance evaluation
AU Akinyemi OO; Adebiyi KA
TC 2
SO INT J RELIAB SAF
PY 2016
AB the uncertainty surrounding the occurrence of runway accidents and the
   generally accepted proactive performance indicator for runway safety
   activities are rarely reported . this study presents the uncertainty
   associated with runway accident occurrence and evaluates the performance of
   runway safety activities . runway accident hazards were modeled using the
   bayesian belief network . this was integrated into a system dynamics stock
   and flow diagram . system dynamics software vensim was used to validate the
   model . data spanning ten operational years were collected from the federal
   aviation authority , nigeria , to estimate parameters for model
   implementation . six runway accident hazards representing the parent nodes
   with two states each were modeled . the child node was runway accident with
   two states , namely yes and no . the bayesian probability of occurrence of
   runway accident was obtained . in all , 23 runway safety quantities were
   identified . runway safety intervention performance measures were the
   average number of runway accidents caused , average number of runway
   accidents prevented , runway safety benefit / loss and the runway safety
   intervention investments ' breakeven point . the study shows that the hybrid
   model developed can serve as a useful tool to evaluate the behavior and
   performance of runway safety . copyright 2016 inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE bayesian; runway safety; system dynamics; uncertainty
ID accidents; bayesian networks; hazards; system theory; bayesian; bayesian
   probabilities; federal aviation authorities; model implementation;
   performance indicators; runway safety; system dynamics; uncertainty;
   uncertainty analysis

---

UT 847
AR Li X/5, 2012, SHENGTAI XUEBAO ACTA ECOL SIN, V32, P2965, DOI
   10.5846/stxb201104250542
TI Landscape aesthetic assessment based on experiential paradigm assessment
   technology
AU Li X/5; Hua L
TC 5
SO SHENGTAI XUEBAO ACTA ECOL SIN
PY 2012
AB as urbanization rapidly advances around the globe , there is a simultaneous
   increase in human welfare and an increase in resource and environmental
   burdens . in 2008 , the world ' s urban population exceeded its rural
   population for the first time in history , and urban areas have entered the
   spotlight in various conflicts between humans and nature . research into
   solving urban problems has thus become key to the reconciliation of many
   such conflicts . as the world ' s second_largest economy , china is a
   rapidly developing country , and it is affected by many kinds of urban
   problems . such problems are likely to become exacerbated and more complex .
   statistics indicate that urbanization in china has rapidly increased from 17
   . 92 % at the beginning of its reform and opening_up in 1978 to 46.6 % in
   2009 . in the process , urban settlements have undergone transformation in
   terms of large scale , fast pace of restructuring , and diversification . to
   study the changes in efficiency before and after this urban transformation
   took place has great implications for establishing sustainable human
   settlement in china . urban metabolism studies , which are considered an
   important approach toward building sustainablecities and improving the urban
   operational efficiency , are a suitable means of investigating the effects
   of settlement transformation on urban metabolic efficiency . through a
   literature review of settlements , settlement forms , and morphological
   analysis , typical urban settlement forms have been identified in this study
   as old neighborhood , traditional welfare neighborhood , average commercial
   neighborhood , modern commercial neighborhood , and peri_urban neighborhood
   . using a functional classification method , an urban metabolic system
   classification framework was designed as the basis for developing a dynamic
   model for an urban metabolic system . through model simulation , the changes
   in efficiency can be analyzed as one typical settlement form transforms into
   another . xiamen in china was selected for the case study area , and a
   questionnaire interview was used to collect the data : 44 neighborhoods were
   chosen for the questionnaire interview , and 1482 responses were received .
   emergy analysis was applied to calculate the efficiency of different
   settlement forms . vensim software was used to monitor the effect of
   settlement transformation on the dynamic model for the urban metabolic
   efficiency system , and four scenarios were designed in connection with
   development patterns in china . through scenario simulation , the following
   findings were made . generally , all settlement_transformation processes
   increase welfare efficiency . however , in most cases negative trends in
   overall urban material metabolic efficiency appeared , with declines in
   transport efficiency and housing efficiency being the main reasons . the
   highest growth in welfare efficiency appeared in the scenario of an old
   neighborhood transforming into a traditional welfare neighborhood , but it
   was accompanied with the largest fall in overall urban metabolic efficiency
   . although there was the least welfare_efficiency improvement in the
   scenario of an old neighborhood transforming into a peri_urban neighborhood
   , it was the only scenario in which the overall urban metabolic efficiency
   increased_and by a large margin . in the scenario of an average commercial
   neighborhood transforming into a modern commercial neighborhood , the
   decline in the overall urban metabolic efficiency and increase in welfare
   efficiency were both moderate . this was a typical transformation model
   whereby consumption was traded for welfare . similarly , in the scenario of
   a peri_urban neighborhood transforming into a modern commercial neighborhood
   , there was an average increase in welfare efficiency and an average
   decrease in overall urban metabolic efficiency . the scenario of an old
   neighborhood transforming into a peri_urban neighborhood was the only
   scenario in which the overall urban material metabolic efficiency increased
   . in the scenario of a peri_urban neighborhood and average commercial
   neighborhood transforming into a modern commercial neighborhood , the
   increase in welfare efficiency and decrease in overall urban material
   metabolic efficiency were both moderate .
DE settlement metabolic efficiency; settlement transformation; system dynamics;
   urban metabolism
ID china; fujian; xiamen; emergy; environmental impact; esthetics; experimental
   study; housing conditions; human settlement; landscape structure; literature
   review; material flow analysis; nature-society relations; neighborhood;
   peri-urban area; questionnaire survey; sustainable development; urban
   morphology; urban population; urban transport; urbanization; welfare impact

---

UT 848
AR Dai T, 2020, INT J TECHNOL POLIC MANAG, V20, P214, DOI
   10.1504/IJTPM.2020.109781
TI Study on investment return system of PPP wastewater treatment projects based
   on system dynamics
AU Dai T; Wang Q/4; Sun X/1; Shi B
TC 1
SO INT J TECHNOL POLIC MANAG
PY 2020
AB this paper aims to study on investment return system of public_private
   partnership ( ppp ) wastewater treatment projects based on system dynamics .
   on the basis of the analysis of the factors influencing the value for money
   ( vfm ) evaluation and the prediction system of the rate of return on
   investment , a system dynamics method is used to establish a prediction
   model for investment income based on vfm quantitative evaluation . the
   software of vensim ple is used to simulate the newly built ppp wastewater
   treatment project . results show that the selection of discount rate and ppp
   project ' s transaction cost have significant effect on the vfm and the
   present value and the rate of return on investment in the franchise period .
   this study can be used as a reference for the fair and equitable cooperation
   between the government and the private business . copyright 2020
   inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE investment income; ppp; public-private partnership; system dynamics; value
   for money; vfm; wastewater treatment projects
ID costs; earnings; economic analysis; investments; predictive analytics;
   profitability; reclamation; system theory; investment returns; prediction
   model; prediction systems; public-private partnerships; quantitative
   evaluation; system dynamics; transaction cost; value for monies; wastewater
   treatment

---

UT 849
AR Zargar SM, 2018, IRAN J INFO PRO MANAG, V33, P1527
TI From implementation of service-oriented architecture to organizational
   agility by system dynamics modeling approach
AU Zargar SM
TC 0
SO IRAN J INFO PRO MANAG
PY 2018
AB service_oriented architecture is a kind of organizational architecture which
   uses services with the aim of simplification , and implementation of
   integration activities . companies to survive in the dynamic environment
   need to strengthen their organizations through information systems .
   service_oriented architecture is a way for the integration and effectiveness
   of the use of information systems and achieve organizational agility . in
   this paper after reviewing the literature and previous researches ,
   variables that affect the implementation of service_oriented architecture
   and organizational agility are extracted afterwards , system dynamics
   approach were used for designing a model which indicates dynamics of
   service_oriented architecture and their contribution to organizational
   agility . the validity of the model was confirmed by evaluation methods in
   dynamics model by using vensim software . finally , based on different
   scenarios of proposed variables , various scenarios designed and their
   implementations were simulated . the results showed increased investing to
   enhance system security , increased rate of return on investment influence
   on the implementation of service_oriented architecture and increasing the
   level of implementation of service_oriented architecture by dynamic
   mechanism increased accountability and organizational agility . 2018 iranian
   research institute for scientific information and documentation . all rights
   reserved .
DE organization agility; service-oriented architecture; system dynamics

---

UT 850
AR Shamsuddoha M, 2013, PROC WINTER SIMUL CONF - SIMUL MAK DECIS COMPLEX WORLD
   WSC, P1824, DOI 10.1109/WSC.2013.6721563
TI A system dynamics approach for poultry operation to achieve additional
   benefits
AU Shamsuddoha M; Quaddus M; Klass D
TC 6
SO PROC WINTER SIMUL CONF - SIMUL MAK DECIS COMPLEX WORLD WSC
PY 2013
AB poultry generates various wastes such as litter , reject and broken eggs ,
   intestines , waste feeds , feather and culled birds . most of the farm
   owners do not utlize these wastes for further by_product generation .
   without profitability , farmers do not reuse their waste . system dynamics
   along with simulation is a tool that can be used to forecast the feasibility
   of waste and by_products generation . in this paper , we present a poultry
   model grounded on system dynamics to determine the interaction among factors
   in the system using a software package , vensim . a case poultry industy in
   the city of chittagong , bangladesh was selected to conduct the study . the
   objectives of this paper are twofold . first , it develops a qualitative
   model on poultry operation . second , it constructs a simulation model to
   explore possible opportunities available by recycling poultry wastes within
   the same poultry operation . 2013 ieee .

---

UT 851
AR Yan H-S, 2011, EUR J OPER RES, V208, P243, DOI 10.1016/j.ejor.2010.09.005
TI Competitive diffusion process of repurchased products in knowledgeable
   manufacturing
AU Yan H-S; Ma K-P
TC 29
SO EUR J OPER RES
PY 2011
AB this paper presents a diffusion model to explain the competitive diffusion
   of the repurchased products in knowledgeable manufacturing . the acute
   market competition accelerates the products ' improvement , which requires
   that the manufacturing enterprises be highly capable of rapid reaction by
   means of knowledgeable manufacturing . to forecast the diffusion behavior
   effectively enables the realization of knowledgeable manufacturing system (
   kms ) which targets t ( time ) , q ( quality ) , c ( cost ) , s ( service )
   , and e ( environment ) . various diffusion models have emerged since bass
   model was firstly proposed in 1969 . a nonlinear model of the repurchased
   competitive products is proposed on the basis of the product diffusion
   analysis . by taking the frequently purchased products as example , the
   stability of the model is examined in light of the qualitative theory of
   differential equations and proved by the approximate linearization method .
   as the qualitative analysis reveals , between the two frequently purchased
   products competing in the same market , one undoubtedly occupies a fixed
   market share while the other may finally be eliminated from the market . a
   special case of the problem is that both products are one_time_purchased .
   with the corresponding model given , the qualitative analysis shows that
   either of the products occupies a market share , the size of which is
   determined by the product ' s competitive strength and the new product ' s
   time_to_market . a system dynamics model is then established and simulated
   by vensim . the result is consistent with that of the qualitative analysis .
   2010 elsevier b.v . all rights reserved .
DE competitive diffusion; knowledgeable manufacturing; marketing; productivity
   and competitiveness; stability
ID commerce; competition; computer simulation; differential equations;
   diffusion; productivity; sales; bass model; competitive diffusion; diffusion
   behavior; diffusion model; diffusion process; knowledgeable manufacturing;
   knowledgeable manufacturing system; linearization methods; manufacturing
   enterprise; market competition; market share; new product; nonlinear model;
   product diffusion; qualitative analysis; rapid reactions; system dynamics
   model; time-to-market; quality control

---

UT 852
AR Feng X, 2012, ADV MATER RES, V433-440, P2730, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMR.433-440.2730
TI Study on inventory management system dynamics model of successive
   manufacturing enterprises
AU Feng X; Jia H; Feng Q/2
TC 0
SO ADV MATER RES
PY 2012
AB this paper is based on the analyzing the features and the questions of
   inventory management of successive manufacturing enterprises , using the
   inventory management theory and the system dynamics theory , on the
   assumption of combining actual situation of inventory management of hongyu
   corporation , analyzes the relations of kinds of factors which affect the
   inventory management , using the system dynamics method , establishes the
   causality graph of kinds factors which affect the inventory management in
   hongyu corporation , including the causality graph of cooperation part
   inventory management , semi products inventory management , profit and the
   whole inventory management in hongyu corporation . based on the causality
   graphs , the paper establishes the system dynamics model of inventory
   management of hongyu corporation . the system dynamics model of inventory
   management in hongyu corporation which was built in this paper is accurate
   and steady , especially satisfied to the practical production of hongyu
   corporation and successive manufacturing enterprises , it greatly helps to
   raise the inventory management level of hongyu corporation , so this model
   has great significance in both theory and reality for inventory management
   of successive manufacturing enterprises . ( 2012 ) trans tech publications ,
   switzerland .
DE inventory management; simulation; successive manufacturing enterprises;
   system dynamics; vensim software
ID computer simulation; industry; information management; information
   technology; manufacture; materials science; profitability; system theory;
   inventory management; inventory management systems; manufacturing
   enterprise; practical production; simulation; successive manufacturing
   enterprises; system dynamics; system dynamics model; inventory control

---

UT 853
AR Mishra MK, 2015, ENERGY STRATEG REV, V7, P29, DOI 10.1016/j.esr.2015.03.001
TI Scenario analysis of the CO2 emissions reduction potential through clean
   coal technology in India's power sector: 2014-2050
AU Mishra MK; Khare N; Agrawal AB
TC 38
SO ENERGY STRATEG REV
PY 2015
AB the aim of this study is to explore the co2 emission reduction potential
   through clean coal technology in india ' s power sector . a simulation model
   of india ' s coal_fired power sector based on system dynamics methodology (
   vensim dss platform ) investigates three growth scenarios for coal_fired
   plants until the year 2050 . three further scenarios consider the market
   penetration of clean coal technology to investigate co2 emission reduction
   until 2050 for each of the growth scenarios . our analysis indicates that
   clean coal technology has significant potential for reducing co2 emissions
   from india ' s power sector by accelerating the development of clean coal
   technology . the future coal demand and coal import requirements for india
   under different growth scenarios of coal_fired power plants have also been
   estimated in this study . the study suggests that coal demand and
   importation from india will increase at a faster pace in the coming decades
   . according to ipcc ' s latest assessment report , co2 emissions must be
   reduced by between 40 % and 70 % by 2050 from the 2010 level to limit the
   global temperature rise to two degrees centigrade relative to pre_industrial
   levels . projected carbon emissions in this work from india ' s coal_fired
   power plants would exceed their share in global emissions assumed in the
   ipcc ' s latest assessment . our model simulation indicates that only co2
   capture and storage have the potential to reduce the emissions level from
   india ' s coal_fired plants to the desired level in the report . 2015
   elsevier ltd .
ID carbon dioxide; coal; coal fueled furnaces; coal storage; emission control;
   industrial emissions; clean coal technologies; coal-fired power plant;
   emission reduction; emission reduction potentials; emissions reduction;
   global temperatures; market penetration; pre-industrial levels; fossil fuel
   power plants

---

UT 854
AR Dong Y/3, 2018, INFECT DIS POVER, V7, DOI 10.1186/s40249-018-0511-7
TI Role of ecological approaches to eliminating schistosomiasis in Eryuan
   County evaluated by system modeling
AU Dong Y/3; Du C-H; Zhang Y/9; Wang L-F; Song J; Wu M-S; Yang W-C; Lv S; Zhou
   X-N/1
TC 14
SO INFECT DIS POVER
PY 2018
AB background : schistosomiasis was severely prevalent in yunnan province , and
   it is difficult to achieve its elimination by convention approaches due to
   complexity of the nature . we explored the comprehensive model to eliminate
   schistosomiasis in eryuan county , yunnan province , the people ' s republic
   of china , through integration with the ecological protection program in
   erhai lake , in order to promote an efficient elimination strategy . we
   expected that this model is able to be tailored to other local settings ,
   which help achieve the goal of precisely eliminating the disease in yunnan
   province . methods : eryuan county of yunnan province was chosen as the
   study area , where the data on environmental protection activities in erhai
   lake and on the schistosomiasis control program were collected through
   different departments of erhai county government since 2015 . system
   modeling was performed using system dynamics software to establish a
   simulation model in order to evaluate the effectiveness of intervention
   activities . results : ecological approaches to control schistosomiasis in
   eryuan county consist of three major components : ( i ) implementing precise
   interventions to stop schistosomiasis transmission by means of controlling
   the source of infection , blocking the biological transmission chains and
   cutting off the route of disease transmission . ( ii ) employing ecological
   approaches to improve the co_effectiveness of environmental protection and
   schistosomiasis prevention in the study area . and ( iii ) strengthening the
   professional skills of personnel involving in the schistosomiasis control
   program . simulation results showed that this strategy could speed up the
   progress of schistosomiasis control program moving from the control stage to
   the elimination stage . conclusions : ecological approaches implemented in
   schistosomiasis endemic areas of the eryuan region are able to improve the
   co_effectiveness of environmental protection and schistosomiasis control ,
   providing a new avenue for eliminating schistosomiasis thanks to the
   application of precise interventions . 2018 the author ( s ) .
DE china; ecological protection; elimination; eryuan county; schistosomiasis;
   system modeling; transmission block; yunnan province
ID animals; china; communicable disease control; disease eradication;
   ecosystem; humans; models biological; schistosoma japonicum; schistosomiasis
   japonica; article; china; disease clearance; disease transmission; ecology;
   ecosystem restoration; endemic disease; environmental protection; feces
   analysis; habitat; health care planning; health education; health program;
   hemagglutination; hemagglutination test; human; infection control;
   irrigation ( agriculture ); mathematical model; nonhuman; oncomelania;
   prevalence; priority journal; public health; public health service; risk
   factor; sanitation; schistosomiasis; schistosomiasis japonica; simulation;
   system remodeling; animal; biological model; communicable disease control;
   disease eradication; ecosystem; organization and management; procedures;
   schistosoma japonicum; schistosomiasis japonica

---

UT 855
AR Caballini C, 2012, PROC - INT CONF SYST SYST ENG SOSE, P191, DOI
   10.1109/SYSoSE.2012.6384155
TI The port as a system of systems: A system dynamics simulation approach
AU Caballini C; Sacone S; Siri S
TC 15
SO PROC - INT CONF SYST SYST ENG SOSE
PY 2012
AB the particular complexity that characterizes a maritime port makes it
   belonging to the category of a system of systems . in fact , the functioning
   of a port is made possible thanks to the interaction of numerous subsystems
   , which in turn depend on other systems . the goal of the present paper is
   to provide a description of a port as a system of systems and to model and
   simulate the port rail process in some italian container terminals , by
   using the software powersim studio , implementing the system dynamics
   methodology . ' ' what_if ' ' scenarios have been tested with the objective
   of underlining the system bottlenecks and proposing improvement suggestions
   . 2012 ieee .
DE ports simulation; rail transportation; scenario analysis; system dynamics;
   system of systems
ID system theory; ports simulation; rail transportation; scenario analysis;
   system dynamics; system of systems; systems engineering

---

UT 856
AR Yang B/1, 2012, APPL MECH MATER, V157-158, P1212, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.157-158.1212
TI Research on multilevel inventory control of FMCG industry based on system
   dynamics
AU Yang B/1; Li S; Zhang C/1
TC 1
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2012
AB in this paper , the method of system dynamics is applied for the supply
   chain inventory management in fmcg industry . based on the analysis of
   three_level supply chain inventory control loop , this paper establishes
   system dynamic models related profits and the service level of 2 and 3_level
   supply chain . after testing the validity of the model , the writer does
   some simulation through the system dynamics software vensim . in addition ,
   the model and simulation described in the paper are highly understandable
   and practicable , and thus have a very good prospect of application . ( 2012
   ) trans tech publications , switzerland .
DE fmcg; inventory control; supply chain; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; profitability; software testing; supply chains; system
   theory; 3 levels; fmcg; industry based; inventory management; model and
   simulation; service levels; system dynamic models; system dynamics; three-
   level; inventory control

---

UT 857
AR Wan Z, 2012, JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG, V18, P1093
TI Bullwhip effect in closed-loop supply chain based on system dynamics
AU Wan Z; Li C-B
TC 11
SO JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG
PY 2012
AB to analyze the influence of reverse logistics for bullwhip effect in
   closed_loop supply chain , four level closed_loop supply model was built by
   using system dynamics ( sd ) and vensim software . through changing the
   simulation of return proportion , recycling products remanufacturing
   proportion and delay recovery , the fact that reverse logistics could weak
   the bullwhip effects of forward logistics was proved . if the return
   proportion was higher , the number of nodes of recycling and manufacturing
   was less . if the delay recovery was shorter , the effect of reverse
   logistics for bullwhip effect was more obvious .
DE bullwhip effect; closed-loop supply chains; reverse logistics; system
   dynamics
ID linear matrix inequalities; recycling; supply chains; system theory;
   bullwhip effects; closed-loop; closed-loop supply chain; forward logistics;
   recycling products; reverse logistics; system dynamics; logistics

---

UT 858
AR Zhang S-Y, 2013, BINGGONG XUEBAO, V34, P67
TI Modeling and simulation of mobilization potential system of national economy
   mobilization center
AU Zhang S-Y; Kong Z-J
TC 0
SO BINGGONG XUEBAO
PY 2013
AB the system dynamics modeling method is used to establish a model of
   mobilization potential system by taking the mobilization potential system as
   a research object according to the characteristics of the national economy
   mobilization center . the established model is used to make a simulation
   test , and verify the validity of the model . the mobilization potential
   system of national economy mobilization center is simulated by using the
   simulation software ithink under the abnormal condition . the simulation
   results show that the model reflects well the characteristics of emergency
   supplies system . the expected results are achieved in the simulation
   experiment .
DE management engineering; mobilization potential; national economy
   mobilization center; simulation
ID computer software; abnormal conditions; management engineering; mobilization
   potential; model and simulation; national economy; simulation; simulation
   software ithink; system dynamics model; computer simulation

---

UT 859
AR Martínez-Marín S, 2020, SOC SCI, V9, DOI 10.3390/socsci9020012
TI Cluster competitiveness modeling: An approach with systems dynamics
AU Martínez-Marín S; Puello-Pereira N; Ovallos-Gazabon D
TC 8
SO SOC SCI
PY 2020
AB this study makes a systemic review to cluster and create a competitiveness
   relationship considering a systems dynamics approach . a dynamic hypothesis
   was constructed to validate what factors increase a cluster ' s level of
   competitiveness , through causal analysis . then , the causal diagram that
   validates the dynamic h0 hypothesis was constructed in vensim ple systems .
   literature review shows the evolution of the cluster system according to the
   current needs of the market , and emphasizes the need for new approaches and
   models that capture the complexity and dynamics of this system , allowing
   the understanding of its structure and the evaluation of the contribution of
   factors and capabilities to cluster competitiveness . it highlights the
   usefulness of systems dynamics as a simulation methodology for dynamic and
   complex systems , and establishes itself as a growing line of research
   applied to various systems of study . dynamic hypothesis h0 was validated
   using the causal diagram , reaching the conclusion that innovation ,
   productive management , financial management , organizational management ,
   commercial management , and cluster management factors positively increase
   the cluster competitiveness level . from structure analysis , the behavior
   is associated to the archetype ' ' path dependence ' ' , usual in growing
   industrial markets . 2020 by the authors .
DE causal diagram; cluster; competitiveness; dynamic hypothesis; system
   dynamics

---

UT 860
AR Lu Y/1, 2020, J PHYS CONF SER, V1549, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1549/2/022141
TI Research on the Recycling Model of Waste Mobile Phone Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Lu Y/1
TC 1
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2020
AB mobile phone replacement is accelerating , the waste of mobile phone will
   not only because a lot of waste of resources , after the simple landfill ,
   the heavy metal infiltration into the soil , rivers and groundwater , but
   also soil and water pollution , bring serious harm to the animals and plants
   in contact with the soil and water . efficient and standardized recycling of
   increasingly used mobile phones has become an urgent social problem to be
   solved . the emergence and continuous improvement of ' ' internte plus ' '
   recycling mode of used mobile phones make it possible to solve this problem
   . on the various influence factors of recovery efficiency , and their
   relations on the basis of the analysis of building ' ' internte plus ' ' old
   cell phone recycling model of system dynamics model , using vensim software
   to draw causal loop diagram and in view of the old cell phone recycling
   price , information security and logistics cost effect on the recovery mode
   efficiency is analyzed . research shows that information security is the
   most important factor affecting the efficiency of ' ' internte plus ' '
   waste mobile phone recycling model . published under license by iop
   publishing ltd .
ID cellular telephones; groundwater; groundwater pollution; groundwater
   resources; heavy metals; mobile security; molecular biology; recycling;
   river pollution; security of data; soils; system theory; causal loop
   diagrams; continuous improvements; metal infiltration; model of systems;
   recovery efficiency; vensim softwares; waste mobile phone; waste of
   resources; electronic waste

---

UT 861
AR Babajide S, 2018, ADV SCI ENG TECHNOL INT CONF ASET, P1, DOI
   10.1109/ICASET.2018.8376780
TI A system dynamics model of the Nigerian electricity system
AU Babajide S; Moumouni Y; Abiodun M; Adamou R
TC 1
SO ADV SCI ENG TECHNOL INT CONF ASET
PY 2018
AB policy guides decision . this paper examines policy in the nigerian electric
   power sector ( neps ) to cut transmission losses ( tl ) and improve capacity
   factor ( cf ) to 5 % and 90 % , respectively . a system dynamics ( sd )
   model developed in stella software package was employed to analyze this
   policy . secondary data were sourced from : a ) national control center (
   ncc ) . b ) nigeria electricity regulatory commission ( nerc ) . and c )
   national bureau of statistics ( nbs ) . two scenarios were considered , the
   pre_privatized and improved scenarios . results showed that at tl of 5 % and
   cf of 90 % i ) electricity outages would be reduced by about 17.84 % from
   2010 to 2050 . ii ) over the study period a capacity of 473 mw ( about 94.6
   mw / year ) would be fed back into the system . iii ) transmission losses of
   3,400 gwh would have been curtailed by 2050 . and iv ) cutting down tl and
   improving cf alone in neps will not totally curtail electricity outages and
   deficiencies in neps . therefore , the study recommends that increasing
   generating capacity ( mw ) would go a long way in curbing electricity
   deficiencies . renewable energy sources could be a better choice . further
   studies are recommended in this regard . it was proven by the study that a
   system dynamics modeling approach is suitable for examining long_term
   behavior and dynamic feedback in nigeria ' s electricity sector . 2018 ieee
   .
DE capacity factor; nigeria; stella; system dynamics; transmission losses
ID electric losses; outages; privatization; renewable energy resources; wave
   transmission; capacity factors; nigeria; stella; system dynamics;
   transmission loss; system theory

---

UT 862
AR Nachimuthu K, 2013, POLLUT RES, V32, P893
TI Economic analysis of road accident cost for Chennai City, India
AU Nachimuthu K; Partheeban P
TC 2
SO POLLUT RES
PY 2013
AB road accidents and its causes are the major problem of the human life in
   modem world . the accidents affect the human and world economic status .
   this paper deals with prediction of road accident cost estimation for
   chennai city using system simulation model . in this study , the simulation
   road accident cost prediction model is developed from the base year 2010 .
   chennai city road accident data was collected from 2006 to 2012 from chennai
   city traffic police . in this research an attempt is made to identify the
   various factors such as unit cost of fatal accident , vehicle damages and
   future consumption loss . the road accident cost prediction model was
   developed using stella software . the outcome of the study is highly useful
   for the retrieval of road accidents cost for chennai . cpoyrightcopyright
   them international .
DE road accidents; system dynamics; total cost; unit cost
ID chennai; india; tamil nadu; accident; cost benefit analysis; damage;
   prediction; road transport; socio-economic status; software

---

UT 863
AR Kunsch PL, 2012, FUZZY CONTROL SYST, P49
TI Application of fuzzy control to system dynamics modelling
AU Kunsch PL
TC 0
SO FUZZY CONTROL SYST
PY 2012
AB the origin of uncertainties in system dynamics ( sd ) modeling is to be
   found in the vagueness and imprecision in the knowledge of the system under
   focus . this chapter analyzes an advanced sd approach based on techniques
   pertaining to fuzzy control . the aim is to have enhanced pro_active
   capabilities for planning and control of decision processes . when preparing
   a sd model one has to take care of uncertainties affecting technical
   parameters , initial conditions and the quantification of the influence
   links between the variables . these links are usually represented by
   analytical functions , or by means of lookup tables . in the present chapter
   fuzzy techniques are proposed to deal with these uncertainties . technical
   parameters and initials conditions are represented by fuzzy sets
   corresponding to vagueness statements . influence links between variables
   are represented either by algebraic operations combining ordinary and fuzzy
   numbers , or by sets of logical rules replacing lookup tables . it is shown
   how the fuzzy_control formulation can be easily implemented by using the
   sensitivity tools available in sd simulation codes , like vensim dss . the
   use of this fuzzy approach is demonstrated by means of a fishery management
   problem . 2012 nova science publishers , inc . all rights reserved .

---

UT 864
AR Ding Z, 2018, J CLEAN PROD, V176, P676, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2017.12.101
TI A system dynamics-based environmental benefit assessment model of
   construction waste reduction management at the design and construction
   stages
AU Ding Z; Zhu M; Tam VWY/1; Yi G; Tran CNN
TC 226
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2018
AB construction waste generation and its environmental impact reduction have
   become an urgent issue to be solved with the acceleration of urbanization
   process in china . however , limited research has been conducted to cover
   both the design stage and the construction stage such that the overall
   construction waste reduction outcome could be comprehensively assessed .
   based on interview data and literature review , vensim software was used to
   build a two_stage environmental benefit assessment system dynamics ( sd )
   model which covered construction waste reduction management subsystem ,
   waste generation and disposal subsystem , and environmental benefit
   assessment subsystem . simulation results highlight that the reduction
   management can reduce 40.63 % of waste generation . in the meantime , the
   reduction management achieves good environmental benefits including the
   reduction of greenhouse_gas emissions of 12,623.30 kg , saving waste
   landfill of 3901.05 m3 and reducing the use of public vacant site for the
   illegal dumping of 688.42 m3 . the simulation results demonstrate that the
   dynamic model could assess the environmental benefits of construction waste
   reduction effectively at the design and the construction stage . this
   research can provide insight to the design and construction professionals
   for waste reduction measures such as prefabricated components application ,
   reduced design modification at the design stage , on_site sorting and
   material reuse at the construction stage , and to provide references for
   governments in assessing the reduction management outcomes of construction
   projects and the environmental benefits . 2017 elsevier ltd
DE construction waste minimization; design and construction stage;
   environmental benefits; system dynamics
ID conservation; environmental impact; environmental management; environmental
   protection; gas emissions; greenhouse gasses; information management; system
   theory; waste disposal; waste management; construction projects;
   construction waste generations; construction wastes; design and
   construction; design modifications; environmental benefits; prefabricated
   components; system dynamics; project management

---

UT 865
AR Fisher D, 2017, MATH ENTHUS, V14, P347
TI Reorganizing algebraic thinking: An introduction to dynamic system modeling
AU Fisher D
TC 4
SO MATH ENTHUS
PY 2017
AB system dynamics ( sd ) modeling is a powerful analytical method used by
   professional scientists , academics , and governmental officials to study
   the behavior patterns of complex systems . specifically through use of the
   stella software , it is a method that i and others have used for over two
   decades with high school , and even middle school , math and science
   students . in this paper i describe an introduction to sd modeling intended
   for an algebra class ( in either middle or high school ) . in the body of
   the paper , a nested sequence of simple bank account examples , increasing
   in complexity , is used to demonstrate a comparison between using a closed
   form approach and using stella to mathematize each situation . the
   comparison , showing equivalent recursive equations , closed form equations
   , and stella modeling diagrams , is designed to give the reader ( algebra
   teacher , mathematics education decision_maker , researcher , or whomever )
   an accessible introduction to understanding stella model diagrams and the
   mathematical engine operating under the ' ' hood ' ' of the software . in
   particular , i highlight the limitations of closed form equations to capture
   the needed problem elements beyond a certain level of complexity , even when
   the problem is still simple enough for analysis by quite young students
   using stella . in the final section , i discuss how , once students become
   comfortable with the software , the level of sophistication of problems they
   can analyze ( including complex problems ) by designing and building stella
   models is extensive , significantly beyond what they can analyze with
   equations . then i point to limitations in the traditional math curriculum ,
   manifest in the common core state standards , in terms of failure to prepare
   students for modeling of complex dynamic systems , and the related failure
   to exploit the potential of new representational resources . the author ( s
   ) .
DE algebraic thinking; common core state standards; complexity in models;
   limitations of traditional curricula; mathematical modeling;
   mathematization; software; system dynamics modeling; technology in
   mathematics education; traditional math curriculum; young students
   mathematical reasoning

---

UT 866
AR Zhong Q, 2011, PROC - IEEE/WIC/ACM INT CONF WEB INTELL INTELL AGENT TECHNOL
   - WORK WI-IAT, V3, P82, DOI 10.1109/WI-IAT.2011.100
TI Technological capability enhancement mechanism of software outsourcing
   enterprises
AU Zhong Q; Zhang X/11; Qiu J; Qu G
TC 1
SO PROC - IEEE/WIC/ACM INT CONF WEB INTELL INTELL AGENT TECHNOL - WORK WI-IAT
PY 2011
AB how to enhance technological capability of the software outsourcing
   enterprise is a focal issue in theory study and practice . according to the
   different executives of enterprise are and d investment , the paper builds
   the dynamics model of technological capability of software outsourcing
   enterprise , and verifies the rationality of the model by using vensim
   software with neusoft group data . developing scenarios of enterprise
   technological capabilities of in_house research and technological
   cooperation research are discussed . the influence of r and d efficiency and
   government ' s indirect support on technological capability is analyzed .
   the research shows that the expansion of r and d investment , improving are
   and d efficiency and strengthening the intensity of tax incentives have a
   greater role in developing technological capability . 2011 ieee .
DE enterprise technological capability; inhouse research; software outsourcing;
   system dynamics; technological cooperation research
ID industry; intelligent agents; investments; outsourcing; research; software
   engineering; taxation; user interfaces; inhouse research; software
   outsourcing; system dynamics; technological capability; technological
   cooperation research; software agents

---

UT 867
AR Tanure S, 2015, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V32, P658, DOI 10.1002/sres.2252
TI Bioeconomic Model of Decision Support System for Farm Management: Proposal
   of a Mathematical Model
AU Tanure S; Nabinger C; Becker JL
TC 16
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2015
AB the declining profitability of agriculture and livestock production ,
   increasing climatic variations , and growing concern over the environmental
   impact of farming challenge farm management . in this context , we propose a
   generalized mathematical bioeconomic macro model for livestock production
   systems . this model resulted from a multidisciplinary effort to integrate
   major databases of climate , soil , plants , animals , and their economic
   aspects , searching for representing a livestock production similar to
   brazilian systems of pasture_based beef cattle production . this work is
   divided into four submodels : ( i ) herd structure and animal
   characteristics . ( ii ) animal nutrient requirements . ( iii )
   meteorological_soil_pasture_animal integration . and ( iv ) economic . we
   adopted the system dynamics modeling methodology , composed of differential
   and integral equations in structured ithink 9.1.4 software . the equations
   herein proposed were adapted from pre_existing studies , and we intend to
   include them into a macro model in the future and use them to build
   different scenarios based on real data . 2015 john wiley and sons , ltd .
DE decision making; farm production modeling; livestock production systems;
   mathematical framework
ID agricultural robots; animals; decision making; decision support systems;
   economics; environmental impact; farms; integral equations; macros; bio-
   economic model; brazilian system; climatic variation; farm production;
   livestock production; mathematical frameworks; nutrient requirement; system
   dynamics modeling; climate models

---

UT 868
AR Qin H/1, 2019, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V33, P4849, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-019-02410-9
TI Analysis of Water Management Scenarios Using Coupled Hydrological and System
   Dynamics Modeling
AU Qin H/1; Zheng C; He X; Refsgaard JC
TC 31
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2019
AB the north china plain ( ncp ) has been affected by severe water scarcity
   over the past several decades . to address this issue , several water
   management plans have already been launched . among them , the new
   south_to_north water diversion project ( snwdp ) draws the most attention .
   however , the effectiveness of the snwdp is yet to be evaluated . in the
   present study , we developed a coupled hydrological and system dynamics ( sd
   ) model to analyze water management scenarios for the ncp : s1 : business as
   usual , s2 : less agricultural water , s3 : more domestic and industrial
   water reuse , s4 : snwdp , and s5 : combined efforts . the impact of climate
   change has been accounted for in all scenarios . the sd model was based on
   vensim , and the hydrological model was based on the mike she code . the
   results indicated that the groundwater development in the ncp will not be
   sustainable without exploiting the full potential of the snwdp resource .
   however , the snwdp alone can only lessen the water crisis , it is not able
   to stop the groundwater storage from further declining . solving the water
   scarcity problem in the ncp will require a combination of highly reduced
   water use and a continued water supply from the snwdp . our results also
   indicated that innovative water saving technologies are urgently needed in
   the restructuring of the industrial sector . furthermore , the study
   illustrated an added challenge to water management since the uncertainty
   range on climate change impacts are shown to be of the same magnitude as the
   impacts of combined management measures . therefore , it requires great
   caution when making the future water management strategies in the ncp . 2019
   , springer nature b . v .
DE climate change; hydrological model; north china plain ( ncp ); south-to-
   north water diversion project ( snwdp ); system dynamics ( sd ) model; water
   resources management
ID china; north china plain; climate change; climate models; flood control;
   groundwater; groundwater resources; hydrology; system theory; wastewater
   reclamation; water management; water supply; hydrological modeling; north
   china plain; south-to-north water diversion project; system dynamics; water
   resources management; climate change; climate effect; groundwater resource;
   hydrological modeling; resource scarcity; uncertainty analysis; water
   management; water conservation

---

UT 869
AR Orjuela-Castro JA, 2017, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V742, P225, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-66963-2_21
TI Model for logistics capacity in the perishable food supply chain
AU Orjuela-Castro JA; Diaz Gamez GL; Bernal Celemín MP
TC 11
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2017
AB interest in fresh food has increased around the world . however , according
   to fao losses of perishable food can reach 50 % , depending on the logistics
   capabilities of the supply chain . a management model for transportation and
   warehouse capacities for the perishable food supply chain is proposed . the
   expansion of own capacity is evaluated in comparison to contracting 3pl in
   two scenarios : with and without cold chain . the model was developed within
   the system dynamics paradigm , modeled in ithink and evaluated through a
   case study of the supply chain of mango in cundinamarca_bogota . the
   seasonality of the supply and its discrepancy with the demand is included in
   the model . the model allows the study of the logistic performance , quality
   , costs and responsiveness of the mango supply chain . 2017 , springer
   international publishing ag .
DE 3pl; cold system food; logistics capabilities; supply chain mango; system
   dynamic model
ID food supply; fruits; outsourcing; cold systems; logistic performance;
   logistics capabilities; management model; seasonality; system dynamic
   models; system dynamics; warehouse capacity; supply chains

---

UT 870
AR Špicar R, 2014, PROCEDIA ENG, V69, P1350, DOI 10.1016/j.proeng.2014.03.128
TI System dynamics archetypes in capacity planning
AU Špicar R
TC 29
SO PROCEDIA ENG
PY 2014
AB this paper describes how system dynamics play a major role in capacity
   planning and what problems occur when neglected to account for . while the
   first sections focus on defining the terms , the core of the article lies in
   the third and fourth section where examples are provided showing the effects
   of system dynamics on capacity planning . casual loop diagrams and stock and
   flow diagrams are constructed for the examples and the systemsare simulated
   using the vensim ple software . the simulations show the importance of
   managing the systems as a whole and devoting attention to feedback loops and
   time delays in the systems . 2014 the authors . published by elsevier ltd .
DE capacity planning; growth and underinvestment; system archetypes; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID manufacture; time delay; capacity planning; system archetypes; system
   dynamics; underinvestment; vensim; system theory

---

UT 871
AR Ma KP, 2014, IEEE INT CONF AUTOM SCI ENG, V2014-January, P665, DOI
   10.1109/CoASE.2014.6899399
TI Modeling and simulation of product diffusion considering learning effect
AU Ma KP; Diao X; Li CF; Zheng J
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF AUTOM SCI ENG
PY 2014
AB bass model is one of the most representative work in the area of product
   diffusion . it has some limitations due to its strict assumptions . this
   paper has extended the application of bass model to fit two competitive
   products , and has got an analytical expression for the profits of
   competitive products . in this model the learning effect of variable cost is
   taken into account , and its influence to product profit is also analyzed .
   the mathematical models representing the process of product diffusion are
   transformed into system dynamics ( sd ) models , through which the dynamic
   characteristics during the products diffusion process are displayed . the
   correctness of the models is testified qualitatively by using vensim to
   simulate the sd models . the sensitivity analysis is performed to see how
   the typical parameters would affect the key variables in the models . the
   mutual relationships between the factors which would affect product
   diffusion are revealed . the system properties are explored , which provides
   a foundation to make policies of product development and diffusion . 2014
   ieee .
DE learning effect; modeling; product diffusion; simulation; system dynamics
ID models; product development; profitability; sensitivity analysis; system
   theory; analytical expressions; dynamic characteristics; learning effects;
   model and simulation; product diffusion; products diffusions; simulation;
   system dynamics; diffusion

---

UT 872
AR Zeng M, 2013, ICIC EXPRESS LETT B APPL, V4, P463
TI Key benefit indicators forecast for power grid enterprises based on system
   dynamics
AU Zeng M; Duan J; Zhan X/1; Dong D; Li N; Xue S
TC 1
SO ICIC EXPRESS LETT B APPL
PY 2013
AB the main objective of power grid enterprises management is to expand market
   share and increase economic benefits . we introduce system dynamics method
   to forecast power grid enterprise key benefit indicators . firstly , define
   the inner relationships among electricity sales , purchase quantity of
   electricity , average price of electricity sales , line loss rate , market
   share , gross profit and the articulation relationship with other indicators
   . in view of this , sd predictive model is constructed . secondly ,
   auxiliary variables , constants and other variables are taken into
   consideration . finally , use stella software model to simulate the case
   combined with the actual data of a power grid enterprise . case study shows
   that system dynamics method can effectively reflect the prospective business
   of power grids enterprise with rationality and practicability . 2013 icic
   international .
DE forecast; key benefit indicators; power grid enterprise; system dynamics
ID commerce; competition; electricity; forecasting; industry; profitability;
   sales; system theory; auxiliary variables; economic benefits; electricity
   sales; forecast; line loss rates; power grids; predictive models; system
   dynamics; electric power distribution

---

UT 873
AR Tolujevs J, 2018, TRANSP TELECOMMUN, V19, P1, DOI 10.2478/ttj-2018-0001
TI Investigation of road transport enterprise functioning on the basis of
   system dynamics
AU Tolujevs J; Shedenov O; Askarov G
TC 5
SO TRANSP TELECOMMUN
PY 2018
AB the work is devoted to the study of the possibilities to apply the system
   dynamics method for the analysis of processes at the road transport
   enterprises . the study contains a concise review on examples of three
   simulation paradigms application for creating models , associated with the
   road motor transport . the following paradigms were under consideration :
   discrete event , agent based , and system dynamics . furthermore , the paper
   describes the causal loop diagram designed using the principles of system
   dynamics . this diagram is a qualitative model that represents the
   relationships between the main factors affecting the performance indicators
   of a road transport enterprise . the quantitative model constructed using
   the principles of system dynamics is also represented . the mentioned model
   reflects the process of functioning of a road transport enterprise during
   the year . the model is developed using vensim simulation software . 2018
   transport and telecommunication institute . all rights reserved .
DE road transport; simulation; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 874
AR Gopejenko V, 2015, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V535, P449, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-23766-4_36
TI Energy consumption management of the automated self-service centre’s storage
   module: Models and simulations
AU Gopejenko V; Gopejenko A; Vaivods A
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2015
AB a system for regulating the temperature of the automated self_service center
   storage unit using thermoelectric cooler on the base of the peltier effect
   is proposed in this work . a dynamic feedback model of the temperature modes
   control has been developed . computer modeling has been performed , the
   scenarios simulating realistic exploitation of the automatic self_service
   center has been created taking into account weather conditions , heat losses
   , energy consumption levels . boundary parameters of the model ' s key
   parameters has been defined , discreteness of their tasks , sensitivity if
   the system depending on the velocity of the external parameters changes has
   been defined . springer international publishing switzerland 2015 .
DE peltier effect; system dynamics; thermoelectric cooler; vensim
ID cooling systems; energy utilization; peltier effect; thermoelectric
   equipment; thermoelectric refrigeration; thermoelectricity; boundary
   parameters; computer modeling; dynamic feedback; energy consumption levels;
   system dynamics; temperature modes; thermoelectric cooler; vensim; digital
   storage

---

UT 875
AR Wang K-Z, 2017, CHIN GEN PR, V20, P3860, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1007-9572.2017.31.006
TI Dynamic Complexity Analysis of the Community-based Colorectal Cancer
   Screening Program Based on System Dynamics
AU Wang K-Z; Ma X-D; Cai Y-Y; Wei X-P
TC 2
SO CHIN GEN PR
PY 2017
AB objective : to investigate the dynamic complexity of the community_based
   colorectal cancer screening program based on the analysis of a reprehensive
   sample , the colorectal cancer screening program applied to gumei community
   health service center located in minhang district of shanghai . methods :
   from may to august 2016 , we collected the historical and implementation
   data of the community_based colorectal cancer screening program performed by
   gumei community health service center during 2008_2016 , carried out focus
   group interview with the key persons for the implementation of the program ,
   and based on the above data , constructed a system model of the program and
   workflow charts of its subsystems with system dynamics modeling software
   vensim 5.6. results : the colorectal cancer screening program carried out in
   gumei community comprises governmental surveillance and assessment mechanism
   subsystem , community_based annual colorectal cancer screening plan and
   execution subsystem , colorectal cancer screening subsystem as well as
   information management subsystem for people identified with colorectal
   lesions . these 4 subsystems interact with each other through budgeting ,
   executing and assessing . analysis of the relationship between variables in
   one subsystem or among subsystems showed that , the crucial factors for
   achieving successful screening were health education , initially screened
   population and the number of people undergoing colonoscopy . conclusion :
   using system dynamics to explore the dynamic complexity of the
   community_based colorectal cancer screening program is helpful to detect the
   causal relationship between the variables in the screening , identify the
   crucial factors for achieving successful screening and the challenges during
   the screening , by which the outcome of community_based colorectal cancer
   screening program can be improved . copyright 2017 by the chinese general
   practice .
DE colorectal neoplasms; community health services; screening; system dynamics

---

UT 876
AR Yang J/5, 2020, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V508, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/508/1/012058
TI A system dynamics analysis about the recycling and reuse of new energy
   vehicle power batteries: An insight of closed-loop supply chain
AU Yang J/5; Mu D; Li X/4
TC 8
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2020
AB in order to solve the problem about recycling and reuse of power batteries
   for new energy vehicles in china , the paper , from the perspective of
   closed_loop supply chain ( clsc ) , uses vensim software to construct the
   system dynamics model . by analyzing the degree of cooperation among
   enterprises in clsc , the result indicates that through cooperating with
   foreign excellent enterprises and enhancing the degree of cooperation among
   enterprises in the clsc , the development of new energy vehicle power
   battery recycling can be better promoted . in addition , this paper puts
   forward some reasonable suggestions on the development of new energy vehicle
   power batteries . published under license by iop publishing ltd .
ID computer software reusability; electric vehicles; electronic waste;
   recycling; supply chains; system theory; closed-loop supply chain; closed-
   loop supply chains ( clsc ); new energy vehicles; power batteries; system
   dynamics; system dynamics model; vensim softwares; secondary batteries

---

UT 877
AR Kyle Brewster R, 2019, HUM WILDL INTERACT, V13, P400
TI Cost-benefit analysis of coyote removal as a management option in Texas
   Cattle ranching
AU Kyle Brewster R; Henke SE; Turner BL; Tomeček JM; Ortega-S A
TC 3
SO HUM WILDL INTERACT
PY 2019
AB the monetary value of livestock losses attributed to coyote ( canis latrans
   ) predation in north america has increased during the past 20 years . in
   texas , usa alone in 2011 , these loses were estimated at $ 6.9 million . to
   mitigate coyote_related livestock losses , several lethal and nonlethal
   control methods have been developed . however , there remains a need for
   better information to guide management decisions regarding cost_effective
   predator control strategies for livestock production systems . we acquired
   data , which was used in the model , from published literature from 1960 to
   present day , subject matter experts , and anecdotal information on coyote
   ecology . we developed a systems dynamics simulation model to evaluate the
   economic impact of coyote control on an average_sized cattle ( bos spp . )
   operation ( 1,000 ha ) for a conceptual 10_year period in texas . we
   conducted a sensitivity analyzes to validate the model and identify the most
   sensitive parameters . we tested 88 scenarios using common coyote management
   methods ( i . e . , aerial gunning , m_44 devices , snares , livestock guard
   animals ( lgas ) , calling and shooting , and foothold traps ) ,
   combinations of multiple management methods , and number of applications per
   year ( once per year , twice per year , continuous ) . several management
   methods were cost effective at reducing calf predation when applied
   sparingly and under assumptions of skillful and dedicated application of
   coyote control methods . the most cost_effective method of coyote control to
   reduce calf depredation was the combined use of snares and lgas . when
   applied 1 month prior to the primary calving month , the snare / lga
   combination showed an 81 % decrease in overall costs of calf loss and
   predator management during the 10_year period , respectively . cost
   effectiveness of methods deteriorated as the number of applications per year
   increased . while these are useful results , the intangible values of
   coyotes through grazing benefits ( i . e . , fewer prey species such as
   lagomorphs on the landscape to compete for forage with cattle ) and
   ecological benefits ( i . e . , mitigation of meso_predator release ) were
   not included in the model . however , these benefits should be considered by
   ranchers before implementing lethal coyote management . 2019 jack h .
   berryman institute .
DE bos spp; canis latrans; cattle depredation; control; cost benefit; coyote;
   removal; texas; vensim

---

UT 878
AR Wang H/2, 2014, J COAST CONSERV, V18, P609, DOI 10.1007/s11852-014-0328-x
TI Utilization effectiveness of marine functional zones using system dynamics
   for China: modeling and assessment: A case study of Qingdao Mariculture
   Functional Zones
AU Wang H/2; Li M/8; Hu N; Gao Y/3
TC 9
SO J COAST CONSERV
PY 2014
AB the marine functional zoning ( mfz ) for china is a new large_scale ,
   ecosystem_based zoning policy for management of development and use in the
   marine environment . the system dynamic ( sd ) method is used to evaluate
   the utilization effectiveness of existed marine functional zones ( mfzs )
   quantitatively for china . as a case study , an impact assessment system is
   constructed to obtain the because and effect feedback chart of the
   mariculture functional zones in qingdao city , china . a feedback sd model
   and the main control loops are developed to analyze the utilization
   effectiveness of the mariculture functional zones . vensim software is
   applied to the assessment for the mariculture functional zones of qingdao .
   the results provide an effective support for policies and legislation for
   the division of mfzs . analysis results and simulations are presented to
   verify and validate the proposed model . 2014 , springer science+business
   media dordrecht .
DE marine functional zoning; marine policy; system dynamics; utilization
   effectiveness

---

UT 879
AR Qi X, 2020, XI TONG CHENG YU DIAN ZI JI SHU/SYST ENG ELECTRON, V42, P836,
   DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1001-506X.2020.04.14
TI Analysis of anti-ship force loss at sea based on system dynamics;
   [基于系统动力学的海上反舰兵力损耗分析]
AU Qi X; Zhai D; Liu X/11
TC 5
SO XI TONG CHENG YU DIAN ZI JI SHU/SYST ENG ELECTRON
PY 2020
AB in order to study the force loss of both sides in anti_ship combat at sea
   and the influence of electronic equipment on force loss , the key factors of
   dynamic countermeasures systems of red anti_ship and blue defense are
   extracted . the feedback relationship between variables is analyzed . the
   system dynamics model based on lanchester equation is built and simulated on
   vensim software platform . the simulation results of different signal
   strengths of blue square electronic interference and reconnaissance
   equipment are compared . the simulation analysis shows that when the two are
   equal , the loss of force of the blue side decreases and the loss of the red
   side increases , which provides some theoretical support for reducing the
   loss of force of the two sides in the battle . 2020 , editorial office of
   systems engineering and electronics . all right reserved .
DE anti-ship combat; electronic equipment; force loss; system dynamics
ID electronic equipment; ships; system theory; anti-ships; force loss;
   lanchester equation; signal strengths; simulation analysis; system dynamics;
   system dynamics model; vensim softwares; electronic ship equipment

---

UT 880
AR Wang C/3, 2011, IAHS-AISH PUBL, V350, P404
TI System dynamics modelling of the water and salt balance of Bosten Lake in
   northwest China: Implications for ecologically sustainable management
AU Wang C/3; Luo Y; Wang W/3; Han B
TC 1
SO IAHS-AISH PUBL
PY 2011
AB salinisation of bosten lake threatens the eco_system in the kaidu_kongque
   basin in northwest china . a water_salt balance model of bosten lake is
   helpful to understand inherent mechanism of salinisation and develop
   appropriate water management strategies . a system dynamics ( sd ) model was
   developed to simulate the water and salt balance of bosten lake using a
   commercial system dynamics modeling environment , vensim . the model was
   used to investigate the optimal water table for salinisation control and
   investigate strategies for sustainable management under different scenarios
   . through scenario analysis , we suggest that more water be pumped to
   kongque river or diverted to tarim river for irrigation or ecological
   restoration , to lower the water level and reduce evaporation losses during
   high inflow years . as for low inflow , increasing inflow through pumping
   groundwater and reducing irrigation diversion from kaidu river should be an
   effective way for avoiding high salt concentrations . other scenarios can be
   easily evaluated by using the framework presented in this paper . copyright
   2011 iahs press .
DE bosten lake; changing environment; ecohydrology; nw china; sustainable use;
   system dynamics modeling
ID bosten lake; china; kaidu basin; kongque basin; tarim river; xinjiang uygur;
   groundwater; hydrology; irrigation; river diversion; rivers; sustainable
   development; system theory; water levels; water management; changing
   environment; ecohydrology; nw china; sustainable use; system dynamics;
   ecohydrology; irrigation system; pumping; restoration ecology; salinization;
   salt; sustainable development; water budget; water level; water management;
   water table; lakes

---

UT 881
AR Li Y/2, 2012, ICLEM LOGIST SUSTAIN ECON DEV - TECHNOL MANAG EFFIC - PROC INT
   CONF LOGIST ENG MANAG, P1378, DOI 10.1061/9780784412602.0210
TI Research on distribution efficiency of supermarket chains by applying the
   VENSIM software
AU Li Y/2; Zheng P; Qiu X
TC 1
SO ICLEM LOGIST SUSTAIN ECON DEV - TECHNOL MANAG EFFIC - PROC INT CONF LOGIST
   ENG MANAG
PY 2012
AB supermarket chain stores , acting as a model of retail formats , are booming
   in china , and logistics distribution is one of the key determinants to
   lower costs . this paper employed a specific case_supermarket wu dongfeng by
   using the system dynamics method to illustrate the efficiency of factor
   analysis . the research makes the following findings : we can adjust the
   delay time of the distribution center receiving rate . the adjustment time
   of chain store has a great impact on the distribution center storage and we
   should pay attention to its controlment . 2012 american society of civil
   engineers .
ID efficiency; retail stores; warehouses; adjustment time; distribution
   centers; distribution efficiency; key determinants; logistics distribution;
   supermarket chains; system dynamics; vensim softwares; economic and social
   effects

---

UT 882
AR Jahandideh-Tehrani M, 2014, J ENERGY ENG, V140, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)EY.1943-7897.0000179
TI Power generation simulation of a hydropower reservoir system using system
   dynamics: Case study of karoon reservoir system
AU Jahandideh-Tehrani M; Bozorg Haddad O; Mariño MA
TC 13
SO J ENERGY ENG
PY 2014
AB the system dynamics approach is an object_oriented simulation method based
   on feedback loops , flow diagrams , and flow and state variables , which can
   be used in the development of a water system ' s operational policies and
   water_resource management . in reservoir operation simulations , there are
   iterative procedures ( feedback loops ) due to the dependency of reservoir
   release on both initial and final reservoir storage . system dynamics can
   successfully satisfy this need . given the complex implicit and nonlinear
   relationships that exist in hydropower reservoirs , the system dynamics
   approach can be efficient in the planning and management of those reservoirs
   . this paper develops a system_dynamics simulation model using vensim for
   the operation of a hydropower reservoir system ( khersan 1 , karoon 4 , and
   karoon 3 ) that is located in series and in parallel in the karoon river
   basin , iran . steps of the model design include definition of decision
   variables , formulation of model , and method of solution to compute the
   output of the hydropower reservoirs . to assess the effects of the
   reservoirs on each other and the importance of each reservoir , operational
   scenarios are considered . reservoir performance criteria ( reliability ,
   resiliency , and vulnerability ) and mean energy production over a 44_year
   simulation period are calculated for each operational scenario . the results
   show that addition of the khersan 1 reservoir to the system composed of
   karoon 4 and karoon 3 reservoirs increases the average amount of energy
   production by 20 % without a significant loss in performance criteria . the
   sensitivity analysis for khersan 1 is conducted in two states . the amounts
   of installed capacity of the power plant and maximum storage volume of the
   reservoir are increased by 20 % and decreased by 20 % , respectively . the
   results show that , in terms of energy production , the effect of increasing
   the installed power_plant capacity of khersan 1 is greater than that of
   increasing the maximum reservoir storage volume of this reservoir .
   therefore , by considering the same percentage increase ( 20 % ) in both
   installed capacity and maximum storage volume , it is preferable to increase
   the installed capacity of the power plant at khersan 1 reservoir . 2014
   american society of civil engineers .
DE hydropower; operation; reservoir systems; simulation; system dynamics
ID feedback; hydroelectric power; hydroelectric power plants; iterative
   methods; reservoirs ( water ); sensitivity analysis; system theory; water
   management; hydropower; operation; reservoir systems; simulation; system
   dynamics; reservoir management

---

UT 883
AR Yu Z/1, 2020, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V455, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/455/1/012041
TI Safety Investment Analysis of Construction Enterprises Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Yu Z/1
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2020
AB combining the existing safety input data and characteristics , this paper
   uses the dynamic change method to solve the safety input problem . the
   origin , flow and characteristics of safety investment are analyzed , the
   skills of system dynamics modeling and the simulation modeling software
   vensim are used to build the model , including models of safety precaution ,
   safety control and accident risk transfer etc . through simulation modeling
   , the configuration effects under different configuration schemes in an
   enterprise are completely decomposed . the results show that the effects of
   different configuration schemes on accident frequency , loss value and total
   accidents counts be obtained by applying the model built , which has great
   positive significance and practical value for dynamic safety investment .
   2020 iop publishing ltd . all rights reserved .
DE construction enterprises; safety investment simulation modeling; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID accidents; computer software; risk assessment; system theory; accident
   frequency; construction enterprise; safety controls; safety investments;
   safety precautions; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; vensim;
   investments

---

UT 884
AR Du Z, 2019, ZHONGGUO DIANLI, V52, P168, DOI
   10.11930/j.issn.1004-9649.201706175
TI Research on Evolution and Development of Power Generation Scale and Cost
   under Tradable Green Certificates Market in China;
   [绿色电力证书市场下中国各类电源规模及发电成本演化发展]
AU Du Z; Xu E; Zhang X/8; Liu D/1; Shen S
TC 13
SO ZHONGGUO DIANLI
PY 2019
AB tradable green certificates market is an effective measure to solve the
   problems of high cost of renewable energy and large funding gap , single
   funding source and long time period of price subsidy . in order to improve
   subsidy mechanism of renewable energy and promote clean energy utilization ,
   this paper has a deep research on evolution and development of power
   generation scale and cost under tradable green certificates market .
   economic model of tradable green certificates market is established based on
   system dynamics and simulation is carried out based on vensim . meanwhile ,
   evolution of installed capacity , power generation and unit comprehensive
   cost of various energy under tradable green certificates market and
   sensitivity of key factors are analyzed deeply . the results indicate that
   tradable green certificates market will not only reduce subsidy funds and
   improve efficiency of subsidies , but also provide a new investment return
   mode for renewable energy , encourage investment development and effectively
   promote energy supply side structure optimization with reasonable renewable
   portfolio standard ratio and tradable green certificates validity period .
   2019 automation of electric power systems press . all rights reserved .
DE energy structure; new power system; renewable portfolio standard; system
   dynamics; tradable green certificates

---

UT 885
AR Dasgupta D, 2017, ENV DEV SUSTAIN, V19, P1473, DOI 10.1007/s10668-016-9815-6
TI Scenario of future e-waste generation and recycle-reuse-landfill-based
   disposal pattern in India: a system dynamics approach
AU Dasgupta D; Debsarkar A; Hazra T; Bala BK; Gangopadhyay A; Chatterjee D
TC 45
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2017
AB the fundamental requirements of the e_waste management system are the
   forecasting of the future generation of e_waste and in situ planning to
   minimize the risk . the prediction analysis ( a simulation exercise with
   base year 2012 and end year 2025 ) for several e_waste items ( desktop ,
   notebook , refrigerator , television and washing machine ) reflects an
   increasing waste generation pattern . the present study deals with the
   prediction of e_waste generation and the percentage distribution of e_waste
   through different disposal pathways ( landfill , second_hand market and
   recycling ) based on the system dynamics approach ( using stella software ,
   version 8.0 ) for the purpose of improved management practice in near future
   in india . during the prediction of disposal options , the role , importance
   and functionality of various pathways are also critically analyzed . the
   simulation results indicate that the specific route of e_waste disposal will
   largely control the e_waste generation in india as informal sectors , in
   future , will solely utilize recycle and reuse pathways due to the economics
   of the specific components of the generated e_waste . on the other hand ,
   the percentage of landfillable e_waste will decrease from 8.06 to 6.54 %
   within a decade ( 20122025 ) . finally , the study emphasizes on delineation
   of a well_composed guideline for policy orientation to protect the human
   health and environment , as e_waste items and their various components often
   emit toxic substances particularly during informal trade chain practices .
   2016 , springer science+business media dordrecht .
DE e-waste generation; electronics appliances; simulation; system dynamics
ID india; control system; electronic equipment; electronic waste; guideline;
   landfill; management practice; policy making; public health; recycling;
   simulation; supply chain management; toxic substance; waste disposal

---

UT 886
AR Asgarieh L/1, 2011, PROC INT YOUTH CONF ENERG IYCE
TI Comparison of two methods for calculating yearly costs and balances for high
   voltage equipment
AU Asgarieh L/1; Balzer G/1
TC 0
SO PROC INT YOUTH CONF ENERG IYCE
PY 2011
AB since the incentive regulation has started in germany in 2009 , system
   operators have a predetermined revenue cap , so that they have the incentive
   to reduce costs in order to increase their profit . apart from this they
   have to prepare a trade balance every year but also consider the
   requirements of the federal network agency for the grid fee calculation .
   due to this fact the asset manager requires information concerning the long
   term costs . therefore this paper presents two different possibilities to
   calculate the yearly costs over a long time period . the first method for
   calculating the yearly costs ( e . g . capital expenditures ( capex ) and
   operational expenditures ( opex ) ) have been done with a simulation
   software called powersim studio which bases on system dynamics and markov
   models , respectively . the other method has a statistical background and
   uses the normal distribution in order to calculate the yearly costs . 2011
   inesc coimbra .
DE aging models; asset management; balance; capex; circuit-breakers; cost
   analysis; energy policy; incentive; opex; regulation
ID asset management; computer software; cost accounting; energy policy; markov
   processes; normal distribution; profitability; aging models; balance; capex;
   circuit-breakers; cost analysis; incentive; opex; regulation; costs

---

UT 887
AR McKnight US, 2013, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V40, P35, DOI
   10.1016/j.envsoft.2012.07.007
TI A system dynamics model for the screening-level long-term assessment of
   human health risks at contaminated sites
AU McKnight US; Finkel M
TC 35
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2013
AB for the design of sustainable and cost_effective management strategies for
   contaminated sites , decision makers need appropriate tools , i . e .
   environmental decision support systems to assist them in the planning ,
   assessment , selection and optimization of possible alternatives . we
   propose a novel system dynamics model , caro_plus ( cost_efficiency analysis
   of remediation options ) , which provides estimates of current and future
   risks originating from soil and groundwater contamination . utilizing a
   source_pathway_receptor concept , the model particularly addresses the
   presence of multi_compound non_aqueous phase liquids in porous media , which
   have been identified as major sources of groundwater contamination at many
   of these sites . simplified approaches for the description of contaminant
   release and transport , as well as of exposure pathways for human health
   risk assessment , allow for a fast and effective screening model , which is
   particularly qualified to support early decisions within a tiered management
   approach at contaminated sites . caro_plus is applied to assess the
   long_term risks originating from a kerosene contamination at a former
   military airfield in germany . monte carlo simulations are performed to
   account for the large uncertainty in model parameters at early decision
   levels . the results of the application show that the implementation of
   monitored natural attenuation might be a feasible management strategy for
   the site , and provide guidance for additional , more detailed
   investigations . 2012 elsevier ltd .
DE contaminated sites; edss; human health risk assessment; monitored natural
   attenuation; risk-based land management; system dynamics; uncertainty;
   vensim
ID germany; artificial intelligence; contamination; cost benefit analysis;
   decision making; decision support systems; groundwater; monte carlo methods;
   porous materials; risk assessment; system theory; contaminated sites; edss;
   human health risk assessment; land managements; monitored natural
   attenuation; system dynamics; uncertainty; vensim; assessment method;
   bioremediation; cost benefit analysis; decision making; groundwater
   pollution; health risk; monte carlo analysis; pollutant source; pollution
   effect; risk factor; soil pollution; geologic models

---

UT 888
AR Qin H/1, 2012, WATER POLIC, V14, P214, DOI 10.2166/wp.2011.106
TI System dynamics analysis of water supply and demand in the North China Plain
AU Qin H/1; Sun AC-T; Liu J; Zheng C
TC 32
SO WATER POLIC
PY 2012
AB water resource carrying capacity ( wrcc ) is an important metric for
   regional sustainable development in china . it is defined as the difference
   between the total water supply and demand . the north china plain ( ncp )
   currently faces a serious water shortage if the wrcc is not managed at a
   sustainable level . this study focuses on applying system dynamics ( sd )
   methodology to evaluate different water use scenarios and their associated
   wrcc for the ncp . system characteristics of local water resources and
   demand in the ncp are captured and simulated using vensim software . a sd
   model of the wrcc is constructed which consists of five sub_systems :
   agricultural irrigation , population growth , urbanization level , water
   recycle and industrial output . the impact on the wrcc is tested through
   three growth scenarios : keeping the status quo , aggressive industrial
   growth and modest growth combined with wastewater recycle . based on the
   simulation results , the wrcc that can most likely sustain economic growth
   without overly stressing the water supply is the one with modest growth
   combined with wastewater recycle . iwa publishing 2012 .
DE north china plain ( ncp ); system dynamics ( sd ); water resource carrying
   capacity ( wrcc ); water resource management

---

UT 889
AR Medvedeva M, 2020, CEUR WORK PROC, V2562, P153
TI Monitoring the financial performance of using open source software in
   government digital projects
AU Medvedeva M; Kolomytseva A; Maximus D; Ford V; Gorbunov M
TC 4
SO CEUR WORK PROC
PY 2020
AB the purpose of this study is to develop a system for monitoring the
   financial effectiveness of digital development programs and the introduction
   of the open source software in the educational environment . the main
   control elements in the monitoring system is a simulation system_dynamic
   model which allows determining based on the experiments , the key financial
   indicators of the development of digital projects of an it company in
   dynamics . the main advantage of the first developed model , as the basic
   element of the monitoring system , predicting the effectiveness of the
   transition to new types of information products and data management , as
   well as the ability to track the dynamics of the enterprise in the long term
   with various combinations of areas of investment into open source software
   distribution projects , including educational information systems . the
   proposed model allows you to determine key indicators of the development of
   an it company : the amount of income from the sale of all it products and
   services , profit , accumulated capital , additional income due to the
   development and expansion of the scope of the open source software ,
   evaluation of the effectiveness of the development of information systems
   based on them . the results of the system_dynamic simulation are the tool
   for determining the balance of investment funds invested into the commercial
   and non_profit sector of the development of digital data of an it company .
   the experimental implementation of the powersim simulation software in a
   software environment allows you to evaluate the prospects and opportunities
   of the it company to switch to the expanding of the range of services and
   produced products by using the open source software . copyright 2019 for
   this paper by its authors . use permitted under creative commons license
   attribution 4.0 international ( cc by 4.0 ) .
DE educational programs; modeling methodology; monitoring system; non-profit
   sector digital projects; open source software; simulation modeling; system
   dynamics
ID computer simulation; education computing; finance; information management;
   information systems; information use; monitoring; open systems;
   profitability; educational program; modeling methodology; monitoring system;
   non-profit; system dynamics; open source software

---

UT 890
AR Yu W, 2018, PATIENT PREFER ADHERENCE, V12, P207, DOI 10.2147/PPA.S155603
TI Research of an emergency medical system for mass casualty incidents in
   Shanghai, China: A system dynamics model
AU Yu W; Lv Y; Hu C; Liu X/6; Chen H/2; Xue C; Zhang L/6
TC 19
SO PATIENT PREFER ADHERENCE
PY 2018
AB objectives : emergency medical system for mass casualty incidents ( ems_mcis
   ) is a global issue . however , china lacks such studies extremely , which
   can not meet the requirement of rapid decision_support system . this study
   aims to realize modeling ems_mcis in shanghai , to improve mass casualty
   incident ( mci ) rescue efficiency in china , and to provide a possible
   method of making rapid rescue decisions during mcis . methods : this study
   established a system dynamics ( sd ) model of ems_mcis using the vensim dss
   program . intervention scenarios were designed as adjusting scales of mcis ,
   allocation of ambulances , allocation of emergency medical staff , and
   efficiency of organization and command . results : mortality increased with
   the increasing scale of mcis , medical rescue capability of hospitals was
   relatively good , but the efficiency of organization and command was poor ,
   and the prehospital time was too long . mortality declined significantly
   when increasing ambulances and improving the efficiency of organization and
   command . triage and on_site first_aid time were shortened if increasing the
   availability of emergency medical staff . the effect was the most evident
   when 2,000 people were involved in mcis . however , the influence was very
   small under the scale of 5,000 people . conclusion : the keys to decrease
   the mortality of mcis were shortening the prehospital time and improving the
   efficiency of organization and command . for small_scale mcis , improving
   the utilization rate of health resources was important in decreasing the
   mortality . for large_scale mcis , increasing the number of ambulances and
   emergency medical professionals was the core to decrease prehospital time
   and mortality . for super_large_scale mcis , increasing health resources was
   the premise . 2018 yu et al .
DE emergency medical system; mass casualty incidents; system dynamics model
ID ambulance; article; china; emergency health service; first aid; health care
   planning; human; mass disaster; medical staff; mortality

---

UT 891
AR Al-Khatib IA, 2016, ENV MONIT ASSESS, V188, DOI 10.1007/s10661-016-5487-9
TI A system dynamics approach for hospital waste management in a city in a
   developing country: the case of Nablus, Palestine
AU Al-Khatib IA; Eleyan D; Garfield J
TC 40
SO ENV MONIT ASSESS
PY 2016
AB hospitals and health centers provide a variety of healthcare services and
   normally generate hazardous waste as well as general waste . general waste
   has a similar nature to that of municipal solid waste and therefore could be
   disposed of in municipal landfills . however , hazardous waste poses risks
   to public health , unless it is properly managed . the hospital waste
   management system encompasses many factors , i . e . , number of beds ,
   number of employees , level of service , population , birth rate , fertility
   rate , and not in my back yard ( nimby ) syndrome . therefore , this
   management system requires a comprehensive analysis to determine the role of
   each factor and its influence on the whole system . in this research , a
   hospital waste management simulation model is presented based on the system
   dynamics technique to determine the interaction among these factors in the
   system using a software package , ithink . this model is used to estimate
   waste segregation as this is important in the hospital waste management
   system to minimize risk to public health . real data has been obtained from
   a case study of the city of nablus , palestine to validate the model . the
   model exhibits wastes generated from three types of hospitals ( private ,
   charitable , and government ) by considering the number of both inpatients
   and outpatients depending on the population of the city under study . the
   model also offers the facility to compare the total waste generated among
   these different types of hospitals and anticipate and predict the future
   generated waste both infectious and non_infectious and the treatment cost
   incurred . 2016 , springer international publishing switzerland .
DE developing countries; generation rate; hazardous waste; hospitals;
   palestine; system dynamics
ID developing countries; environmental monitoring; hospitals; humans; medical
   waste disposal; middle east; models theoretical; public health; nablus;
   occupied territories; palestine; west bank; computer software; developing
   countries; hazardous materials; hazards; health; health risks; hospitals;
   human resource management; municipal solid waste; public health; public
   risks; risk perception; system theory; waste treatment; waste disposal;
   comprehensive analysis; generation rate; hazardous wastes; management
   simulations; palestine; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; system
   dynamics technique; developing world; hazardous waste; health risk; health
   services; hospital sector; landfill; municipal solid waste; public health;
   waste management; article; computer program; developing country; health
   hazard; hospital waste; human; palestine; private hospital; public hospital;
   statistical analysis; statistical model; system dynamics; waste disposal;
   waste management; developing country; environmental monitoring; hospital;
   middle east; procedures; public health; theoretical model; waste management

---

UT 892
AR Sudhan SP, 2020, J STOMATOL, V146, DOI 10.1061/JPEODX.0000170
TI Development of pavement deterioration prediction models for low volume roads
   using system dynamics
AU Sudhan SP; Mathew BS; Rose S; Isaac KP
TC 10
SO J STOMATOL
PY 2020
AB pavements are the basic infrastructure required for the overall economic
   development of a country . a realistic prediction of pavement deterioration
   is mandatory for the effective maintenance of these pavements and , hence ,
   for the proper functioning of a road network system . the pavement
   deterioration process and the causative factors contributing to the
   deterioration are dynamic in nature , i . e . , it varies over time . system
   dynamics ( sd ) is an appropriate modeling approach that can capture the
   dynamics of pavement deterioration . the objective of this paper is to
   develop pavement deterioration prediction models for low_volume roads using
   system dynamics . deterioration models were developed using the pavement
   condition data from 14 low volume roads in the state of kerala in india
   using the software powersim studio version 10. the prediction models are
   validated by comparing with field values , and the goodness of the models is
   established statistically . the comparison reveals that system dynamics can
   be efficiently used for the development of pavement deterioration prediction
   models . 2020 american society of civil engineers
DE deterioration; edge failure; pothole; raveling; system dynamics

---

UT 893
AR Mahdavi T, 2019, GROUNDW SUSTAIN DEV, V9, DOI 10.1016/j.gsd.2019.100261
TI Applying the System of Environmental and Economic Accounts for Water (SEEA-
   Water) for integrated assessment of water security in an aquifer scale -
   Case study: Azarshahr aquifer, Iran
AU Mahdavi T; Bagheri A; Hosseini SA
TC 18
SO GROUNDW SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2019
AB as an important stage in integrated water resources management , integrated
   assessment adopts a set of indicators to address not only the physical water
   balance , but also the role of water in social welfare , economic production
   , and employment . the indicators should be located in an analytical
   framework capable of figuring out the inter_relationships among different
   environmental , social , and economic disciplines . adopting the system of
   environmental and economic accounts for water ( developed by the united
   nations ) , this paper aims to provide an integrated assessment in the
   groundwater resource in the azarshahr aquifer area in the northwestern iran
   , comparing local water security indicators in 2006 and 2016 . the results
   show that the local water resource in the study area is highly stressed in
   terms of quantity and quality . in addition , the area suffers severely from
   unsustainability and dis_equilibrium between water resource and consumption
   . using a system dynamics model developed in vensim ple , the paper analyzed
   five different policy options , which could have been devised to improve the
   water security in the area . the policy option 1 ( stepwise reduction in the
   irrigated agricultural area from 2006 to 2010 followed by a constant 2 %
   decline from 2010 to 2016 ) was found more effective in controlling the
   water salinity . since it is highly inelastic in terms of regional economic
   revenue , it could be a cost_effective policy to prevent salinization of
   water with low impacts on the regional revenue . the methodology can be
   applied for building water accounting systems in similar areas for the
   purpose of integrated water resources assessment and planning . 2019
DE lake urmia; policy analysis; system dynamics modeling; water accounting
ID iran; agricultural robots; aquifers; cost effectiveness; regional planning;
   system theory; integrated assessment; integrated water resources management;
   lake urmia; policy analysis; system dynamics model; system dynamics
   modeling; water accountings; water resources assessment; aquifer;
   groundwater resource; integrated approach; policy implementation; resource
   scarcity; water management; water planning; water supply; groundwater
   resources

---

UT 894
AR Musavi SM, 2019, PROG IND ECOL, V13, P29, DOI 10.1504/PIE.2019.098765
TI System dynamics approach for the relationship between different types of
   hospitals and hospital waste management (case study: Tabriz)
AU Musavi SM; Khosropour R; Musavi SA; Ahmadvand A
TC 5
SO PROG IND ECOL
PY 2019
AB hospitals are at the center of providing different health services to
   society and their activities may include nutrition therapy , rehabilitation
   , prevention and health education promotion . during these activities ,
   hospitals may produce waste from medical and non_medical activities . health
   waste management is similar to other waste management systems and includes
   production , separation , gathering , storing , purification and final
   disposal . if hospital waste is not managed correctly , it will become one
   of the major factors of infectious diseases in the world , regarded as a
   serious health problem . health and therapy waste management is related to
   the health and safety risks of the transportation of the waste produced from
   health centers . our long_term objective was to develop a planning and
   selection system to support the future waste disposal capacity . the present
   research included using a system dynamics model by means of vensim software
   for the prediction of waste produced in the health waste system in different
   hospitals . copyright 2019 inderscience enterprises ltd .
DE environment; hospital types; hospital waste management; system dynamics
ID east azerbaijan; iran; tabriz; environmental planning; health education;
   health risk; health services; hospital sector; infectious disease; research
   work; software; waste disposal; waste management

---

UT 895
AR Agyapong-Kodua K, 2011, INT J PROD RES, V49, P2143, DOI
   10.1080/00207540903436661
TI Systems approach to modelling cost and value dynamics in manufacturing
   enterprises
AU Agyapong-Kodua K; Weston RH
TC 14
SO INT J PROD RES
PY 2011
AB operations and activities in manufacturing enterprises ( mes ) are
   undergoing frequent changes as a result of external and internal factors
   which actively impact on the structures , processes and work patterns of
   most mes . these changes induce complexities and dynamics in the survival of
   most mes . as a result of the changes , cost and value generation are also
   affected . to remain competitive , mes have to continuously and flexibly
   adjust through the redesign and organization of their processes and resource
   elements with the aim to improve key performance indicators including cost
   and values . this is however not simple to achieve because of the inherent
   and ongoing dynamics experienced by mes . this paper shows how system
   dynamics modeling techniques , in the form of causal loop and ithink
   simulation , can be coherently used to capture salient factors which induce
   dynamics in mes . the integrated modeling technique was further used to show
   how dynamic impacts of mes on cost and value generation can be conveniently
   modeled and analyzed to support decision making related to competitiveness
   and profitability of a case study furniture manufacturing company . 2011
   taylor and francis .
DE causal loop modeling ( clm ); cost and value dynamics; manufacturing
   enterprise ( me ); simulation modeling ( sm )
ID benchmarking; competition; computer simulation; costs; decision making;
   dynamics; furniture manufacture; industry; profitability; causal loop
   modeling ( clm ); dynamic impacts; integrated modeling; key performance
   indicators; manufacturing companies; manufacturing enterprise; manufacturing
   enterprise ( me ); resource element; simulation modeling ( sm ); system
   dynamics; systems approach; work patterns; industrial applications

---

UT 896
AR Díaz-Martínez JL, 2019, ESPAC, V40
TI Analysis of system dynamics in Vensim software; [Análisis de la dinámica de
   sistemas en el software Vensim]
AU Díaz-Martínez JL; Guerra-Aleman E; Neira-Molina H; Garcia-Restrepo J;
   Londoño-Lara LA
TC 3
SO ESPAC
PY 2019
AB this document deals with the review of research articles related to vensim
   software associated with system dynamics , in order to diagnose the
   application in different real cases within a modern context applied to the
   areas of engineering , medicine , population , food , marketing ,
   advertising , environment , solutions , research , among other fields of
   action , differentiating the quality of the initial product with the final
   product with respect to conventional processes . 2019 . revistaespacios .
   com .
DE dynamic systems; simulating in vensim; systems theory; vensim

---

UT 897
AR Asif A, 2020, BUILD ENV, V180, DOI 10.1016/j.buildenv.2020.106980
TI Indoor temperature, relative humidity and CO2 monitoring and air exchange
   rates simulation utilizing system dynamics tools for naturally ventilated
   classrooms
AU Asif A; Zeeshan M
TC 54
SO BUILD ENV
PY 2020
AB this study reports the results of two_season ( summer and winter )
   monitoring of indoor co2 , temperature ( t ) and relative humidity ( rh )
   levels conducted in naturally ventilated classrooms of a primary school .
   parameters were recorded at 1_min interval for one week including occupancy
   and non_occupancy hours . co2 , t and rh exceeded ashrae recommended limits
   for significant fraction of occupancy period . minute_by_minute ventilation
   ( vrs ) and air exchange rates ( aers ) were calculated for occupancy hours
   . results showed significant variation ( p 0.98 for all classrooms , using
   minute_by_minute vrs ) with monitored co2 concentration and low root mean
   square error . similarly , minute_by_minute vrs input to models showed more
   accurate simulation as compared to vrs averaged for a session ( correlation
   coefficient < 70 for all classrooms ) . finally , ashrae and rehva
   recommended vrs ( 8 and 3 l / s/person respectively ) were input to sd based
   model to simulate co2 concentration , in which the former successfully kept
   co2 levels below 1000 ppm and later failed to maintain claimed limits of
   1500 ppm . 2020 elsevier ltd
DE air exchange rate; indoor co2; system dynamics; thermal comfort; ventilation
   rate; ventilation simulation
ID air; ashrae standards; finance; mean square error; system theory;
   ventilation; air exchange rates; co2 concentration; comfort parameter;
   correlation coefficient; indoor temperature; minute ventilations; root mean
   square errors; vensim softwares; carbon dioxide; computer simulation; indoor
   air; numerical model; relative humidity; temperature effect; ventilation;
   carbon dioxide

---

UT 898
AR Wu D/2, 2013, APPL MATH MODEL, V39, P7277, DOI 10.1016/j.apm.2015.02.042
TI Possibility of Inventory Pooling in China's public hospital and appraisal
   about its performance
AU Wu D/2; Rossetti MD; Tepper JE
TC 18
SO APPL MATH MODEL
PY 2013
AB aiming to problems of high drug shortage possibility and rupture of
   liquidity caused by serious liquidity occupied in drug supply chain of
   public hospitals in china , this paper discusses effectiveness about
   application of inventory pooling theory in this section . employing vensim
   software of system dynamic , the paper establishes 2 simulation models of
   whole process from drug demand to supply involved by patients , hospitals ,
   distributors and manufacturers in traditional mode and the pooling mode
   respectively . by quantitative comparison and analysis , it is proved that
   inventory pooling could be an effective method to improve performance of
   drug supply chain in china , especially in cutting down shortage possibility
   and reducing liquidity occupied . 2015 elsevier inc . all rights reserved .
DE drug supply; inventory pooling; system dynamic; vensim
ID chains; computer software; supply chains; demand-to-supply; drug supply;
   improve performance; inventory pooling; quantitative comparison; system
   dynamics; vensim; vensim softwares; hospitals

---

UT 899
AR Singh S, 2020, J PHYS CONF SER, V1531, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1531/1/012118
TI Use of System Dynamics Forecasting Model in Transportation System to Reduce
   Vehicular Emissions-A Mathematical Approach
AU Singh S; Shukla BK; Sharma PK
TC 13
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2020
AB in recent years , the surface water quality has been observed deteriorating
   due to industrial activities and pollution in the punjab state . evaluation
   of surface water quality is an important issue to assure from its safe and
   stable use . however , describing quality conditions is generally difficult
   considering spatial variability of pollutants and a wide range of indicators
   like biological , physical and chemical substances which can be measured .
   this paper includes the study of surface water quality parameters in the
   northern punjab region . samples from different sources across northern
   punjab were analyzed for ph , tds , tss , turbidity , do , chloride content
   , iron content and hardness of surface water . the ph , tds , tss ,
   turbidity , do , chloride content , iron content and hardness were found in
   the range of 6.7_8.7 , 1358.00_1430.60 mg / l , 135.10_141.21 mg / l ,
   0.001_0.62 ntu , 0.96_7.80 mg / l , 0.80_15.56 mg / l , 0.01_0.02 mg / l and
   1.2_13.9 mg / l respectively . the obtained results were compared with the
   acceptance limits as given by indian standard code is : 10500_2012. the high
   values of water quality parameters obtained as a result of this study
   indicates the level of pollution of the different sources of surface water
   of northern punjab . at the end the obtained results were critically
   examined and suggestions were made for better management of surface water
   resources . an efficient transportation system is vital to economic
   development and a sustainable environment in a country . india ' s road
   transportation contributes to approximately 5.4 % of the gdp carrying 65 %
   of freight traffic and 85 % of passenger traffic . india ' s fuel imports
   are growing at an average of 18 % annually for which india spends 3.5 % of
   gdp , thereby posing a major threat to the economy of the country in the
   future . also , the use of such a high quantity of fuel causes vehicular
   pollution , which is responsible for fuel emission in urban areas . this
   study concentrates on carrying out an interdisciplinary work involving the
   sectors of transportation , energy , and environment considering the
   parameters like vehicle model split , fuel consumption and vehicular
   emissions . this is done by building , system dynamics ( sd ) forecasting
   simulation models using stella software to mathematically forecast these
   parameters in the upcoming years until 2030 . hence , a scenario of
   augmenting the growth rate of public transportation and simultaneously
   restricting the growth rate of personalized transportation showed a
   substantial decrease in fuel consumption and fuel emissions , which
   eventually resulted in a reduction of fuel cost as well as an increase in
   the gdp in the transportation system for chennai city . 2019 published under
   license by iop publishing ltd .
ID chlorine compounds; computer software; economics; forecasting; fuel economy;
   fuels; hardness; indicators ( chemical ); iron; river pollution; surface
   water resources; system theory; traffic surveys; turbidity; water hardness;
   forecasting modeling; industrial activities; interdisciplinary work;
   mathematical approach; public transportation; sustainable environment;
   transportation system; water quality parameters; surface waters

---

UT 900
AR Li X-G, 2014, PROC INT ASIA CONF IND ENG MANAG INNOV IEMI, P823, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-40060-5_79
TI System dynamics modeling in coal mine safety
AU Li X-G; Song X-F; Li X-C
TC 3
SO PROC INT ASIA CONF IND ENG MANAG INNOV IEMI
PY 2014
AB in order to study the occurrence mechanism of coal mine accidents in more
   detail , a simulation model on mine safety system was constructed by vensim
   . in the simulation model , the human related , equipment related ,
   environment related and cultural factors in the accidents causing process
   are analyzed to find the coal mine accident mechanism . with simulation in
   different scenarios and sensitivity analysis , the variation of causing
   factors and the influential relations are studied to seek the control
   approaches and management measures to the accidents of coal mine system .
   2014 springer_verlag berlin heidelberg . .
DE causing factors; coal mine safety; system dynamics; system simulation
ID accidents; coal mines; disasters; industrial engineering; system theory;
   causing factors; coal mine accidents; coal mine safety; cultural factors;
   management measures; system dynamics; system dynamics model; system
   simulations; computer simulation

---

UT 901
AR Sapiri H, 2010, WORLD ACAD SCI ENG TECHNOL, V46, P814
TI Dynamics simulation approach in analyzing pension expenditure
AU Sapiri H; Kamil AA; Tahar RM; Tumin H
TC 0
SO WORLD ACAD SCI ENG TECHNOL
PY 2010
AB salary risk and demographic risk have been identified as main risks in
   analyzing pension expenditure particularly in defined benefit pension plan .
   therefore , public pension plan in malaysia is studied to analyze pension
   expenditure due to salary and demographic risk . through the literature
   review and interview session with several officers in public sector ,
   factors affecting pension expenditure are determined . then , the
   inter_relationships between these factors are analyzed through causal loop
   diagram . the system dynamics model is later developed using ithink software
   to show how demographic and salary changes affect the pension expenditure .
   then , by using actual data , the impact of different policy scenarios on
   pension expenditure is analyzed . it is shown that dynamics simulation model
   of pension expenditure is useful to evaluate the impact of changes and
   policy decisions on risk particularly involving demographic and salary risk
   .
DE demographic and salary risk; pension expenditure; public policy; system
   dynamics
ID computer simulation; pension plans; public policy; system theory; wages;
   causal loop diagrams; dynamics simulation; inter-relationships; literature
   reviews; malaysia; pension expenditure; policy decisions; policy scenario;
   public sector; system dynamics; system dynamics model; population statistics

---

UT 902
AR Liu S/2, 2011, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V28, P245, DOI 10.1002/sres.1064
TI Representing qualitative variables and their interactions with fuzzy logic
   in system dynamics modeling
AU Liu S/2; Triantis KP; Sarangi S
TC 20
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2011
AB we propose a method for incorporating multiple linguistic or soft variables
   into a system dynamics framework . a simple example is used to illustrate
   the procedures necessary to define linguistic variables using triangular
   membership functions within the vensim simulation environment . we
   illustrate the operations of linguistic variables through a sales and
   service model where two linguistic variables , i . e . customer ' s
   satisfaction with respect to service , and lead time associated with a
   product , impact the conversion of potential customers into customers .
   after having created fuzzy triangular membership functions , we obtain the
   combined effect of the two linguistic variables using the max_min inference
   procedure . for defuzzification we use the notion of the largest of maximum
   to translate the fuzzy representation of the combined effect into a crisp
   value . finally , we provide simulation results pertaining to the
   probability of generating new customers and profits by considering
   pessimistic , optimistic and intermediate fuzzy rules for our model . 2010
   john wiley and sons , ltd .
DE fuzzy decision rules; fuzzy logic; linguistic variables; sales and service
   model; systems dynamics

---

UT 903
AR Zhuang X, 2020, J INTELL FUZZY SYST, V38, P6883, DOI 10.3233/JIFS-179766
TI Intelligent simulation of enterprise re-innovation support system based on
   system dynamics
AU Zhuang X
TC 4
SO J INTELL FUZZY SYST
PY 2020
AB technology innovation failure exists objectively . how to provide support
   for failed enterprises and improve their willingness to re_innovate has
   become a hot issue in the field of innovation management . to build a
   re_innovation support system for enterprises with failed innovation from the
   perspective of institutional environment , the system model of the
   re_innovation support system of the enterprises with failed innovation was
   established through the system dynamics method , the system boundary was
   defined , the causal relationship and the system flow graph of the model
   were analyzed , and the operation effect of the support system model was
   intelligent simulated by using vensim software . the results show that
   institutional support can effectively reduce the number of enterprises with
   failed innovation , increase the number of re_innovation enterprises , and
   further improve the enterprise income and government revenue , thus
   verifying the effectiveness of the re_innovation support system of
   enterprises with failed innovation . 2020_ios press and the authors . all
   rights reserved .
DE intelligent simulation; re-innovation; support system; system dynamics
ID flow graphs; causal relationships; effect of the support; innovation
   management; institutional support; intelligent simulations; system dynamics;
   technology innovation; vensim softwares; system theory

---

UT 904
AR Han Z, 2013, ADV J FOOD SCI TECHNOL, V5, P1505, DOI 10.19026/ajfst.5.3375
TI Enterprise brand competition ability and its application research based on
   system dynamics
AU Han Z; Ma J/2
TC 0
SO ADV J FOOD SCI TECHNOL
PY 2013
AB in this study we modeling the enterprise independent brand operation ability
   of the system with the method of system dynamics , have the , analysis to
   the relationship between r and d , production , marketing of the three
   subsystems , analyzes the factors that influence the brand competition risk
   , grasp the various factors for the competitive strategy of enterprise brand
   influence , implementation and algorithm by using vensim software and then
   through the clustering analysis , we have a study of 12 enterprises leather
   brand operation ability , the result has reference value for practical
   construction of independent brand+_s of chinese enterprises and we provide
   some suggestions to enhance the own brand operation capability of chinese
   enterprises , which has important theoretical innovation and practical
   significance . maxwell scientific organization , 2013 .
DE brand competition ability; brand operation ability; system dynamics
ID risk assessment; system theory; brand operation ability; chinese enterprise;
   clustering analysis; competition ability; competition risks; competitive
   strategy; system dynamics; theoretical innovations; competition

---

UT 905
AR Wang G, 2011, INT CONF ELECTR CONTROL ENG ICECE - PROC, P1696, DOI
   10.1109/ICECENG.2011.6058391
TI Research on city eco-security early warning based on system dynamics-A case
   of Liaohe river
AU Wang G; Ding X
TC 0
SO INT CONF ELECTR CONTROL ENG ICECE - PROC
PY 2011
AB city eco_security early_warning evaluation indicator system of liaohe river
   watershed based on pressure_state_response ( p_s_r ) was established , and
   on the basis of which , city eco_security early_warning model of
   resources_population_economy_society_environment composite system was built
   in this paper . this research adopts a combination assessment methods ,
   simulates a series of eco_security early_warning indexes of liaoning
   province frome 2010 to 2020 through vensim , to evaluate eco_security
   early_warning index value of 15 cities . the results show that eco_security
   early_warning assessment can be sorted into three types : safe areas ,
   consistently endangered areas and degraded areas . the latter two is
   regarded as early_warning areas , its eco_security trend is very serious in
   future ten years . the simulation results show that the model based on sd of
   the eco_security early_warning agrees with actual state . the results
   provide a theoretical basis for the development of liaohe river watershed
   plans . 2011 ieee .
DE city ecological security; early warning; liaohe river watershed; system
   dynamics
ID computer simulation; landforms; rating; system theory; watersheds;
   combination assessment method; early warning; ecological security;
   evaluation indicator system; index values; liaohe river watershed; liaoning
   province; model-based opc; river watersheds; simulation result; system
   dynamics; theoretical basis; river control

---

UT 906
AR Zarghami M, 2016, ARAB J GEOSCI, V9, DOI 10.1007/s12517-016-2676-3
TI Reservoir operation using system dynamics under climate change impacts: a
   case study of Yamchi reservoir, Iran
AU Zarghami M; Fotookian MR; Safari N; Aslanzadeh A
TC 13
SO ARAB J GEOSCI
PY 2016
AB this paper proposes a decision support system for yamchi reservoir operation
   in semi_arid region of iran . the paper consists of the following steps :
   firstly , the potential impacts of climate change on the streamflow are
   predicted . the study then presents the projections of future changes in
   temperature and precipitation under a2 scenario using the lars_wg
   downscaling model and under rcp2.6 , rcp4.5 , and rcp8.5 using the
   statistical downscaling model ( sdsm ) in the northwestern of iran . to do
   so , a general circulation model of hadcm3 is downscaled by using the
   lars_wg model . as a result , the average temperature , for the horizon 2030
   ( 20112030 ) , will increase by 0.77 c and precipitation will decrease by 11
   mm . secondly , the downscaled variables are used as input to the artificial
   neural network to investigate the possible impact of climate change on the
   runoffs . thirdly , the system dynamics model is employed to model different
   scenarios for reservoir operation using the vensim software . system
   dynamics is an effective approach for understanding the behavior of complex
   systems . simulation results demonstrate that the water shortage in
   different sectors ( including agriculture , domestic , industry , and
   environmental users ) will be enormously increased in the case of
   business_as_usual strategy . in this research , by providing innovative
   management strategies , including deficit irrigation , the vulnerability of
   reservoir operation is reduced . the methodology is evaluated by using
   different modeling tests which then motivates using the methodology for
   other arid / semi_arid regions . 2016 , saudi society for geosciences .
DE climate change; system dynamics; watershed management; yamchi reservoir
ID iran; artificial neural network; decision support system; down-scaling;
   future prospect; general circulation model; numerical model; precipitation (
   climatology ); reservoir; semi-arid region; streamflow; vulnerability;
   watershed

---

UT 907
AR Hu J/2, 2016, XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO, V48, P760
TI Simulation research on the housing demand of aged based on the system
   dynamics
AU Hu J/2; Zhou E
TC 0
SO XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2016
AB in this paper , the development of the housing for market was analyzed from
   the perspective of supply and demand , and the elderly housing market was
   divided into six subsystems , which was analyzed . then based on the theory
   and method of system dynamics , the system feedback loop was established
   according to the internal influence mechanism of the elderly housing market
   system . by means of the relationship between variables and the equation set
   , a system dynamics simulation model of urban housing market was built .
   according to the statistical data analysis of xi'an city yearbook and land
   resources and housing authority , the system dynamics software vensim ple
   was used to simulate the system . the housing market data from 2011 to 2015
   in xi'an was taken as the basis of the model , the development status of the
   housing market over the 5 years in xi'an was simulated , and the development
   trend in the next 5 years was predicted . finally , according to the
   simulation results , the corresponding counter measures was put forward for
   the government and enterprises , as provide reference for decision_making .
   2016 , editorial office of journal of xi'an university of architecture and
   technology . all right reserved .
DE dynamic system; housing demand of aged; housing of aged

---

UT 908
AR Nittinger E, 2020, SYST ENG DES SYMP SIEDS, DOI
   10.1109/SIEDS49339.2020.9106649
TI System Dynamics Flood Modeling Framework for Dam Failure Evacuation Planning
   in Developing Countries
AU Nittinger E; Arce GF; Gemici G; Soto V
TC 0
SO SYST ENG DES SYMP SIEDS
PY 2020
AB currently , available flood modeling approaches require high_performance
   computing ( hpc ) software and high_resolution terrain data . developing
   countries with unstable dams face challenges in accessing these technologies
   and acquiring the required data elements . this project developed a dynamic
   flood modeling methodology , using established hydrological assumptions ,
   that implemented simulation and optimization models to determine safe
   evacuation routes by using public datasets , publicly available technical
   expertise , and common computing capabilities . the peligre dam in haiti was
   the case study site since data from an hpc model was available for results
   comparison . qgis was used to extract the ' water flow factors ' which are :
   ( i ) channel slope , turns , and shape . ( ii ) major channel obstructions
   and channel terrain . ( iii ) floodplain shape . and ( iv ) major floodplain
   obstructions and floodplain terrain . a system dynamics model was created to
   simulate water flow as a function of time using vensim . this model used the
   water flow factors as inputs and produced the following key outputs : ( i )
   volumetric flow rate ( \mathrm { q }_{ \mathrm { i } , \mathrm { t } } ) , (
   ii ) water height over time ( \mathrm { h }_{ \mathrm { i } , \mathrm { t }
   } ) , ( iii ) time when actual flooding begins ( channelmax ) , and ( iv )
   time of maximal flooding ( floodplainmax ) . the results were plotted , and
   the root mean square errors were calculated to visualize the extent to which
   the results from the systems dynamics model compare with the hpc software
   results . evacuation routes were modeled with the shortest path algorithm by
   minimizing the feasible travel distance between at_risk populated areas and
   safe_high_ground areas with route constraints based on the system dynamics
   model ' s output . the validity of the results demonstrates that the
   proposed methodology can adequately model inundation and reliable evacuation
   routes for dam failure scenarios in developing countries . 2020 ieee .
DE dam failure inundation; flood modeling; optimization; shortest path linear
   programming; system dynamics
ID banks ( bodies of water ); dams; developing countries; disasters; floods;
   flow of water; hydraulics; mean square error; system theory; computing
   capability; evacuation planning; high performance computing ( hpc ); root
   mean square errors; shortest path algorithms; simulation and optimization
   models; system dynamics model; volumetric flow rate; failure ( mechanical )

---

UT 909
AR Zhang Q/1, 2010, PROC INT CONF E-BUS E-GOV ICEE, P4667, DOI
   10.1109/ICEE.2010.1171
TI Study on the supply chain inventory under electronic commerce base on system
   dynamics
AU Zhang Q/1; He F; Zhao X
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF E-BUS E-GOV ICEE
PY 2010
AB base on system dynamics , this paper use the software ithink to build two
   molds , they are traditional two_lever supply chain and electronic commerce
   two_lever supply chain . in the two molds , we use arrays to simulate a
   single inventory center ships out to multiple retailers . and some
   traditional constraints on dispatch centers are loosened , such as unlimited
   capacity . after the simulation , we compared the two molds from multi_angle
   and confirmed that electronic commerce two_lever supply chain outperforms
   the traditional two_lever supply chain such as low inventory , bullwhip
   weakened . 2010 ieee .
DE electronic commerce; inventory; simulation; supply chain
ID government data processing; molds; ships; supply chain management; supply
   chains; system theory; inventory; multi-angle; simulation; system dynamics;
   electronic commerce

---

UT 910
AR Lu Y/2, 2016, SAF SCI, V89, P219, DOI 10.1016/j.ssci.2016.06.018
TI System dynamics modeling of the safety evolution of blended-wing-body
   subscale demonstrator flight testing
AU Lu Y/2; Zhang S-G; Hao L; Huangfu H-Y; Sheng H
TC 29
SO SAF SCI
PY 2016
AB between 2008 and 2010 , three blended_wing_body ( bwb ) aircraft
   configuration subscale demonstrators developed by our research team
   encountered frequent accidents in flight tests . after the crash of the
   third demonstrator in march 2010 , we initialized a systematic safety
   control approach and achieved improved safety records on the fourth
   demonstrator in 2012 . this paper aims to develop a system dynamics model to
   represent such safety evolution process and to reveal the organizational
   mechanism involving complex dynamic interactions of accident causal factors
   ( technical , organizational and human ) . using vensim software as a
   modeling tool , a qualitative system dynamic simulation is performed to
   model the feedback relationships of safety_related variables that affect the
   accident rate of demonstrator flight testing across time . this paper gives
   an innovative example to apply system dynamics methodology on accident
   causation analysis in the area of aviation . 2016 elsevier ltd
DE causal loop; demonstrator flight accident; organization system safety;
   stock/flow simulation; system dynamics
ID aircraft accidents; computer software; flight simulators; flow control;
   safety testing; software testing; system theory; causal loop; flight
   accidents; organization system; stock/flow simulation; system dynamics;
   accident prevention; aerospace medicine; aircraft; aircraft accident;
   article; aviation; computer program; factorial analysis; flight;
   occupational hazard; occupational safety; priority journal; qualitative
   analysis; risk assessment; root cause analysis; three blended wing body
   aircraft; fighter aircraft

---

UT 911
AR Wang X-Q, 2014, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V34, P1352
TI Methods and case study on water ecological carrying capacity using SD model
AU Wang X-Q; Gao W; Zeng Y
TC 10
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2014
AB based on sd ( system dynamics ) model , a simulation and optimization method
   for water ecological carrying capacity was proposed , and the method was
   tested by its application in changzhou city . the sd model was developed by
   vensim dss software . using scenarios analysis , five scenario schemes
   including zero scheme , water saving scheme , low pollution control scheme ,
   moderate pollution control scheme and high pollution control scheme were
   designed from the views of water saving and pollution control . the water
   ecological carrying capacity in changzhou city was simulated by the five
   schemes , and the optimized scenario was screened by the genetic projection
   pursuit method . results showed that the high pollution control scheme was
   the recommended one . by the recommended scheme , changzhou city could
   burden a population of 4.81 million and gdp of 609.4 billion rmb . the
   utilization rate of water environmental capacity is up to 100 % , and the
   water resources utilization rate can not exceed 48.8 % . it is pointed out
   that to achieve these goals necessary measures must be taken , such as
   improving the water use efficiency , reducing the growth rate of seriously
   polluting industries , increasing the investment of sewage treatment and
   enhancing the sewage treatment ratios , and so on . this study could provide
   not only a method for the assessment of water ecological carrying capacity ,
   but also a theoretical basis for coordinated development of environmental
   protection and economics .
DE changzhou city; genetic projection pursuit model; scenario analysis; system
   dynamics model; water ecological carrying capacity; water environmental
   capacity utilization rate; water resources utilization rate
ID computer simulation; ecology; economics; pollution induced corrosion; sewage
   treatment; system theory; water conservation; water resources; changzhou;
   projection pursuit models; scenario analysis; system dynamics model; water
   ecological carrying capacities; water environmental capacities; water
   resources utilizations; water pollution

---

UT 912
AR Sokolovska Z, 2019, RIV STUD SULLA SOSTENIBILITA, V2019, P53, DOI
   10.3280/RISS2019-002006
TI An insurance company as an element of sustainable development of the state
   socio-economic system: Ukraine insurance companies case study
AU Sokolovska Z; Klepikova O; Cherkasova T
TC 2
SO RIV STUD SULLA SOSTENIBILITA
PY 2019
AB this article focuses on non_life insurance companies functioning and
   ensuring their sustainable development on the basis of the system dynamics
   method application on the ithink system software platform . the key points
   of the research are the analysis of economic and mathematical methods ,
   models , information technologies , which are used for risk valuation and
   insurance companies activity management . simulation models complex
   development for non_life insurance company management . the proposed
   approach allows insurance companies to analyze and pick up management
   factors for achieving sustainable development . to carry out an analysis of
   the indicators reflecting the internal and external factors that affect the
   stability of insurance companies and the insurance market of ukraine . the
   proposed simulation_models are aimed at situational testing of the insurance
   company ' s work in order to control financial sustainability and solvency
   indicators . 2019 franco angeli edizioni . all rights reserved .
DE financial stability; insurance company; insurance market; simulation
   modeling; socio-economic system; sustainable development; system dynamics

---

UT 913
AR Mo Y, 2015, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V286, P29, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-662-44674-4_3
TI System dynamics modeling and simulation of two-stage remanufacturing reverse
   supply chain
AU Mo Y; Li L/2; Huang W/1
TC 4
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2015
AB remanufacturing is a processing for recycling the availability value of used
   product . it contains recovery , disassembly , cleaning , overhaul , repair
   , and replacement operations , and product recovery operations in
   remanufacturing supply chains face continually changing product demand . in
   this paper , according to the principle and procedure of system dynamics
   modeling , system dynamic model of two_stage remanufacturing reverse supply
   chain including a reproducer and recycler is established . the simulation of
   model can be used to analyze the remanufacturing supply chain system from
   the macroscopic qualitative view and microcosmic quantitative view , and to
   improve the structure and get parameter optimization . as for the purpose of
   reducing the operation cost and improving the gross profit , this paper
   analyzes the influence of different factors to the cost and total profit of
   remanufacturing reverse supply chain through dynamic simulation . through
   analyzing and controlling the change of the impact factors , this paper
   presents the remanufacturing supply chain operation mode with higher
   benefits . springer_verlag berlin heidelberg 2015 .
DE remanufacturing; simulation; supply chain; system dynamics; vensim
ID profitability; repair; supply chains; system theory; parameter optimization;
   remanufacturing; remanufacturing supply chains; reverse supply chains;
   simulation; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling and simulations;
   vensim; chains

---

UT 914
AR Valencia J, 2015, SPRINGER PROC MATH STAT, V121, P349, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-12583-1_24
TI Qualitative analysis of climate seasonality effects in a model of national
   electricity market
AU Valencia J; Olivar G; Franco CJ/1; Dyner I
TC 4
SO SPRINGER PROC MATH STAT
PY 2015
AB in the following chapter , we present a model for the supply and demand of
   electricity in a domestic market based on system dynamics . additionally ,
   the model shows piecewise smooth differential equations arising from the
   diagram of flows and levels , using dynamical systems theory for the study
   of stability of the equilibrium points that have such a system . we also
   present simulations , nonlinear numerical analysis , and qualitative
   analysis to the system of differential equations obtained , which is
   characterized by dynamics not smooth , due to the way decisions are made in
   that market . using the software package vensim and event_based scheme
   implementation in matlab are verified as different saturation phenomena ,
   oscillations , fixed points , among others , and the relationship between
   leverage points and stability of equilibrium points . finally , we conclude
   the effects of climate seasonality in the market . furthermore , we show
   that the system becomes periodically forced due to the external variable .
   springer international publishing switzerland 2015 .
DE applied mathematics; electricity market; nonlinear system; non-smooth
   dynamical system; numerical analysis; simulation; stability analysis
ID climate models; commerce; differential equations; dynamical systems;
   economics; electric industry; matlab; nonlinear equations; nonlinear
   systems; numerical analysis; power markets; system theory; applied
   mathematics; national electricity markets; non-smooth dynamical systems;
   nonlinear numerical analysis; piecewise smooth differential equations;
   simulation; stability analysis; system of differential equations; system
   stability

---

UT 915
AR Li Y/4, 2014, J COMPUT SCI, V11, P6039, DOI 10.12733/jics20105124
TI Research on the pricing model of medical services in china based on system
   dynamics method
AU Li Y/4; Lu H; Xing X
TC 3
SO J COMPUT SCI
PY 2014
AB the current medical charge system is dominated by the government . facts
   have proved that this system had caused many unreasonable phenomena .
   consequently , the reform of medical service pricing system is emphasis and
   difficulty in china ' s medical system reform . the paper sets up the
   pricing process of medical services to analyze the dynamic mapping
   relationships between various factors . and this paper breaks the government
   independent pricing mold and establishes the medical service pricing method
   of government and hospitals co_decision . furthermore , this paper applies
   system dynamics method to build the simulation model of pricing medical
   services on vensim simulation platform that can overcome many drawbacks
   existing in the current pricing system of china ' s public hospitals . in
   addition , this paper compares simulation results with the current price of
   abdominal vascular color doppler ultrasound to illustrate the advantages of
   this model . the study will be helpful for the reform on new health care
   system in china . 2014 by binary information press
DE computation and simulation; delphi method; pricing model; system dynamics
ID hospitals; system theory; color doppler ultrasounds; delphi method; health
   care system; medical services; pricing models; simulation model; simulation
   platform; system dynamics; costs

---

UT 916
AR Zhu X, 2017, COMPLEX, V2017, DOI 10.1155/2017/5094218
TI Research on behavior model of rumor maker based on system dynamics
AU Zhu X; Liu F
TC 19
SO COMPLEX
PY 2017
AB laws of rumor makers ' behaviors are the root of curbing rumor and effective
   way to block rumor occurrence . therefore , based on system dynamics model ,
   this paper proposed the rumors behavior evolution model of rumor makers ,
   aimed at discovering the laws of rumor makers ' behaviors to achieve rumors
   blocking . first , by refining the driving factors in disinformation
   behavior , we constructed causal diagram of disinformation behavior
   evolution . secondly , by means of causal diagram , we constructed stockflow
   diagram for quantitative analysis . finally , simulation experiment was
   carried out by using vensim personal learning edition software ( vensim ple
   ) . the results showed that negative attitude is a major factor in the
   occurrence of disinformation behavior . personal factors aremore pronounced
   than the factors of social and government on the impact of disinformation
   propensity score . 2017 xiaoqian zhu and fengming liu .

---

UT 917
AR Cui H-R, 2014, ENERGY EDUC SCT TECHNOL ENERGY SCI RES, V32, P1419
TI Study on smart grid system based on system dynamics
AU Cui H-R; Peng X
TC 1
SO ENERGY EDUC SCT TECHNOL ENERGY SCI RES
PY 2014
AB smart grid is a large complex system , involving generation , transmission ,
   distribution and delivery of four links . this paper explains state
   variables , rate variables and constants in the development of smart grid
   system by vensim and analyzes subsystems causal feedback relationship .
   finally , this paper analyzes the simulation on the amount of funding and
   professionals in the smart grid system dynamics flow diagram after inputting
   dynamo equations . the simulation analysis shows that the development of the
   smart grid should focus on training professionals . professional talent is a
   source of strength in the smart grid development . at the same time , we
   should also pay attention to industrial policy related to the smart grid .
   sila science . all rights reserved .
DE countermeasures; feedback; smart grid system; system dynamics
ID feedback; radar countermeasures; rate constants; system theory; dynamo
   equations; flow diagram; industrial policies; large complex systems;
   simulation analysis; smart grid systems; state variables; system dynamics;
   smart power grids

---

UT 918
AR Li Y/4, 2015, ICIC EXPRESS LETT, V9, P1817
TI Research on modeling and simulation of medical service pricing applying
   system dynamics method
AU Li Y/4; Xing X; Lu H
TC 0
SO ICIC EXPRESS LETT
PY 2015
AB the current pricing mode of medical services dominated by the government has
   caused many unreasonable phenomena . consequently , the paper sets up the
   pricing process of medical services to analyze the dynamic mapping
   relationships between various factors . and then this paper establishes the
   pricing model of government and hospitals co_decision that can avoid many
   drawbacks existing in the current pricing system . fur_thermore , this paper
   applies system dynamics theory to build the simulation model of medical
   service pricing on vensim simulation platform . in addition , based on
   guangzhou health status , this paper simulates the pricing process of
   fiberoptic bronchoscopy and dis_cusses simulation results compared with the
   current price . 2015 , issn 1881_803x .
DE delphi method; modeling and simulation; pricing model; system dynamics
ID endoscopy; system theory; delphi method; medical services; model and
   simulation; pricing models; pricing systems; simulation model; simulation
   platform; system dynamics; costs

---

UT 919
AR Lefaan Y, 2018, PROC INT CONF TECHNOL ELECTR ENG SMART TECHNOL SOC ICITEE,
   P58, DOI 10.1109/ICITEED.2018.8534793
TI System dynamics model with human development paradigm for projection of
   electricity needs per household 2016-2050 in Papua Province-Indonesia
AU Lefaan Y; Dalimi R
TC 3
SO PROC INT CONF TECHNOL ELECTR ENG SMART TECHNOL SOC ICITEE
PY 2018
AB population growth and economic growth often used as driving factors to make
   electricity demand growth projections . however , this projection method can
   not be used entirely in the papua province because the industrial sector has
   not developed yet , and the trade andservices sectors are still relatively
   small and scattered . this paper proposes a new method that is
   mostappropriate to the characteristics of the region and population
   distribution in papua province , namely by using population growth and human
   development index ( hdi ) as driving factors for electricity demand growth
   projection . using the system dynamics model and using 2015as the baseyear ,
   the projection of average electricity needs per household in 20162050 in
   papua province have simulated . biak_numfor regency , jayapura municipality
   , jayawijaya regency andmerauke regency with different topography conditions
   were selected in this study to demonstrate the application of system
   dynamics model with the human development paradigm for projection of
   electricity needs per household in papua province . the method used in this
   study is the exponential regression between hdi as the independent variable
   and the average electricity consumption per household as the dependent
   variable . system dynamics modeling and simulation isdone using powersim
   studio tool . at the beginning of the simulation year obtained hdi were
   71.47.78.93 . 55.03and 68.41 respectively in biak_numfor regency , jayapura
   municipality , jayawijaya regency , and merauke regency , and at the end of
   the simulation year obtained hdi were 83.65 . 87.80 . 75.88 and 83.56. at
   the beginning of the simulation year obtained average electricity needs per
   household were 1,649 . 2,810 . 2,361 and 2,045 in kwh units respectively in
   biak_numfor regency , jayapura municipality , jayawijaya regency , and
   merauke regency . at the end of thesimulation year obtained average
   electricity needs per household were 2,250 . 5,466 . 4,340 and 4,360 in kwh
   units . 2018 ieee .
DE average electricity needs per household; hdi; papua province
ID economics; electric power utilization; system theory; average electricity
   needs per household; electricity demand growth; electricity-consumption;
   exponential regression; human development index; independent variables;
   papua province; system dynamics modeling and simulations; population
   statistics

---

UT 920
AR Zhao X/3, 2014, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V279, P271, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-54927-4_26
TI Research on evolution mechanism of runway incursion risks based on system
   dynamics
AU Zhao X/3; Luo F/1
TC 2
SO ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT
PY 2014
AB based on system dynamics theory , the system boundary of runway incursion is
   confirmed . the causal loop diagram and system flow diagram of runway
   incursion risks evolution are built . the logical relationship and feedback
   mechanisms between the factors are analyzed . the process of runway
   incursion evolution is revealed and the trend of this evolution is
   forecasted . based on the system dynamics software vensim , the simulation
   results show that the risk value of runway incursion stabilizes after
   experiencing the peak value in a period of time . the finding is consistent
   with practical state of runway incursion in the civil aviation industry ,
   which verifies the validity of the model . springer_verlag berlin heidelberg
   2014 .
DE evolution mechanism; runway incursion; system dynamics
ID civil aviation; computer software; intelligent systems; knowledge
   engineering; aviation industry; causal loop diagrams; evolution mechanism;
   feedback mechanisms; logical relationships; runway incursion; system
   boundary; system dynamics; system theory

---

UT 921
AR Seyedhosseini SM, 2011, AUST J BASIC APPL SCI, V5, P182
TI Recognition dynamic model of world class manufacturing in Iranian automotive
   industry
AU Seyedhosseini SM; Soloukdar A
TC 2
SO AUST J BASIC APPL SCI
PY 2011
AB the subject matter of world class manufacturing ( wcm ) has attracted the
   attention of many manufacturing industries and operation strategists . lack
   of clarification of relationships among widely spreading elements of
   manufacturing process by applying an integrated model of system dynamics (
   sd ) by causal loop and stock and flow diagrams , and the lack of attention
   to non_linearity and time delays , all are the main reasons that some
   companies may be far away from developing a comprehensive , and advantageous
   model in a wcm system . this research has been carried out as a case study
   in the iran khodro co . moreover , by examining the company ' s balanced
   scorecard ( bsc ) structure and its strategy as well , a dynamic integrated
   model of bsc has been provided for implementing wcm strategies and
   eliminating deficiencies related to the classical architecture of bsc and
   strategic management approach as well . we used vensim software for
   designing and analyzing our model after entering related data , parameters ,
   and equations .
DE dynamic balanced scorecard; iran khodro co; system dynamics; world class
   manufacturing

---

UT 922
AR Stadnicka D/1, 2019, INT J PROD ECON, V208, P400, DOI
   10.1016/j.ijpe.2018.12.011
TI Value stream mapping and system dynamics integration for manufacturing line
   modelling and analysis
AU Stadnicka D/1; Litwin P
TC 81
SO INT J PROD ECON
PY 2019
AB companies have to meet clients ' requirements with regard to product quality
   and delivery time . in order to survive and have possibilities to develop ,
   companies should do it at minimal cost . the lean manufacturing
   implementation approach together with lean tools , such as value stream
   mapping ( vsm ) , is an efficient way for waste identification and
   elimination . however , since vsm enables only a static analysis of a
   manufacturing system , the authors present in this paper how the integration
   of vsm with a system dynamics analysis ( sda ) may increase the
   possibilities for waste identification and elimination . at first , the
   methodology of extended vsm is described . then , an extended value stream
   map ( vsmap ) is developed and a system dynamics model ( sdm ) for a case
   study from the automotive industry is presented . next , simulations in
   vensim software are performed considering the inventory limitations and
   disturbances such as delivery delays , machine failures and nonconformities
   . the results are related to inventory levels , a number of manufactured
   products and work stand load . the article proves that the proposed extended
   vsm may be used as the only source of data for the construction of a
   manufacturing line computer model . the paper also argues that the
   integration of vsm and sd allows not only to identify and eliminate waste ,
   but also to understand the impact of the identified problems on wip and the
   production volume . 2018 elsevier b . v .
DE computer simulations; extended value stream mapping; inventory level
   reduction; manufacturing system analysis; system dynamics analysis
ID automotive industry; computer hardware description languages; computer
   simulation; integration; mapping; static analysis; system theory; inventory
   levels; manufactured products; manufacturing implementations; modeling and
   analysis; quality and delivery; system dynamics; system dynamics model;
   value stream mapping; manufacture

---

UT 923
AR [Anonymous], 2013, ADV ENV BIOL, V7, P562
TI Simultaneous simulation of both surface and groundwater resources using
   system dynamics approach (Case study: Taleghan dam)
TC 7
SO ADV ENV BIOL
PY 2013
AB the method of system dynamics , derived from systematic thinking , is a
   useful tool in management and planning . simultaneous study of the surface
   and groundwater of a region aids the proper exploitation of the water
   resources of the region . in the current research , by investigating
   taleghandam ( iran ) using the system dynamics approach , the effects of dam
   construction on sustainability and groundwater resources control as well as
   their operation management approach is studied . furthermore , due to the
   increasing demand for drinking water in tehran province , the potential
   drinking water withdrawal from the taleghan dam in the future and its
   effects on providing other regional demands was observed . therefore , as a
   result of this study , a practical model was created that could be used for
   any place in the world having similar conditions to that of the investigated
   region here , only by changing the input data to that of the desired region
   . in addition , management scenario can help the sustainability of the water
   resources either by increasing the irrigation efficiency of the region or by
   proper economic saving . three indices ( vulnerability , sustainability and
   reliability ) were calculated for each of the four scenarios . the results
   are presented in this paper .
DE simultaneous simulation; surface and groundwater resources; system dynamics;
   vensim

---

UT 924
AR Liu M/1, 2011, INT CONF ARTIF INTELL MANAG SCI ELECTRON COMMER AIMSEC -
   PROC, P5035, DOI 10.1109/AIMSEC.2011.6010236
TI Food supply chain risk assessment based on the theory of system dynamics
AU Liu M/1; Fan H
TC 3
SO INT CONF ARTIF INTELL MANAG SCI ELECTRON COMMER AIMSEC - PROC
PY 2011
AB in today ' s increasingly competitive market , supply chain risk management
   is increasingly being valued by managers . in the foundation of
   investigation and study , and by the system dynamics theory , we analysis
   the causal relationship of seven main risks on food supply chain by vensim
   simulation software . and dynamically evaluate to risk factors by causal
   relationship , the influence strength level of risk factors to food supply
   chain system is orderedvand it can provide scientific basis for the
   policy_making of food supply chain risk management . 2011 ieee .
DE risk assessment; supply chain; system dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; chains; computer software; electronic commerce;
   food supply; management science; rating; risk assessment; risk management;
   supply chains; system theory; causal relationships; competitive markets;
   policy making; risk factors; simulation software; supply chain risk
   management; system dynamics; supply chain management

---

UT 925
AR Li J/6, 2013, INT COMPUT CONF WAVELET ACT MEDIA TECHNOL PROCESS ICCWAMTIP,
   P273, DOI 10.1109/ICCWAMTIP.2013.6716647
TI Producers inventory control system research based on system dynamics
AU Li J/6; Zheng X-B
TC 0
SO INT COMPUT CONF WAVELET ACT MEDIA TECHNOL PROCESS ICCWAMTIP
PY 2013
AB the viewpoint that logistic is the third origin of profit has been generally
   recognized , and supply chain inventory management has been the focus of
   management research accordingly . the enterprises of our country are
   obsessed by the problem of inventory all along . based on former researches
   , the writer applies system dynamics to producer inventory management .
   after establishing sd inventory models in accordance with producer the
   writer do some simulation by vensim , in order to provide the reference of
   producer inventory management ' s practice . 2013 ieee .
DE inventory control model; producer; supply chain; system dynamics

---

UT 926
AR Zhang M/5, 2017, J LOSS PREV PROCESS IND, V50, P101, DOI
   10.1016/j.jlp.2017.09.005
TI A system dynamics model for risk perception of lay people in communication
   regarding risk of chemical incident
AU Zhang M/5; Wang X/1; Mannan MS; Qian C; Wang J/6
TC 25
SO J LOSS PREV PROCESS IND
PY 2017
AB risk perception plays an important role in risk communication and chemical
   incident prevention when engaging with different groups of people . risk
   perception of lay people emphasizes the individual experience of intuitive
   judgment and subjective cognition . to study the mechanism of this process
   on chemical incidents , three causality feedback loops were achieved by
   analyzing previous studies on this mental process . meanwhile , system
   dynamics models were constructed . detailed causal trees of the key state
   variables ( risk perception , risk perspective , risk response , and risk
   communication ) were illustrated and applied to a quantitative simulation
   using vensim software . the simulation results reflect the dynamic process
   of risk perception of lay people , and specific curves of the key state
   variables were explained to support the rationality of the models . a
   sensitivity analysis among the state variables and some auxiliary variables
   were implemented to identify their internal relationships . the proposed
   methodology quantifies the diversification of psychological activities of
   risk perception through the simulated data and images , and offers a tool to
   optimize risk management and the emergency rescue of lay people at risk of a
   chemical incident . 2017 elsevier ltd
DE chemical incident; lay people; risk communication; risk perception; system
   dynamics model
ID behavioral research; chemical analysis; computer software; risk management;
   sensitivity analysis; system theory; auxiliary variables; chemical
   incidents; internal relationships; lay peoples; quantitative simulation;
   risk communication; system dynamics model; vensim softwares; risk perception

---

UT 927
AR Gu Q, 2016, JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG, V22, P2469, DOI
   10.13196/j.cims.2016.10.022
TI Management strategy of inspection error rate in reverse supply chain of
   remanufacturing
AU Gu Q; Gao T
TC 7
SO JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG
PY 2016
AB in reverse supply chain of remanufacturing , four activities of collecting ,
   inspecting , disassembling and remanufacturing were needed by used_product '
   s remanufacturing respectively . based on the reverse supply chain which
   included the collector and the remanufacturer , the impacts of inspection
   error rates ( a and b ) on inventories and profits of the supply chain
   members and the market satisfied_ratio were researched by considering the
   case that the collector was responsible for inspecting . by using software
   of system dynamics vensim 5.10 , a system dynamics model of reverse supply
   chain of remanufacturing with inspection error rates was built , and the
   numerical simulation were presented . the simulation results showed that the
   remanufacturer ' s profit and the collector ' s profit were increased along
   with the decreases of inspection error rate b . the remanufacturer ' s
   profit was increased and the collector ' s profit was decreased along with
   the decreases of inspection error rate a . by adjusting the management
   strategy of inspection error rate a , all of the remanufacture ' s profit
   and the collector ' s profit were increased when the inspection error rate a
   was decreased . at the same time , the reasonable ranges of reducing
   inspection error rates were given . 2016 , editorial department of cims .
   all right reserved .
DE inspection error rate; remanufacturing; reverse supply chain; system
   dynamics
ID computer software; errors; profitability; supply chains; system theory;
   inspection errors; management strategies; remanufacturer; remanufacturing;
   reverse supply chains; system dynamics; system dynamics model; used product;
   inspection

---

UT 928
AR Yang H/1, 2016, INT CONF LOGIST INFORMATICS SERV SCI LISS, DOI
   10.1109/LISS.2016.7854341
TI Study on efficiency of supply chain based on single revenue sharing contract
   and double contracts combination
AU Yang H/1; Du J
TC 5
SO INT CONF LOGIST INFORMATICS SERV SCI LISS
PY 2016
AB supply chain contract plays an important role in the coordination of members
   of supply chain . the existing application of supply chain contracts is
   mainly based on a single contract , which exist some limitations . from the
   point of combination of supply chain contracts , we establish two models
   based on system dynamics , one is revenue sharing contract model and the
   other is the combination model consisting of quantity discount contract and
   revenue sharing contract . then , we use vensim to simulate . the results
   show that the combination model is more conducive to the overall efficiency
   of the supply chain . this paper provides a new way for the study on supply
   chain coordination . 2016 ieee
DE combination model; quantity-discount contract; revenue sharing contract;
   system dynamics
ID efficiency; combination models; overall efficiency; quantity-discount
   contract; revenue sharing contracts; single contract; supply chain
   contracts; supply chain coordination; system dynamics; supply chains

---

UT 929
AR Kukartsev VV/1, 2020, J PHYS CONF SER, V1582, DOI
   10.1088/1742-6596/1582/1/012052
TI Simulation-dynamic model of working time costs calculation for performance
   of operations on CNC machines
AU Kukartsev VV/1; Boyko AA; Mikhalev AS; Tynchenko VS; Rukosueva AA;
   Korpacheva LN
TC 3
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2020
AB this article presents a simulation_dynamic model for determining the time
   spent on machining operations on machines with a numerical control ( cnc ) .
   the model is developed on the basis of the system dynamics method using
   powersim studio tools . in the shown model , the calculations of the
   probabilistic deviation of the actual time of technological operations on
   cnc machines from the technically sound time norm were carried out on the
   basis of the gaussian normal distribution law . the model was used as a tool
   to study the probabilistic distribution of time for equipment retooling and
   to perform technological operations on haas sl_20 cnc machines . the study
   allows us to conclude that the constructed simulation dynamic model is quite
   universal and , on its basis , it is possible to carry out a variety of
   studies concerning various aspects of the technical substantiation of the
   time norms for performing machining operations on cnc machines . published
   under license by iop publishing ltd .
ID dynamic models; industrial research; machining centers; manufacture; normal
   distribution; gaussian normal distribution; machining operations; numerical
   control; on-machines; probabilistic distribution; system dynamics;
   technological operations; working time; computer control systems

---

UT 930
AR Shen D, 2014, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V435 PART II, P539, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-07854-0_94
TI Research on Internal Dynamic in Interactive Development among Airport-Based
   Comprehensive Bonded Zones
AU Shen D
TC 1
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2014
AB the intention of this paper is to investigate the interactive development
   among free trade zones ( ftzs ) . we take the acbzs as an example type of
   ftzs . we adopt the system dynamics method to analyze the interactive
   development dynamic of acbzs by using vensim . we find that the increasing
   demand on efficiency of trading and producing are the two types of intrinsic
   motivation in the interaction . we also discuss the possible models from
   port , industry and customs aspects . the analyzing on causal relationship
   between each index , and drawing causal loop diagrams , and the establishing
   of flow diagram mode give a practicable study way on this kind of
   interactive development . springer international publishing switzerland 2014
   .
DE airport-based comprehensive bonded zone ( acbz ); ftz; interactive
   development model; internal dynamic; systematic analysis
ID computer science; computers; airport-based comprehensive bonded zone ( acbz
   ); ftz; interactive development; internal dynamics; systematic analysis;
   commerce

---

UT 931
AR Song YG, 2015, J KOREAN ACAD NURS, V45, P280, DOI 10.4040/jkan.2015.45.2.280
TI Model for unplanned self extubation of ICU patients using system dynamics
   approach
AU Song YG; Yun EK
TC 3
SO J KOREAN ACAD NURS
PY 2015
AB purpose : in this study a system dynamics methodology was used to identify
   correlation and nonlinear feedback structure among factors affecting
   unplanned extubation ( ue ) of icu patients and to construct and verify a
   simulation model . methods : factors affecting ue were identified through a
   theoretical background established by reviewing literature and preceding
   studies and referencing various statistical data . related variables were
   decided through verification of content validity by an expert group . a
   causal loop diagram ( cld ) was made based on the variables . stock and flow
   modeling using vensim ple plus version 6.0b was performed to establish a
   model for ue . results : based on the literature review and expert
   verification , 18 variables associated with ue were identified and cld was
   prepared . from the prepared cld , a model was developed by converting to
   the stock and flow diagram . results of the simulation showed that patient
   stress , patient in an agitated state , restraint application , patient
   movability , and individual intensive nursing were variables giving the
   greatest effect to ue probability . to verify agreement of the ue model with
   real situations , simulation with 5 cases was performed . equation check and
   sensitivity analysis on time step were executed to validate model integrity
   . conclusion : results show that identification of a proper model enables
   prediction of ue probability . this prediction allows for adjustment of
   related factors , and provides basic data do develop nursing interventions
   to decrease ue . 2015 korean society of nursing science .
DE airway extubation; intensive care units; nonlinear dynamics
ID adult; airway extubation; female; humans; intensive care units; intubation
   intratracheal; male; middle aged; models theoretical; nonlinear dynamics;
   risk factors; adult; endotracheal intubation; extubation; female; human;
   intensive care unit; male; middle aged; nonlinear system; psychology; risk
   factor; theoretical model

---

UT 932
AR Wei L/1, 2016, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V28, P3054, DOI
   10.16182/j.issn1004731x.joss.201612025
TI Modeling and simulation of boiler superheated steam temperature system based
   on system dynamics
AU Wei L/1; Yan Y
TC 3
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2016
AB based on the principle of system dynamics , from the perspective of mass and
   energy conservation , taking the causal loop diagrams and the stock and flow
   diagrams as the carriers , and starting from the running mechanism of the
   system , the system dynamics model for the boiler superheated steam
   temperature system was established . this model has clear structure and
   reasonable complexity . by using the high temperature super_heater of the
   300 mw boiler_turbine unit of hebei qingyuan power plant as the research
   object , simulation studies were carried out in vensim ple environment . the
   simulation curves were compared with the curves of the actual production
   data and the traditional model , whose data was identified by using the
   particle swarm algorithm . the results of the comparisons verify the
   effectiveness and rationality of the established model . 2016 , the
   editorial board of journal of system simulation . all right reserved .
DE causal loop diagram; modeling; stock flow diagram; superheated steam
   temperature; system dynamics

---

UT 933
AR Yang B, 2019, J COAST RES, V94, P891, DOI 10.2112/SI94-176.1
TI Dynamics Model and Simulation of Core Competence of Maritime Logistics
   Enterprises for Service Innovation
AU Yang B; Xie L
TC 2
SO J COAST RES
PY 2019
AB the changes in the maritime service market have brought unprecedented
   challenges to maritime service enterprises . this paper uses the method of
   system dynamics to study the causal relationship of the core competence of
   maritime logistics enterprises from the perspective of service innovation by
   analyzing its influencing factors and evolution process , thus constructs
   the system dynamics model of the evolution of core competence of maritime
   logistics enterprises , and then uses vensim ple to simulate the model .
   through the verification and analysis of the validity and sensitivity of the
   simulation model , it shows that the model can fit the evolution process of
   the core competence of the maritime logistics enterprise , reveal the
   process and mechanism of it , and provide management strategy for the
   competence ' s upgrading . so it can improve the overall efficiency of
   maritime logistics enterprises , guide them to take competitive advantages
   in the fast and changing market . the construction and operation of computer
   simulation model provides an effective research method and way for the
   evolution of core competence of maritime logistics enterprises . coastal
   education and research foundation , inc . 2019 .
DE core competence of maritime logistics enterprises; service innovation;
   system dynamics model; vensim simulation
ID computer simulation; industrial enterprise; innovation; logistics; maritime
   trade; market system; model validation; research method; service sector

---

UT 934
AR Yan W-Y, 2016, PROCEDIA ENG, V135, P431, DOI 10.1016/j.proeng.2016.01.152
TI Subway Fire Cause Analysis Model Based on System Dynamics: A Preliminary
   Model Framework
AU Yan W-Y; Wang J-H; Jiang J-C
TC 32
SO PROCEDIA ENG
PY 2016
AB this paper collects typical major subway fire cases in nearly 20 years .
   through analysis of these cases , the causes of the fire accidents are
   summed up . and further the influence factors of these reasons are extracted
   , including four aspects namely equipment , human , environment and
   emergency management . on this basis , combined with the relevant principles
   of system dynamics , the influence of various factors on the happening ,
   spreading and controlling of subway fires are considered . then , a
   simulation model of subway fire accident rate is constructed by vensim . the
   equations of relevant variables and parameters of the system are given
   preliminarily . 2016 the authors .
DE case analysis; model; subway fire; system dynamics
ID accidents; fire extinguishers; fires; models; railroads; risk management;
   system theory; analysis models; case analysis; emergency management; fire
   accident; preliminary model; simulation model; subway fire; system dynamics;
   fire protection

---

UT 935
AR Belhajali I, 2013, INT CONF ADV LOGIST TRANSP ICALT, P488, DOI
   10.1109/ICAdLT.2013.6568507
TI System dynamics simulation to determine safety stock for a single-stage
   inventory system
AU Belhajali I; Hachicha W
TC 6
SO INT CONF ADV LOGIST TRANSP ICALT
PY 2013
AB in this paper , a single_stage inventory system , which analytical method
   results exist in previous literature is considered . this case is one of an
   adaptive base_stock policy for a single_item inventory system , where the
   demand process is no_stationary . the demand process is modeled as an
   integrated moving average process for which an exponential_weighted moving
   average provides the optimal forecast . the case study objective is about
   how characterize the required inventory and how identify the safety stock
   requirements . for this purpose , a system dynamics approach is developed
   through a flow diagram model and simulated using vensim software . the
   results of the comparative study show that system dynamics approach is very
   useful . the system dynamics models can provide increased comprehension of ,
   and improved insight into , the performance of an inventory system . the
   extension of system dynamics seems very interesting for the analysis of
   complex supply chain problems . in fact , analytical methods are perceived
   to be unhelpful by management or may require oversimplification . 2013 ieee
   .
DE comparative study; flow diagram; inventory system; safety stock; simulation;
   system dynamics
ID computer simulation; flowcharting; supply chains; system theory; comparative
   studies; flow diagram; inventory systems; safety stock; simulation; system
   dynamics; inventory control

---

UT 936
AR Wu D/2, 2017, INT J TELEMED APPL, V2017, DOI 10.1155/2017/1503298
TI Research on optimization of pooling system and its application in drug
   supply chain based on big data analysis
AU Wu D/2; Mao H
TC 8
SO INT J TELEMED APPL
PY 2017
AB reform of drug procurement is being extensively implemented and expanded in
   china , especially in today ' s big data environment . however , the pattern
   of supply mode innovation lags behind procurement improvement . problems in
   financial strain and supply break frequently occur , which affect the
   stability of drug supply . drug pooling system is proposed and applied in a
   few pilot cities to resolve these problems . from the perspective of supply
   chain , this study analyzes the process of setting important parameters and
   sets out the tasks of involved parties in a pooling system according to the
   issues identified in the pilot run . the approach is based on big data
   analysis and simulation using system dynamic theory and modeling of vensim
   software to optimize system performance . this study proposes a theoretical
   framework to resolve problems and attempts to provide a valuable reference
   for future application of pooling systems . 2017 dengfeng wu and hongyi mao
   .
ID computer software; data handling; information analysis; supply chains;
   analysis and simulation; data environment; future applications; its
   applications; supply modes; system dynamics; theoretical framework; vensim
   softwares; article; conceptual framework; data analysis; drug manufacture;
   information system; process optimization; purchasing; simulation; software;
   big data

---

UT 937
AR Cheng X, 2019, "MIN SAF ENV PROT", V46, P124
TI Simulation Analysis of Coal Mine Input Management based on System Dynamics;
   [基于系统动力学的煤矿投入管理仿真分析]
AU Cheng X; Cui F; Chen J; Yang G; Chang B
TC 0
SO "MIN SAF ENV PROT"
PY 2019
AB in order to accurately predict the stability movement trend of the healthy
   development system of kuangou coal mine , 20 factors affecting the stability
   of the system were analyzed comprehensively and divided into 5 subsystems .
   the simulation model ( sd model ) was established by using the principle of
   system dynamics and vensim software . firstly , the interaction relationship
   between each influence factor and its feedback relationship with the
   subsystem were analyzed , and the causal loop diagram and the stock flow
   diagram were drawn . secondly , the influence factors and the weight of
   subsystems were analyzed by priority map method ( pc ) , and the parameters
   of sd model were determined based on the security level evaluation criteria
   and expert scores . finally , vensim software was used to simulate and
   predict impact factors and subsystems under different input schemes , and
   the main influence factor of each subsystem , as well as the key subsystem
   that determined the stability of the healthy development system of coal mine
   were obtained , and the optimal input scheme was determined . the analysis
   results show that in order to improve the stability of the mine health
   development system , kuangou coal mine needs to increase the investment in
   four aspects : system management capabilities , investment in advanced
   equipment , introduction of scientific and technological talents and safety
   education and training , and focus on scientific research investment . the
   author ( s ) 2019 .
DE coal mine; healthy development; investment management; sd model; system
   dynamics; system stability

---

UT 938
AR Zhou F/1, 2019, JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG, V25, P508, DOI
   10.13196/j.cims.2019.02.024
TI Economy of quality for Chinese domestic automotive products based on systems
   dynamics simulation; [基于系统动力学仿真的国产汽车质量经济性研究]
AU Zhou F/1; Wang X/8; Ye Z; Lin Y; He Y
TC 1
SO JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG
PY 2019
AB to study the quality of economics of automobile parts and domestic vehicles
   from total lifecycle perspective , a system dynamic model based on the
   quality generation of automobile and continuous quality improvement
   procedure was established . in light of the two dimensional quality related
   cost ( 2d_qrc ) , the prevention_appraisal_failure ( paf ) cost and
   lifecycle cost were highlighted to describe the economy of auto products .
   the maintenance frequency per thousand vehicles ( r/1000@3mis ) and customer
   complaints per thousand vehicles ( tgw/1000@3mis ) indexes were employed to
   reflect the quality level of key parts and automobile products . to evaluate
   the quality of economics of automobile product , vensim ple was applied to
   simulate the constructed system dynamics model , which could derive the
   variation trend of key indicators in different quality investment portfolios
   of specific quality activities . the simulation results showed that the
   quality investment could improve the performance of quality of economic
   indicators , especially by quality improvement of key parts and supplier
   management , and there existed the obvious discrepancy of improvement
   performance among different quality activities and improvement strategies .
   the domestic automotive industry could improve the quality of economics of
   their products with key outsourcing parts enhancement , which would provide
   theoretical support and practical reference to the future research on
   strategic quality improvement plan establishment . 2019 , editorial
   department of cims . all right reserved .
DE domestic automobile; quality of economics; r/1000@3mis; simulation; systems
   dynamics; tgw/1000@3mis
ID automobiles; automotive industry; investments; life cycle; continuous
   quality improvement; improvement strategies; quality improvement plans;
   r/1000@3mis; simulation; system dynamic models; systems dynamics;
   tgw/1000@3mis; economics

---

UT 939
AR Ma Y/2, 2013, J SOFTW, V8, P1194, DOI 10.4304/jsw.8.5.1194-1200
TI On the system dynamics of the logistic risk of marketing channels
AU Ma Y/2; Feng F
TC 0
SO J SOFTW
PY 2013
AB logistics runs through the entire process of an enterprise ' s production
   and management . logistics , as an enterprise ' s ' ' the third profit
   source ' ' , is an effective management tools for companies to obtain and
   maintain a competitive advantage , the management of logistics risk of
   marketing channels is a critical part of the risk management of channels .
   the paper introduces the logistics risk types , and from the systematic view
   , analyzes the connotation of the logistics system of marketing channels ,
   and factors influencing the logistics risk of marketing channels are
   indicated . on this base , a systematic dynamics model for the logistics
   risk of marketing channels is constructed , and the simulated results is
   obtained by vensim ple . the results show that it is essential for logistics
   risk management in marketing channel to control suppliers ' , manufacturers
   ' and distributors ' own possible risks and decrease the outflow rate . 2013
   academy publisher .
DE logistic risk; marketing channels; ystem dynamics
ID commerce; competition; computer simulation; industry; logistics;
   profitability; risk management; competitive advantage; critical parts;
   dynamics models; effective management; logistics system; marketing channels;
   simulated results; system dynamics; marketing

---

UT 940
AR Zhang L/7, 2015, ZHONGNAN DAXUE XUEBAO (ZIRAN KEXUE BAN), V46, P1527, DOI
   10.11817/j.issn.1672-7207.2015.04.046
TI Analysis on reduction benefits of substituting electricity for coal based on
   system dynamics
AU Zhang L/7; Xiong J; Yu X
TC 7
SO ZHONGNAN DAXUE XUEBAO (ZIRAN KEXUE BAN)
PY 2015
AB constructing reduction benefit analysis model of electricity in place of
   coal on the system level , a theoretical basis was provided to verify the
   emission reduction of implementation of electricity instead of coal . using
   vensim as modeling platform , using the relationship between energy
   consumption , economic development and environmental emissions as link ,
   model diagram of reduction benefit of electricity in place of coal was
   established . the reduction effect of electricity in the case of a certain
   control of total coal consumption was calculated , and a quantitative basis
   for developing the policy related to electricity instead of coal was
   provided . the results show that the implementation of electricity instead
   of coal really reduces emission of industrial sulfur dioxide . by adjusting
   the proportion of power coal consumption , the proportion of electricity
   consumption , the proportion of thermal power and the thermal power coal
   consumption rate , emission of industrial sulfur dioxide are effectively
   reduced . when the consumption of power coal increases by 20 % , the
   emission of industrial sulfur dioxide is reduced by 11 % , while the
   proportion of electricity consumption increases by 20 % , the emission of
   industrial sulfur dioxide is reduced by 18 % . within a certain range ,
   reducing the thermal power coal consumption rate can also reduce the
   emission of industrial sulfur dioxide . , 2015 , central south university of
   technology . all right reserved .
DE electricity in place of coal; emission reduction benefits; simulation;
   system dynamic
ID coal; electric power utilization; emission control; energy utilization;
   sulfur dioxide; benefit analysis; coal consumption rate; electricity-
   consumption; emission reduction; environmental emissions; reduction effects;
   simulation; system dynamics; coal industry

---

UT 941
AR Mona S, 2020, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
TI A system dynamics approach for reduction of defects in automotive
   manufacturing industry
AU Mona S
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2020
AB the automotive industry is one of the biggest manufacturing sectors and
   represents an increasingly important strategic and catalytic role in the
   overall economy . it impacts directly on many important aspects , such as
   contribution to gross domestic product ( gdp ) , employment , skills
   development , economic linkages , technology and innovation , and making
   significant contributions through taxes , and substantial foreign direct
   investment . yet , defects are a manufacturing reality influencing this
   industry . the purpose of this paper is to show how the system dynamics
   methodology can be applied to reduce defects in the automotive manufacturing
   industry . system dynamics may improve understanding of manufacturing
   processes , as quality tools do not always allow the user to study and
   understand feedback from other factors , such as soft human issues , in the
   improvement of processes . systems dynamics models are created from five
   stages : problem articulation , formulation of a dynamic hypothesis ,
   formulation of a simulation model , testing of the model , and policy design
   and evaluation . the five steps of system dynamics modeling process are
   discussed into details and a causal loop diagram is developed using stella
   software version 9.1.4. the study showed that system dynamics tools can be
   useful in capturing and understanding the dynamic complexity of defect
   creation and reduction process in automotive manufacturing industry . ieom
   society international .
DE automotive manufacturing; defect reduction; modeling process; system
   dynamics

---

UT 942
AR Li CZ, 2017, J CLEAN PROD, V153, P692, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2016.11.028
TI Schedule risk modeling in prefabrication housing production
AU Li CZ; Shen GQ; Xue F; Luo L; Xu X/2; Sommer L
TC 85
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2017
AB every country is dealing with its own housing problems . however , none
   compares with hong kong where housing has always been a major concern as a
   result of low supply over the past decades . against the constraints in
   delivering sufficient houses , prefabrication as a sustainable solution for
   housing has been increasingly advocated for its potential merits of better
   quality , construction safety and cleaner built environment . however ,
   schedule delay caused by various risks affected the prefabrication housing
   production ( php ) in hong kong . this problem can be further worsened when
   the manufacturing sector of php has entirely moved to offshore areas in the
   pearl river delta region . this study applies system dynamics to recognize
   and investigate the potential effect of various risks on the scheduling of
   prefabrication housing construction projects through the employment of
   vensim software package . the simulation results show that schedule risks ,
   namely low information interoperability between different enterprise
   resource planning systems ( liibderps ) , logistics information
   inconsistency due to human errors probability ( liihep ) , delay of delivery
   of precast element to site ( ddpes ) , and design information gap between
   designer and manufacturer ( digdm ) significantly contribute to the schedule
   delay in php . however , schedule is more sensitive toward liibderps than
   for the other three risks , indicating that liibderps should be monitored
   and given priority . the system dynamic model serves as an effective tool
   for quantitatively evaluating the effect of various risks on the schedule of
   php , offering valuable references for managers though comparing simulation
   results under different risk scenarios , so that potential risks that might
   lead to schedule delay could be identified and handled in advance . 2016
   elsevier ltd
DE hong-kong; prefabrication housing production; schedule risk management;
   system dynamcis
ID enterprise resource planning; housing; interoperability; manufacture; risk
   management; risk perception; enterprise resource planning systems; hong-
   kong; housing production; information interoperability; logistics
   information; pearl river delta region; system dynamcis; system dynamic
   models; risks

---

UT 943
AR Ackerman D, 2016, PROC SPRING SIMUL MULTICONFERENCE - TMS/DEVS SYMP THEORY
   MODEL SIMUL TMS/DEVS
TI Modeling human behavior to anticipate insider attacks via system dynamics
AU Ackerman D; Mehrpouyan H
TC 9
SO PROC SPRING SIMUL MULTICONFERENCE - TMS/DEVS SYMP THEORY MODEL SIMUL
   TMS/DEVS
PY 2016
AB the problem of insider threats to computer networks overseen by the company
   ' s information technologies ( it ) department is complex and involves many
   variables . the most complex variable presented is human behavior . in an
   operational context many fields of study come into play , the security
   analyst ' s job is to interpret the data and draw conclusions of a possible
   malicious threat . patterns are to be perceived and recognized within the
   relevant data . forensic software and a number of other analyst tools are
   used to determine suspicious activities within and outside the network .
   after suspicious activities are revealed alerts must be sent out to induce
   action to prevent attacks . the goal of this paper is to predict an inside
   attack derived from behavioral , computer and psycho_social risk factors by
   using the system dynamics methodology and its relation to solving the
   problem . a stock_flow diagram is used with vensim to model the system . the
   model represents probabilistic human behavior of the attacker and
   deterministic behavior of the system . 2016 society for modeling and
   simulation international ( scs ) .
DE insider attack; modeling human behavior; system dynamics
ID complex networks; system theory; complex variable; deterministic behavior;
   human behaviors; inside attacks; insider attack; insider threat; social
   risks; system dynamics; behavioral research

---

UT 944
AR Zeng W, 2020, CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM, P411
TI Prefabricated building schedule control research based on system dynamics
AU Zeng W
TC 0
SO CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM
PY 2020
AB the development of china ' s prefabricated building market is still in its
   primary stage . as a result , many advantages of prefabricated building can
   not be fully showed . to analysis the dynamic relationship between the
   different factors of the prefabricated building during the construction
   stage and the schedule control of the project , this paper used the theory
   of sd to do some researches . these researches mainly included cost of the
   project , quality of the project and project progress . factors selected all
   from these three points . through the causal loop analysis , the study found
   that the installation work efficiency , difficulty of construction
   management , project to complete the task are the main influence factors of
   project delays . on this basis , this paper sets up the system dynamics
   model of assembled building construction stage , conducts simulation
   analysis through vensim software , and puts forward specific measures to
   control the construction period . 8th international symposium on project
   management , ispm 2020 . all rights reserved .
DE prefabricated building; schedule control; system dynamics
ID buildings; computer software; factor analysis; prefabricated construction;
   system theory; building construction; construction management; construction
   period; construction stages; project progress; schedule control; simulation
   analysis; system dynamics model; project management

---

UT 945
AR Chu Y-Y, 2015, PROC - INT CONF INTELL COMPUT TECHNOL AUTOM ICICTA, P760, DOI
   10.1109/ICICTA.2014.184
TI System dynamic analysis on behavior-based safety in an LNG enterprise
AU Chu Y-Y; Huang L-J; Zhang Q-X; Liang D
TC 2
SO PROC - INT CONF INTELL COMPUT TECHNOL AUTOM ICICTA
PY 2015
AB unsafe behavior of workers is the key because of accidents in production .
   behavior_based safety model has been developed to catch all aspects of
   workers ' behavior safety to improve the enterprise safety level . to study
   the complex because_effect relationship between the safety input and workers
   ' behavior safety in the mining enterprise , questionnaire investigations
   have been adopted in the mining enterprise . and mutual or recursive
   causality to understand the dynamics of behavior safety system has been
   analyzed by the information feedback in the system dynamic simulation ,
   which is in accordance with the results of the questionnaires . using the
   system dynamics software , vensim ple 5.4b , simulation cases about the
   mining enterprise workers ' safety behavior system have been made to show
   the process of workers ' behavior safety improvement and different factor
   increments . it is proved that the developing tendency of safety level of
   the mining enterprise can be predicted by system dynamic simulation and
   simulation results can provide support for the making of decisions on safety
   input . 2014 ieee .
DE behavior-based safety; simulation; system dynamic
ID computer software; safety factor; surveys; behavior-based safeties; cause-
   effect relationships; information feedback; mining enterprise; safety
   improvement; simulation; system dynamic simulations; system dynamics;
   occupational risks

---

UT 946
AR Hightower R II, 2012, SIMUL POLIC INQ, P203, DOI
   10.1007/978-1-4614-1665-4_11
TI Iterative storytelling in public policy: A systems thinking approach
AU Hightower R II
TC 0
SO SIMUL POLIC INQ
PY 2012
AB this chapter claims that iterative storytelling is a critical function of
   public policymaking and can provide a systematic mechanism to better
   understand the how and why of public policies . further , it is posited that
   if public policy scholars or practitioners can first tell a comprehensive
   story of their research , then they can build an appropriately bounded and
   useful model . using system dynamics ( sd ) , the essay argues that the ' '
   language and the thinking skills ' ' of writing are analogous to the tools
   necessary to build models of complex public policy problems [ richmond ,
   barry ( 2004 ) an introduction to systems thinking . 2011 stella software
   manual . isee systems ] . the essay also argues that the critical ,
   sequential tasks for addressing complex public policy problems include ( 1 )
   telling a comprehensive initial story , ( 2 ) building a model , ( 3 )
   implementing the underlying model , and ( 4 ) continually updating the
   initial story as more information becomes available . the chapter presents
   public policy stories and demonstrates how to convert ' ' policy modeling
   paragraphs ' ' into sd causal loop diagrams and stock_and_flow models
   suitable for simulation and subsequent policy decision making using an
   international relations story and the infinite loop phenomenology concept .
   springer science+business media , llc 2012 . all rights reserved .

---

UT 947
AR Muldianto H, 2020, INT J GEOMATE, V19, P8, DOI 10.21660/2020.72.02271
TI Sustainable water services fee using a system dynamics approach in Jatigede
   reservoir
AU Muldianto H; Andawayanti U; Suhartanto E; Soetopo W
TC 3
SO INT J GEOMATE
PY 2020
AB reservoir operation and maintenance costs consist of the water service fee
   from the beneficial water users , and the subsidy from the government .
   sustainable operation and maintenance should keep the government subsidy at
   the minimum level while at the same time considering the willingness to pay
   from the water users . these two parameters of subsidy and water service fee
   form an interdependent feedback loop in determining operation and
   maintenance costs , that belong to the system dynamics phenomenon . this
   paper calculates the level of government subsidy and the water services fee
   in order to reach optimal water resources management using a system dynamics
   approach , in the jatigede multipurpose reservoir in west java_indonesia .
   jatigede reservoir with a volume of 877 million m3 irrigates almost 90
   thousand hectares of rice field , providing a public water supply of 3.5
   m3/s , and a targeted energy generation of 110 mw . the methodology of using
   the system dynamics approach is starting with the identification of the
   interrelated parameters into a causal loop diagram , conversion into stock
   and flow diagram , and programming using powersim . it is concluded that the
   system dynamics approach can reveal the optimal solution , a combination of
   minimum government subsidy and water services fee within the range of
   willingness to pay , that minimize the additional maintenance costs in the
   long term . int . j . of geomate . all rights reserved .
DE multipurpose reservoir; sustainable management; system dynamics; water
   service fee

---

UT 948
AR Law A, 2012, J SUSTAIN TOUR, V20, P823, DOI 10.1080/09669582.2012.687740
TI Towards a green economy decision support system for tourism destinations
AU Law A; de Lacy T; McGrath GM; Whitelaw PA; Lipman G; Buckley G
TC 35
SO J SUSTAIN TOUR
PY 2012
AB this paper discusses green economy planning in tourism . a process
   characterized by complexity and high levels of uncertainty , where limited
   data availability and the absence of existing frameworks hinder the
   development of targeted and effective strategies . it presents an approach
   for a decision support system ( dss ) to assist destinations address
   challenges and to seize opportunities in this new situation of change . a
   multidisciplinary approach drawing on the fields of sustainable tourism ,
   destination management and system dynamics was applied to identify the
   requirements of such a dss and to present examples of how it may be
   implemented . a consultancy study in the destination of sharm el sheik (
   egypt ) was used to develop a holistic model for the requirements of the
   proposed dss . based on this model , examples were developed in the software
   program powersim , to provide an insight into how such a dss could assist
   destination policymakers , planners and managers with dynamic scenario
   modeling and planning to help understand and manage the drivers of
   change_particularly those drivers that are complex and difficult to quantify
   such as the opportunities presented by green demand . the proposed dss is
   intended to be further developed by applying it to new destination case
   studies . 2012 copyright taylor and francis group , llc .
DE decision support system; destination management; green economy; greenhouse
   gas mitigation; system dynamics; tourism destinations
ID egypt; janub sina; sharm el sheik; decision support system; economic
   planning; ecotourism; holistic approach; model test; model validation;
   strategic approach; tourism management; tourist destination

---

UT 949
AR Qiao-Lun G, 2011, INT CONF MANAG SCI ENG - ANNU CONF PROC, P250, DOI
   10.1109/ICMSE.2011.6069972
TI System dynamics analysis of RFID-EPC's impact on reverse supply chain
AU Qiao-Lun G; Tie-Gang G
TC 10
SO INT CONF MANAG SCI ENG - ANNU CONF PROC
PY 2011
AB rfid_epc plays an important role in internet of things which will be the new
   environment of application of the reverse supply chain . by using rfid_epc ,
   the reverse supply chain under internet of things will have some
   characteristics . in order to analyze the impacts of rfid_epc on reverse
   supply chain , on the assumption that rfid_epc can reduce the collection
   uncertainty of the used_products , we present a system dynamics model and
   show the changing of the inventories , the service levels , and the profits
   . by analyzing the simulation results of the reverse supply chain with and
   without rfid_epc , we can obtain that the service levels and the profits of
   the collector , the disassembly center , and the remanufacturer will
   increase even though their inventories increase when rfid_epc is used in
   reverse supply chain . 2011 ieee .
DE internet of things; reverse supply chain; rfid-epc; system dynamics; vensim
   510
ID internet; management science; profitability; system theory; uncertainty
   analysis; internet of things; reverse supply chains; rfid-epc; service
   levels; system dynamics; system dynamics model; supply chains

---

UT 950
AR Woo T-H/1, 2012, ENERGY SOURCES RECOVER UTIL ENV EFF, V34, P948, DOI
   10.1080/15567031003735311
TI A dynamical study for earthquakes of seismic safety assessment in nuclear
   power plants (NPPs) using the system dynamics (SD) method
AU Woo T-H/1; Lee S-H
TC 6
SO ENERGY SOURCES RECOVER UTIL ENV EFF
PY 2012
AB an earthquake could be a crucial result of nuclear power plants due to the
   massive power . it is a main point to keep the stability of the system
   without a radiation material leak from the reactor . for the safety
   assessment , the system dynamics predict for the random sampling
   quantification of an earthquake happening due to unexpected characteristics
   , which is one of the non_linear algorithms . the dynamical information is
   incorporated with the loop sequence of the time step procedures by the
   feedback simulations . the plant system factor is the highest value among
   three factors including estimation and earthquake factors . in the
   estimation factor , there is the highest value in 2012 . in the earthquake
   factor , there is the highest value in 2028 . the maximum value of summation
   for three factors is in the year 2030 , which has the value of 20.52 times (
   = 389.85/19.00 ) higher than the initial value and highest than any other
   value . the tractable quantification for the safety assessment is obtained
   by a computer package . 2012 copyright taylor and francis group , llc .
DE earthquake; feedback; nuclear power plants; safety assessment; simulation;
   system dynamics; thermo-hydraulic aspect; vensim
ID feedback; nuclear energy; nuclear power plants; safety engineering; system
   theory; safety assessment; simulation; system dynamics; thermo-hydraulic;
   vensim; earthquakes

---

UT 951
AR Woo TH/1, 2012, J ENERGY INST, V85, P7, DOI 10.1179/174396711X13116932752236
TI Dynamical risk assessment of electricity generation increasing in nuclear
   power plants
AU Woo TH/1; Kim YI
TC 1
SO J ENERGY INST
PY 2012
AB event characteristics of nuclear power plants have been quantified in the
   aspect of feedback and accumulation for the sustainability of energy . the
   complex and difficult manipulations of the power uprate in nuclear power
   plants for electricity generation increasing are modeled using the system
   dynamics method , which is processed by the feedback and accumulation
   algorithms . safety as well as economic importance is the key point of the
   study . a newly introduced plausible value is used in order to quantify the
   basic event of the scenario . two kinds of considerations , i . e .
   neutronics and thermohydraulics properties , are organized . therefore , the
   result can improve the stability of the operations after the power has been
   decided upon . the maximum value of risk is 140.5 in 2070 and the minimum
   value is 1.0 in 2010 . therefore , the risk of the power uprate increases
   140.5 times higher than the initial value in this study . 2012 energy
   institute .
DE nuclear power plants; power uprate; sustainability; system dynamics; vensim
ID electric generators; nuclear power plants; sustainable development; system
   theory; economic importance; electricity generation; initial values;
   keypoints; maximum values; minimum value; neutronics; power uprates; system
   dynamics; thermohydraulics; vensim; risk assessment

---

UT 952
AR Maqsoom A, 2019, ENV ENG MANAG J, V18, P2363, DOI 10.30638/eemj.2019.225
TI A system dynamics-based economic performance simulation of construction
   waste reduction management: Effective application of prefabrication
AU Maqsoom A; Hashmi AAQ; Zeeshan M; Arshad Q; Nawaz A; Zeeshan BUA; Salahuddin
   H
TC 10
SO ENV ENG MANAG J
PY 2019
AB cost effective management of construction and demolition waste ( c and dw )
   has become a serious issue with increased construction activity and modern
   urban lifestyle which is damaging environment , eating up resources and
   causing rapid land use changes . these factors have influenced the
   construction industry significantly and therefore gained the practitioners '
   attention in recent past . new strategies of c and dw reduction management
   are being devised and reported . this research aims at providing a better c
   and dw management technique which will benefit the construction industry in
   terms of waste reduction and consequent cost_benefit . the main focus of
   this research is restrained to prefabrication of construction material and
   its effects on economy of tall buildings . the data collected from
   traditional methods for cdw management and prefabrication factories is based
   on interviewed surveys from project managers , quantity surveyors and
   experienced site managers . the collected data is then processed into system
   dynamics using ' ' vensim ple ' ' by creating causal relationships with
   dependent and independent variables . economic theory in contrast with
   conventional and prefabrication methods of construction has been
   incorporated in this study . results show that usage of prefabrication
   technique proves to be more economical in managing c and dw . construction
   waste management through prefabrication technique shows a reduction of cost
   around 79 % as compared to that in construction through conventional methods
   . this suggests that prefabrication technique can considerably reduce c and
   dw as well as costs for its management accordingly . 2019 gheorghe asachi
   technical university of iasi , romania . all rights reserved .
DE construction and demolition waste; economic performance; prefabrication;
   recycling; system dynamics

---

UT 953
AR Ding Z, 2016, WASTE MANAG, V51, P130, DOI 10.1016/j.wasman.2016.03.001
TI A system dynamics-based environmental performance simulation of construction
   waste reduction management in China
AU Ding Z; Yi G; Tam VWY/1; Huang T/1
TC 239
SO WASTE MANAG
PY 2016
AB a huge amount of construction waste has been generated from increasingly
   higher number of construction activities than in the past , which has
   significant negative impacts on the environment if they are not properly
   managed . therefore , effective construction waste management is of primary
   importance for future sustainable development . based on the theory of
   planned behaviors , this paper develops a system dynamic model of
   construction waste reduction management at the construction phase to
   simulate the environmental benefits of construction waste reduction
   management . the application of the proposed model is shown using a case
   study in shenzhen , china . vensim is applied to simulate and analyze the
   model . the simulation results indicate that source reduction is an
   effective waste reduction measure which can reduce 27.05 % of the total
   waste generation . sorting behaviors are a premise for improving the
   construction waste recycling and reuse rates which account for 15.49 % of
   the total waste generated . the environmental benefits of source reduction
   outweigh those of sorting behaviors . therefore , to achieve better
   environmental performance of the construction waste reduction management ,
   attention should be paid to source reduction such as low waste technologies
   and on_site management performance . in the meantime , sorting behaviors
   encouragement such as improving stakeholders ' waste awareness , refining
   regulations , strengthening government supervision and controlling illegal
   dumping should be emphasized . 2016 elsevier ltd .
DE construction waste reduction management; system dynamics; theory of planned
   behaviors
ID china; computer simulation; construction materials; industrial waste; models
   theoretical; recycling; waste management; china; guangdong; shenzhen;
   construction industry; environmental management; environmental technology;
   sustainable development; system theory; industrial waste; construction
   activities; construction waste managements; construction wastes;
   environmental benefits; environmental performance; system dynamic models;
   system dynamics; theory of planned behavior; computer simulation;
   construction; numerical model; recycling; sustainable development; waste
   management; article; building material; china; construction waste reduction
   management; construction work; dynamics; environmental impact; government;
   priority journal; recycling; sensitivity analysis; simulation; waste
   management; analysis; computer simulation; industrial waste; procedures;
   theoretical model; waste management; waste management

---

UT 954
AR Voinov A, 2018, ENCYCL ECOL, P58, DOI 10.1016/B978-0-12-409548-9.11143-1
TI Conceptual diagrams and flow diagrams
AU Voinov A
TC 2
SO ENCYCL ECOL
PY 2018
AB diagrams are probably the next most widely used type of models after mental
   and verbal models . intuitively when presenting a model we tend to start
   drawing diagrams to explain the assumptions and simplifications made . with
   the advent of new software tools it becomes easier to use the computer to
   design these conceptual diagrams , especially since these software packages
   in many cases can convert the diagrams into computer code and generate
   numerical models for further analysis . most of the systems dynamics
   software ( such as stella , madonna , powersim , simile and others ) can be
   readily used to put together conceptual models and flow diagrams . more
   advanced tools are based on the uml ( unified modeling language ) approach
   and can generate computer code in java , php , c++ , python , and other
   languages . 2019 elsevier b . v .
DE cognitive maps; conceptual model; mental model; qualitative modeling; space;
   structure; time

---

UT 955
AR Hui-Qin Z, 2017, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, VPart F130952, P62, DOI
   10.1145/3133811.3133816
TI System dynamic model of high technology enterprise innovation from the
   perspective of multi-source structural embedding-for example to electronic
   and communication equipment manufacturing enterprises
AU Hui-Qin Z; Jin-Chun W; Yang-Yang O
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2017
AB the ascension path of technology innovation ability in high technology
   enterprise is a dynamic and complex system . from the perspective of system
   dynamics , combining the theory of structural embeddedness , we built a
   causal relation model of high technology enterprise ' s technology
   innovation system , to reveal the interaction of the various factors in
   system . for example to electronic and communication equipment manufacturing
   enterprises , we established system dynamic model of enterprise innovation ,
   and conducted simulation and applied research on the model by vensim .
   through simulation experiment , we analyzed the change of invention patent
   number under different resource allocation scheme , to reveal how structural
   embeddedness of innovation systems effect the ascension path of technology
   innovation ability in high technology enterprise , in order to provide
   decision support for ascension of technology innovation ability in high
   technology enterprise . 2017 association for computing machinery .
DE decision support; high-technology enterprises; system dynamics; technical
   innovation
ID decision support systems; dynamic models; industrial research; innovation;
   manufacture; patents and inventions; system theory; communication
   equipments; decision supports; high-technology enterprise; resource
   allocation schemes; system dynamic models; system dynamics; technical
   innovation; technology innovation; engineering research

---

UT 956
AR She L, 2016, ICCREM BIM APPL OFFSITE CONSTR - PROC INT CONF CONSTR REAL
   ESTATE MANAG, P481, DOI 10.1061/9780784480274.057
TI Management Mode of Project Material Cost Based on the Model of Causality
   Relation Feedback Loop
AU She L; Wang L/9
TC 0
SO ICCREM BIM APPL OFFSITE CONSTR - PROC INT CONF CONSTR REAL ESTATE MANAG
PY 2016
AB in order to reduce the engineering cost and improve the economic benefit ,
   it is very important to strengthen the management of engineering material
   cost . material cost management is a system which includes many process .
   but most researchers concentrate on a single stage or multistage combination
   research . few of them do research from the angle of the whole producing
   process of material cost . this paper uses experiential method of new
   eco_sociology , pattern_causality relation feedback loop , to analyze the
   project material cost management . a management behavior model of project
   material cost is built by the system dynamics software vensim ple . based on
   causes tree , the root because of the changes in the material cost is the
   management mode . it is benefit for reducing the project material cost to
   establish a new management mode of project material cost by using the
   management experience of enterprise internal control . 2017 american society
   of civil engineers .
ID apartment houses; architectural design; cost reduction; costs; feedback;
   office buildings; economic benefits; engineering costs; engineering
   materials; feedback loop; internal controls; management behavior; management
   modes; system dynamics; cost engineering

---

UT 957
AR Li B-X, 2012, ZIDONGHUA XUEBAO ACTA AUTO SIN, V38, P1321, DOI
   10.3724/SP.J.1004.2012.01321
TI The simulation of fear diffusion based on parallel system under the
   paroxysmal terrorism incident circumstance
AU Li B-X; Li M-J
TC 4
SO ZIDONGHUA XUEBAO ACTA AUTO SIN
PY 2012
AB understanding those factors critical to predicting response of the fear is
   crucial to ability to model the consequences of a terrorist strike in an
   urban area . the parallel system is proposed to research fear diffusion
   under the paroxysmal terrorism incident circumstance . this paper presents
   application stella software to construct the artificial system of fear
   evolution . this study intends to accomplish two goals . first , find which
   factors will influence fear diffusion . hence , we propose a system model
   and provide simulation output depicting the diffusion of fear in a community
   . second , how fear will evolve and diffuse . the systems model to examine
   how fear might diffuse within a community immediately following a terrorist
   attack . our experimental results show that fear diffusion complies with
   definite rules : the more interference from the community , the more delay
   of fear diffusion . perceptions of risk vary very quickly but decline quite
   slowly , at earlier of terrorism incident . these findings should prove
   useful to those wishing to predict public response to a variety of different
   contingencies involving terrorism . copyright 2012 acta automatica sinica .
   all rights reserved .
DE fear diffusion; parallel system; simulation; system dynamics model;
   terrorism incident
ID computer simulation; diffusion; risk perception; terrorism; artificial
   systems; parallel system; perceptions of risks; simulation; stella software;
   system dynamics model; system models; systems models; terrorist attacks;
   terrorist strikes; urban areas; computer simulation languages

---

UT 958
AR Wei S/1, 2012, EUR J OPER RES, V221, P248, DOI 10.1016/j.ejor.2012.03.014
TI System dynamics simulation model for assessing socio-economic impacts of
   different levels of environmental flow allocation in the Weihe River Basin,
   China
AU Wei S/1; Yang H; Song J/2; Abbaspour KC; Xu Z/2
TC 119
SO EUR J OPER RES
PY 2012
AB this study develops a complex system dynamics model ( sd ) reflecting
   interactions between water resources , environmental flow ( ef ) and
   socio_economy using sd software package ' ' vensim ple ' ' . the proposed
   model is employed to assess socio_economic impacts of different levels of ef
   allocation in the weihe river basin of china . four alternative
   socio_economic growth patterns and four ef allocation schemes are designed
   to simulate those impacts . the results reveal that developed sd model
   performance well in reflecting the dynamic behavior of the system in the
   current study area . in the meanwhile , an optimal growth pattern
   considering both socio_economic growth and ef requirements are also found by
   comparing the different scenario simulation results . 2012 elsevier b.v .
   all rights reserved .
DE environmental flow; scenario analysis; socio-economic impact; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID civil aviation; computer simulation; economics; growth rate; water
   resources; watersheds; environmental flow; scenario analysis; socio-economic
   impacts; system dynamics; vensim; economic and social effects

---

UT 959
AR Jetha A, 2017, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V17, DOI 10.1186/s12913-016-1955-8
TI Conceptualizing the dynamics of workplace stress: A systems-based study of
   nursing aides
AU Jetha A; Kernan L; Kurowski A
TC 23
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2017
AB background : workplace stress is a complex phenomenon that may often be
   dynamic and evolving over time . traditional linear modeling does not allow
   representation of recursive feedback loops among the implicated factors .
   the objective of this study was to develop a multidimensional system
   dynamics model ( sdm ) of workplace stress among nursing aides and conduct
   simulations to illustrate how changes in psychosocial perceptions and
   workplace factors might influence workplace stress over time . methods :
   eight key informants with prior experience in a large study of us nursing
   home workers participated in model building . participants brainstormed the
   range of components related to workplace stress . components were grouped
   together based on common themes and translated into feedback loops . the sdm
   was parameterized through key informant insight on the shape and magnitude
   of the relationship between model components . model construction was also
   supported utilizing survey data collected as part of the larger study . all
   data was entered into the software program , vensim . simulations were
   conducted to examine how adaptations to model components would influence
   workplace stress . results : the sdm included perceptions of organizational
   conditions ( e . g . , job demands and job control ) , workplace social
   support ( i . e . , managerial and coworker social support ) , workplace
   safety , and demands outside of work ( i . e . work_family conflict ) . each
   component was part of a reinforcing feedback loop . simulations exhibited
   that scenarios with increasing job control and decreasing job demands led to
   a decline in workplace stress . within the context of the system , the
   effects of workplace social support , workplace safety , and work_family
   conflict were relatively minor . conclusion : sdm methodology offers a
   unique perspective for researchers and practitioners to view workplace
   stress as a dynamic process . the portrayal of multiple recursive feedback
   loops can guide the development of policies and programs within complex
   organizational contexts with attention both to interactions among causes and
   avoidance of adverse unintended consequences . while additional research is
   needed to further test the modeling approach , findings might underscore the
   need to direct workplace interventions toward changing organizational
   conditions for nursing aides . 2017 the author ( s ) .
DE nursing aides; system dynamics; workplace stress
ID adult; family; female; humans; male; massachusetts; nurses; nurses aides;
   nursing homes; safety; social support; stress psychological; surveys and
   questionnaires; workplace; attention; avoidance behavior; coworker; family
   conflict; feedback system; human; human experiment; model; nursing
   assistant; nursing home; perception; physician; safety; scientist; social
   support; software; stress; workplace; adult; etiology; family; female; male;
   massachusetts; mental stress; nurse; nursing assistant; psychology;
   questionnaire; statistics and numerical data; workplace

---

UT 960
AR Berg DB, 2018, IFAC-PAPERSONLINE, V51, P61, DOI 10.1016/j.ifacol.2018.11.354
TI Modelling of the Municipality Entrepreneurial Community Functioning Using
   the Methods of System Dynamics
AU Berg DB; Kolomytseva AO; Apanasenko AV; Isaichik KF
TC 5
SO IFAC-PAPERSONLINE
PY 2018
AB the purpose of this research is to develop an imitation system_dynamic model
   for the municipality entrepreneurial network functioning . the model is
   implemented on an experimental level in the environment of simulation
   moderation powersim studio 7. on the one hand it gives us the opportunity to
   monitor the state of communications and exchange at various periods of time
   . on the other hand it allows to determine the architecture of links ,
   levels and flows of exchange between network participants as well as the
   most effective conditions for the realization of commodity_money relations
   both inside and outside the network . the introduction of inside money into
   the entrepreneurial network is considered to be a method of exchange
   effectiveness increase . the parameter , reflecting their usage in the
   network , acts as the main regulator of exchange and at the same time it is
   the controlling parameter of the model . simulation experiments result ,
   expressed in resulting coefficients ( liquidity , cooperation , exchange
   synchronization ) , allows you to assess numerically the system state at
   different control parameter values . it makes the designed model an
   effective support tool for optimizing decisions and managing a complex
   economic system , which is the entrepreneurial network of the municipality .
   2018
DE administrating; commodity; decision support; entrepreneurial network; inside
   money; money relations; municipality; simulation modeling; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; decision support systems; administrating; commodity;
   decision supports; inside money; money relations; municipality; system
   dynamics; system theory

---

UT 961
AR Wu B/2, 2019, SUSTAIN, V11, DOI 10.3390/su11174794
TI Impact of open innovation communities on enterprise innovation performance:
   A system dynamics perspective
AU Wu B/2; Gong C
TC 38
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2019
AB open innovation communities ( oics ) can help enterprises make full use of
   external knowledge resources from users , but problems such as low user
   participation and low conversion rate of creative ideas impact the
   efficiency of oics . most studies on this topic employ qualitative or
   empirical methods from a static perspective , but ignore the effect of
   interaction between enterprises and users as well as the cumulative effect
   of time . a discussion on the dynamic evolution process of open innovation
   is lacking . based on a review of the literature on oics , innovation
   performance , and system dynamics , this study proposes a conceptual model
   of innovation performance impact , which comprises the knowledge management
   , governance mechanism , and user behavior subsystems . xiaomi ' s oic in
   china was selected as the research object , and relevant data were collected
   through a web spider . according to the system dynamics modeling method , a
   causal relationship analysis was carried out on the three aforementioned
   interrelated subsystems . then , a stock flow chart with 32 variables was
   constructed to determine the initial values and calculation equations for
   each variable . finally , the model was constructed and verified using
   vensim ple software . the simulation results were as follows . ( 1 ) the
   number of product releases in the xiaomi oic was positively correlated with
   the number of posts , comments , and views . compared with user interaction
   behavior ( i . e . , commenting and viewing ) , the impact of user
   innovation behavior ( i . e . , posting ) on enterprise innovation
   performance ( i . e . , number of patents ) is clearer . specifically ,
   regarding interaction behavior , the impact of the users ' commenting
   behavior on innovation performance ( i . e . , number of product releases )
   was relatively clearer than that of their viewing behavior . ( 2 )
   governance mechanism ( i . e . , r and d investment and management expense )
   , which comprises technical and organizational mechanisms , positively
   affected the innovation performance of enterprises . compared with the
   organizational mechanism ( i . e . , management expense ) , the impact of
   the technical mechanism ( i . e . , r and d investment ) on the innovation
   performance was clearer . ( 3 ) governance mechanism helped to increase the
   number of users in the oic , and , in turn , affected the user innovation
   and interaction behavior . ( 4 ) the technical mechanism positively affected
   knowledge application capability , which , in turn , had a positive impact
   on the innovation performance of enterprises . based on these findings ,
   management strategies are proposed for the establishment and development of
   oics . 2019 by the authors .
DE governance mechanism; innovation performance; knowledge management; open
   innovation community; system dynamics
ID araneae; environmental impact assessment; governance approach; industrial
   enterprise; industrial performance; innovation; knowledge; knowledge based
   system; local participation

---

UT 962
AR Zhang Z/3, 2016, SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO, V38, P433, DOI
   10.13255/j.cnki.jusst.2016.05.005
TI Simulation on the influences of technology import and independent research
   and development on the chinese manufacturing enterprise innovation
   performance
AU Zhang Z/3; Gao M/1; Chen Q
TC 1
SO SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2016
AB along with the transformation and upgrade of the domestic industry , more
   and more attention is being paid to the firm innovation performance .
   organizing and summarizing the existing research conclusions about the
   influences of technology import and independent research and development on
   the firm innovation performance , based on the system dynamics method , the
   factors which affect the performance of enterprise innovation were
   classified . then the software of vensim was used to perform the model
   validation test , and a feedback loop was provided to connect the key
   variables and other variables . the effect of the proportion of technology
   import spending to independent research and development spending on the firm
   innovation performance was analyzed . it is shown that the independent
   research and development and technical introduction can promote the firm
   innovation performance . increasing the spending with the same proportion ,
   the independent research and development can promote the firm innovation
   performance more effectively . 2016 , editorial board of journal of usst .
   all right reserved .
DE independent research and development; innovation performance; manufacturing
   industry; system dynamics; technology import

---

UT 963
AR Ho C-C, 2013, TAIWAN WATER CONSERV, V61, P14
TI Strengthening water supply system adaptive capacity to climate change in
   central region
AU Ho C-C; Chang L-C; Yu P-S; Chiu H-T; Tsai C-M
TC 0
SO TAIWAN WATER CONSERV
PY 2013
AB this study aims to evaluate the spatial vulnerability distribution of water
   resources and propose the adaptive strategies for central taiwan . the main
   tasks of this study are future water demand estimation , rainfall trend
   analysis , climate change impact analysis , and adaptive strategy proposing
   . future water demand estimation considers the impact of gdp and temperature
   on domestic use water demand . mwp test and kw test are used to analyze the
   variation trend of precipitation , intensity , and drought day . the water
   supply systems are built based on the system dynamics model , vensim , to
   evaluate the impact on water resources under climate change . based on the
   impact analysis result , multi_criteria analysis is used to optimize optimal
   adaptive strategies combination . the combination is for the shortage ,
   estimated from a scenario of climate change in 2030s , and we suggest that a
   regular check and evaluation of these plans is necessary .
DE adaptive plan; climate change; hazard; vulnerability; weather generator
ID taiwan; climate change; hazards; optimization; water supply systems;
   adaptive plan; adaptive strategy; climate change impact; distribution of
   water; multicriteria analysis; system dynamics model; vulnerability; weather
   generator; adaptive management; climate change; climate effect; gross
   domestic product; hazard assessment; rainfall; spatial distribution;
   temperature effect; water demand; water resource; water supply; water
   resources

---

UT 964
AR Lu H/2, 2020, WUHAN LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO (JIAOTONG KEXUE YU GONGCHENG BAN),
   V44, P423, DOI 10.3963/j.issn.2095-3844.2020.03.006
TI Research on Synergetic Mechanism of Regional Economy and Logistics Based on
   System Dynamics Model; [基于系统动力学模型的区域经济与物流协同机理研究]
AU Lu H/2; Si W; Yuan M; Du Z/1
TC 2
SO WUHAN LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO (JIAOTONG KEXUE YU GONGCHENG BAN)
PY 2020
AB based on the data of henan province from 2011 to 2018 , from the perspective
   of the relationship between regional economy and regional logistics
   development , the gray correlation analysis was carried out through data
   modeling , and the correlation between various economic indicators and
   logistics development was obtained . among them , the indicators that have
   strong driving effect on the development of regional logistics in henan
   province are the regional gdp , the added value of three industries , the
   weaker transportation storage and fixed asset investment in the postal
   industry . these four indicators wereselected for system dynamics , and a
   systematic dynamic model for the coordinated development of regional economy
   and logistics was established . the panel data of henan province from 2008
   to 2018 were simulated by vensim software . after analyzing and comparing
   the data , policy experimentswerecarried out from the two aspects of
   logistics self_growth coefficient and industrial structure policy . research
   shows that increasing logistics investment can promote the increase of gdp ,
   logistics demand and logistics supply capacity in henan province .
   optimization of industrial structure is an important way to promote the
   coordinated development of economy and logistics in henan province . 2020 ,
   editorial department of journal of wuhan university of technology . all
   right reserved .
DE logistics engineering; regional economy; regional logistics; synergy
   mechanism; system dynamics

---

UT 965
AR Hussain M, 2011, INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG, V41, P972, DOI
   10.1108/09600031111185248
TI Analysis of the bullwhip effect with order batching in multi-echelon supply
   chains
AU Hussain M; Drake PR
TC 35
SO INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG
PY 2011
AB purpose : the purpose of this paper is to understand the effect of batching
   on bullwhip effect in a model of multi_echelon supply chain with information
   sharing . design / methodology / approach : the model uses the system
   dynamics and control theoretic concepts of variables , flows and feedback
   processes and is implemented using ithink software . findings : it has been
   seen that the relationship between batch size and demand amplification is
   non_monotonic . large batch sizes , that when combined in integer multiples
   can produce order rates that are close to the actual demand , produce little
   demand amplification , i . e . it is the size of the remainder of the
   quotient that is the determinant . it is further noted that the value of
   information sharing is greatest for smaller batch sizes , for which there is
   a much greater improvement in the amplification ratio . research limitations
   / implications : batching is associated with the inventory holding and
   backlog cost . therefore , future work should investigate the cost
   implications of order batching in multi_echelon supply chains . practical
   implications : this is a contribution to the continuing research into the
   bullwhip effect , giving supply chain operations managers and designers a
   practical way into controlling the bullwhip produced by batching across
   multi_echelon supply chains . originality / value : previous similar studies
   have used control theoretic techniques and it has been pointed out that
   control theorists are unable to solve the lot sizing problem . therefore ,
   system dynamic simulation has been applied to investigate the impact of
   various batch sizes on bullwhip effect . emerald group publishing limited .
DE batch processing; batch size; batching; bullwhip effect; information
   sharing; multi-echelon supply chain; simulation; supply chain management

---

UT 966
AR Hussain M, 2011, INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG, V41, P797, DOI
   10.1108/09600031111166438
TI Analysis of the bullwhip effect with order batching in multi-echelon supply
   chains
AU Hussain M; Drake PR
TC 28
SO INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG
PY 2011
AB purpose : the purpose of this paper is to analyze the effect of batching on
   bullwhip effect in a model of multi_echelon supply chain with information
   sharing . design / methodology / approach : the model uses the system
   dynamics and control theoretic concepts of variables , flows , and feedback
   processes and is implemented using ithink software . findings : it has been
   seen that the relationship between batch size and demand amplification is
   non_monotonic . large batch sizes , when combined in integer multiples , can
   produce order rates that are close to the actual demand and produce little
   demand amplification , i . e . it is the size of the remainder of the
   quotient that is the determinant . it is further noted that the value of
   information sharing is greatest for smaller batch sizes , for which there is
   a much greater improvement in the amplification ratio . research limitations
   / implications : batching is associated with the inventory holding and
   backlog cost . therefore , future work should investigate the cost
   implications of order batching in multi_echelon supply chains . practical
   implications : this is a contribution to the continuing research into the
   bullwhip effect , giving supply chain operations managers and designers a
   practical way into controlling the bullwhip produced by batching across
   multi_echelon supply chains . economies of scale processes usually favor
   large batch sizes . reducing batch size in order to reduce the demand
   amplification is not a good solution . originality / value : previous
   similar studies have used control theoretic techniques and it has been
   pointed out that control theorists are unable to solve the lot sizing
   problem . therefore , system dynamic simulation is then applied to
   investigate the impact of various batch sizes on bullwhip effect . emerald
   group publishing limited .
DE batching; bullwhip effect; information sharing; inventory management; multi-
   echelon supply chain; simulation; supply chain management

---

UT 967
AR Mula J, 2013, INT J PROD RES, V51, P4087, DOI 10.1080/00207543.2013.774487
TI A system dynamics model for the supply chain procurement transport problem:
   Comparing spreadsheets, fuzzy programming and simulation approaches
AU Mula J; Campuzano-Bolarin F; Díaz-Madroñero M; Carpio KM
TC 34
SO INT J PROD RES
PY 2013
AB this article proposes a simulation approach based on system dynamics for
   operational procurement and transport planning in a two_level ,
   multi_product and multi_period supply chain . this work uses the vensim
   simulation tool to highlight the potential of system dynamics for supply
   chain simulation . a real continuous simulation application is presented in
   an automobile supply chain . the effectiveness of the proposed model is
   validated through the comparison of the results provided by
   spreadsheet_based simulation , fuzzy multi_objective programming and system
   dynamics_based simulation models . the fundamental point of this paper is
   that the simulation model is the most effective approach in quantifying the
   trade_off between number of truck shipments and average inventory level . in
   this case , the number of truck shipments is to be minimized , resulting in
   a higher inventory level . if the average inventory level were minimized ,
   then there would be more truck shipments . here , it is shown the benefit of
   this type of simulation model in reducing inventory by about 10 % . 2013
   copyright taylor and francis group , llc .
DE operations planning; procurement; simulation; supply chain dynamics; system
   dynamics; transport
ID ships; spreadsheets; supply chains; system theory; trucks; operations
   planning; procurement; simulation; supply chain dynamics; system dynamics;
   transport; computer simulation

---

UT 968
AR Woo T-H, 2011, FOCUS ENERGY MANAG, P163
TI Atomic nanotechnology (ANT) promotions in energy industry for new marketing
   creations
AU Woo T-H; Kim Y-I
TC 0
SO FOCUS ENERGY MANAG
PY 2011
AB new marketing creations are investigated in the aspect of the nanotechnology
   ( nt ) application with atomic energy . with an object of the high profits ,
   the atomic nanotechnology ( ant ) has been promoted in the nuclear industry
   . the quantification of the profit is performed using system dynamics ( sd )
   method for the marketing innovation . algorithm of the feedback and
   accumulation skills of the simulation is used for the higher reliable result
   of the interested scenarios . the simulation is given by 3 aspects which are
   technological aspect , manpower aspect and marketing aspect . the simulation
   result shows the highest point in the output graph is the 307,461 in 2050 .
   this is the assets for the nt area in industry as well as academics of the
   proposed scenarios . 2011 by nova science publishers , inc . all rights
   reserved .
DE accumulation; atomic nanotechnology; feedback; marketing innovation;
   simulation; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 969
AR Nannan Q, 2019, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V371, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/371/3/032076
TI Risk Analysis and Intervention Policy Research of Miners' Unsafe Behavior
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Nannan Q; Han R; Qinggui C; Yunna W
TC 1
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2019
AB with the application and development of the discipline of safety science and
   safety economy in enterprises , people gradually began to realize that the
   unsafe behavior of employees themselves is an important source of coal mine
   safety issues . this paper constructs a behavioral risk model based on the
   employee behavior risk in coal mines combined with alarp principle , and
   establishes a coal mine safety production organization behavior expectation
   utility model based on von neumann morgan stan ' s utility function . based
   on this risk model , employees at different stages are risk attitude
   analysis of risk appetite , using vensim software to construct the model of
   unsafe behavior level of coal mine workers , and obtaining the trend of
   unsafe behavior level of coal mine workers through model simulation . based
   on the simulation results , the behavioral risk management decision research
   is carried out to realize the behavior of coal mine employees . published
   under license by iop publishing ltd .
ID behavioral research; coal; computer software; human resource management;
   risk analysis; risk assessment; risk management; safety engineering;
   behavioral risks; coal mine safety productions; employee behavior;
   expectation utility; management decisions; policy researches; utility
   functions; vensim softwares; coal mines

---

UT 970
AR Bouloiz H, 2013, SAF SCI, V58, P32, DOI 10.1016/j.ssci.2013.02.013
TI A system dynamics model for behavioral analysis of safety conditions in a
   chemical storage unit
AU Bouloiz H; Garbolino E; Tkiouat M; Guarnieri F
TC 90
SO SAF SCI
PY 2013
AB this paper aims to develop a system dynamics model in order to formalize
   causal interdependencies between safety factors ( technical , organizational
   and human ) . these factors define safety conditions in a complex industrial
   system . it is a systemic approach founded on the method of system dynamics
   and the case study is a storage unit for chemical products located in
   morocco . system dynamics using vensim software has been applied to assess
   the safety of the storage unit by modeling the activity of the industrial
   system . through simulation , users can define deviant scenarios in order to
   improve safety of the industrial system and implement managerial tools
   involving organizational , technical and human factors . 2013 elsevier ltd .
DE causal interaction; organization; safety; scenarios; system behavior; system
   dynamics
ID chemical analysis; safety factor; societies and institutions; system theory;
   behavioral analysis; causal interaction; complex industrial systems;
   industrial systems; scenarios; system behaviors; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; article; case study; chemical safety; computer model;
   computer program; human; negative feedback; nuclear power plant;
   occupational safety; positive feedback; priority journal; risk assessment;
   risk management; systems theory; work environment; accident prevention

---

UT 971
AR Lindenschmidt K-E, 2020, IAHR INT SYMP ICE
TI Posteriori identification of a cold-region integrated catchment-river-lake
   water quality system
AU Lindenschmidt K-E; Akomeah E; Morales-Marin L; Hassanzadeh E
TC 1
SO IAHR INT SYMP ICE
PY 2020
AB there is mounting evidence that ice phenology influences the biogeochemistry
   of aquatic ecosystems . for under_ice eutrophic aquatic ecosystems in saline
   environments , it is critical to delineate key parameters and processes for
   long_term management of such systems . such systems are saddled with anoxic
   and bloom risks , with under_ice nutrient cycling being a precursor for
   spring and summer blooms . in this study , a novel top_down modeling and
   posteriori identifiability analysis in a monte_carlo framework is employed
   to highlight key parameters and processes contributing to rising
   eutrophication in the prairie region of the north american great plains ,
   qu'appelle river basin . landscape nutrient export processes and main stem
   in_stream processes were hypothesized and linked in vensim system_dynamics
   model and in_stream water quality analysis simulation program ( wasp )
   models . model integration was achieved using a python wrapper . sensitivity
   metrics were estimated from an ensemble of 10,000 simulation runs . the
   interaction and cross_correlation of landscape and instream processes were
   inferred from these metrics . results from the study showed that winter
   warming is critical to eutrophication in the studied system and the need to
   explicitly incorporate overwintering nutrient mechanisms in new generation
   integrated water quality models . 2020 , international association for
   hydro_environment engineering and research . all rights reserved .
DE cold region; ice processes; identifiability; integrated catchment modeling;
   uncertainty

---

UT 972
AR Barati K, 2020, J AGRI SC TECH, V22, P1397
TI Cropping pattern optimization using system dynamics approach and multi-
   objective mathematical programming
AU Barati K; Abedi Koupai J; Darvishi E; Azari A; Yousefi A
TC 13
SO J AGRI SC TECH
PY 2020
AB to determine the optimum cropping pattern for kermanshah plain , iran , a
   dynamic model was developed in vensim pro x32 software to simulate the
   actual situation in the region . stochastic simulation of time series method
   was used to predict the values of climate parameters in the future . after
   ensuring the performance of the dynamic model as well as time series model ,
   optimization process of crop pattern was performed using the existing
   optimization tool in vensim pro x32 software in addition to multi objective
   mathematical programming approach by powell method in three different
   scenarios . the objective functions included maximizing the economic benefit
   for farmers and minimizing the extracted water from aquifer . the results
   showed that ratio of the gained benefit to the amount of water extracted
   from the wells in optimized conditions was always higher than the current
   conditions . the value of this ratio for the three scenarios was 1.23 , 0.89
   , and 0.94 , respectively , which in all three scenarios were higher than
   the current value ( 0.68 ) . the results showed that in the scenario in
   which changes in the crop coefficients of all crops are possible , in order
   to optimize the cropping pattern , the area allocated to wheat , barley ,
   grain and forage maize , tomato , clover , and onion should be decreased in
   the current cropping pattern . furthermore , the results of optimization
   indicated an increase in the area under cultivation of saffron , rose ,
   greenhouse , medicinal plants , and olive , compared to the current
   conditions . 2020 , tarbiat modares university . all rights reserved .
DE objective functions; optimizer tool; powell method; vensim pro x32

---

UT 973
AR Garcia-Holguera M, 2015, SIMUL SER, V47, P13
TI Approaching biomimetics: Optimization of resource use in buildings using a
   system dynamics modeling tool
AU Garcia-Holguera M; Clark G; Sprecher A; Gaskin S
TC 2
SO SIMUL SER
PY 2015
AB the biomimetic field in architecture is developing tools for transferring
   processes and functions from biological systems to buildings . buildings ,
   like ecosystems , are dynamic and complex systems , thus studying their
   dynamics from a systems thinking perspective might bring insight to some
   environmental problems . stella , a software commonly used to model
   environmental dynamics , was used to identify approaches for energy
   optimization in the great river energy building . long_term energy flows and
   thermal properties of the building were modeled to understand the feedback
   loops that control the behavior of the building system . the simulation
   showed that optimization of passive building parameters produced
   considerable energy savings , but more active strategies would be necessary
   to make the great river energy building a net_zero energy building . this
   exercise showed how the stella software can represent the dynamic behavior
   of buildings as well as the dynamic behavior of environmental systems , and
   the potential of this tool for biomimetic research in architecture . 2015
   society for modeling and simulation international ( scs ) .
DE biomimetics; biomimicry; ecomimetics; net-zero building; stella; system
   dynamics
ID biomimetic processes; biomimetics; energy conservation; intelligent
   buildings; memory architecture; system theory; biomimicry; ecomimetics;
   environmental dynamics; environmental problems; net-zero energy buildings;
   stella; system dynamics; system dynamics model; buildings

---

UT 974
AR Yuan Y, 2013, INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL, V23, P879, DOI
   10.1016/j.ijmst.2013.11.001
TI System dynamics model of the support-surrounding rock system in fully
   mechanized mining with large mining height face and its application
AU Yuan Y; Tu S; Zhang X/1; Li B
TC 23
SO INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL
PY 2013
AB fully mechanized mining with large mining height ( fmmlmh ) is widely used
   in thick coal seam mining face for its higher recovery ratio , especially
   where the thickness is less than 7.0 m . however , because of the great
   mining height and intense rock pressure , the coal wall rib spalling , roof
   falling and the instability of support occur more likely in fmmlmh working
   face , and the above three types of disasters interact with each other with
   complicated relationships . in order to get the relationship between each
   two of coal wall , roof , floor and support , and reduce the occurrence
   probability of the three types of disasters , we established the system
   dynamics ( sd ) model of the support_surrounding rock system which is
   composed of ' ' coal wall_roof_floor_support ' ' ( cw_r_f_s ) in a fmmlmh
   working face based on the condition of no . 15104 working face in
   sijiazhuang coal mine . with the software of vensim , we also simulated the
   interaction process between each two factors of roof , floor , coal wall and
   the support . the results show that the sd model of ' ' cw_r_f_s ' ' system
   can reveal the complicated and interactive relationship clearly between the
   support and surrounding rock in the fmmlmh working face . by increasing the
   advancing speed of working face , the support resistance or the length of
   support guard , or by decreasing the tip_to_face distance , the stability of
   ' ' cw_r_f_s ' ' system will be higher and the happening probability of the
   disasters such as coal wall rib spalling , roof falling or the instability
   of support will be lower . these research findings have been testified in
   field application in no . 15104 working face , which can provide a new
   approach for researching the interaction relationship of support and
   surrounding rock . 2013 published by elsevier b.v . on behalf of china
   university of mining and technology .
DE disaster control; fmmlmh; sd model; simulation analysis; support-surrounding
   rock system
ID coal; coal deposits; computer simulation; disasters; floors; metal recovery;
   roofs; spalling; system theory; fmmlmh; fully-mechanized mining; interaction
   relationship; interactive relationships; occurrence probability; sd models;
   simulation analysis; support-surrounding rock system; mine roof control

---

UT 975
AR Li Z/4, 2016, SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO, V38, P357, DOI
   10.13255/j.cnki.jusst.2016.04.009
TI Analysis on the fuel consumption of automobile in shanghai based on system
   dynamics
AU Li Z/4; Yan G
TC 2
SO SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2016
AB fuel consumption of automobile is one of the factors that because air
   pollution . it is very effective for our environment protection to control
   the fuel consumption of automobile . according to the theories and methods
   of system dynamics ( sd ) and with the help of vensim software , a sd model
   for the fuel consumption of automobile in shanghai was constructed based on
   the traffic data of shanghai from 2004 to 2014 . the road management level ,
   automobile purchase policy and automobile scrap rate were simulated by the
   method of control variables . the results show that the road management
   level is inversely proportional to the fuel consumption of the car and it is
   most effective for reducing automobile fuel consumption to maintain the
   number of automobiles between 2.3 million and 2.5 million , and keep the
   scrap rate between 5.6 % and 5.8 % . three schemes were formulated to reduce
   the fuel consumption of automobile based on the requirements of energy
   conservation and emission reduction in shanghai , which provided a
   theoretical support for the policy makers . 2016 , editorial board of
   journal of usst . all right reserved .
DE energy conservation; fuel consumption; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 976
AR Li M/3, 2019, J SILK, V56
TI Construction and empirical study of designer brand buyer industry chain
   model
AU Li M/3; Zhu W/2; Liang Y
TC 1
SO J SILK
PY 2019
AB for promoting development of the buyer industry chain consisting of minority
   designer brands , showrooms and buyer shops , the system dynamics method was
   used to build a relevant model so as to identify the development bottleneck
   from the perspective of industry chain and provide the optimization strategy
   for enterprises . by means of literature research , enterprise practice and
   in_depth interviews , we sorted out the indicators which had a direct impact
   on the overall operation in the industry chain and calculated the weights .
   vensim was used to draw the stock_flow graph of the model . the
   correlativity was established and the validity was verified . the results
   showed that minority designer brand attraction , showroom service level and
   store sales ability could be used as kpi indicators , in which showroom
   service level had the largest influence on the operation of buyer industry
   chain . toc theory and mckinsey matrix model were used to put forward
   several solutions to improve the overall efficiency of the industry chain
   and the operational efficiency of each subsystem , such as enhancing design
   competitiveness , improving specialty of business personnel and sharing
   information . 2019 china silk association . all rights reserved .
DE bottleneck identification; buyer industry chain; designer brand; showroom;
   system dynamics

---

UT 977
AR Li H/1, 2019, J SYST SCI, V7, P134, DOI 10.21078/JSSI-2019-134-14
TI The Carbon Effects of the Urban Ecological Recreational System Based on
   Systems Simulation
AU Li H/1; Tong H; Wang X/6
TC 0
SO J SYST SCI
PY 2019
AB as a major component of urban ecological systems , the urban ecological
   space is an impor_tant carbon pool in the urban carbon circulation .
   meanwhile , its special recreational function adds to the complexity of its
   carbon effects . according to the carbon process and effects of the urban
   ecological recreational system , the source_leakage_sink_order ( slso )
   framework is proposed as the basis of the four subsystems of the system
   model . consisting of 63 parameters , the system dynamics model of urban
   ecological recreational system is constructed by using vensim ple . then the
   urban ecological recreational system in shanghai under different scenarios
   is simulated , and the carbon sources and sinks of the system as well as the
   process of carbon effects such as carbon footprints are analyzed and
   predicted . research shows that due to the imbalance of the spatial pattern
   of ecological recreational space , the carbon sink effects of the system are
   quite limited . the human carbon source is the main contributor of the
   system ' s carbon sources and the carbon footprint deficit is striking . the
   management ability of ecological recreational space influences the carbon
   sink potentials of the system . in addition , the maintenance mode of
   ecological green space plays a non_trivial role in the composition of carbon
   sources . 2019 , science press ( china ) . all rights reserved .
DE carbon effects; carbon sinks; carbon sources; urban ecological recreational
   system; urban ecological space

---

UT 978
AR Chen A, 2020, PROC - INT CONF SMART GRID ELECTR AUTOM ICSGEA, P46, DOI
   10.1109/ICSGEA51094.2020.00018
TI Study on the Power System of Sharing Economy under Complex Environment
AU Chen A; Hua H
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF SMART GRID ELECTR AUTOM ICSGEA
PY 2020
AB this paper describes the development status of business model and the
   factors that because complex environment . then it analyzes the similarities
   and differences between online to offline business model ( o2o ) and
   traditional e_commerce model , and combs the concept , type , innovation
   driving force and other contents of the sharing economy business model .
   according to the concept model of sharing economy business model put forward
   in this study , the simulation model of sharing economy business model based
   on value network is established by using system dynamics method , and the
   system simulation and result analysis are performed by using the actual data
   to explore the relationship between the main bodies of sharing economy , to
   find out the key factors affecting the business model of sharing economy .
   the validity of the system dynamics model is verified by vensim software
   finally . 2020 ieee .
DE o2o; sharing econonmy; system dynamics; vensim
ID complex networks; electric power transmission networks; system theory;
   business modeling; complex environments; development status; e-commerce
   model; simulation model; system dynamics model; system simulations; vensim
   softwares; smart power grids

---

UT 979
AR Cheng L, 2017, J AEROSP TECHNOL MANAG, V9, P495, DOI 10.5028/jatm.v9i4.648
TI A prediction model for night recovery of embarked aircrafts based on system
   dynamics
AU Cheng L; Yue K; Huang Z
TC 2
SO J AEROSP TECHNOL MANAG
PY 2017
AB in order to make a sensible prediction on the air traffic flow management
   with conditions of wave_off and bolter , a system dynamic model for the
   night recovery operations of embarked aircrafts is built to ensure the
   adaption of air traffic flow with the capacity of air control at each phase
   of the recovery operations . the model aims at the characteristics of
   multiple feedbacks , delays and complex time varying , builds a stock flow
   diagram and operation model with impact factors of the night recovery system
   , and is simulated in vensim personal learning edition 5.9. the simulation
   shows a reasonable prediction result for the night recovery of embarked
   aircrafts with conditions of bolter and wave_off and can provide a
   theoretical basis for scheduling the air traffic flow management of embarked
   aircrafts formation recovery . 2017 , journal of aerospace technology and
   management . all rights reserved .
DE air traffic flow management; complex system modeling; embarked aircrafts
   formation; recovery; system dynamics
ID air traffic control; aviation; forecasting; scheduling; system theory; air
   control; air traffic flow management; air traffic flows; aircraft
   formations; complex system modeling; condition; embarked aircraft formation;
   prediction modeling; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; recovery

---

UT 980
AR Samah AA, 2015, PROC - INT CONF COMPUT ASSIST SYST HEAL CASH, P22, DOI
   10.1109/CASH.2014.18
TI Decision Support System Using System Dynamics Simulation Modelling for
   Projection of Dentist Supply
AU Samah AA; Wah LK; Desa MI; Majid HA; Azmi NFM; Salleh N; Bakar AA; Manual A
TC 4
SO PROC - INT CONF COMPUT ASSIST SYST HEAL CASH
PY 2015
AB this paper describes the development of a decision support system ( dss )
   using system dynamics ( sd ) simulation approach to project and analyze the
   supply of dentist at both local and private malaysian healthcare provider
   from 2015 to 2030 . the project was driven by the need to provide
   sustainable , quality dental services in a complex environment given
   fluctuations in dental graduate numbers , migrations , attritions and
   activities . the developed dss using vensim software described in this paper
   is flexible and expandable . it can be used to monitor future changes in
   dental workforce and provide a comprehensive and structured policy analysis
   to policy_makers and health managers , within the ministry of health
   malaysia . 2014 ieee .
DE decision support system; dentist; system dynamic
ID artificial intelligence; dentistry; health; system theory; complex
   environments; decision support system ( dss ); dentist; health care
   providers; simulation approach; system dynamics; system dynamics simulation;
   vensim softwares; decision support systems

---

UT 981
AR Tong L, 2014, INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL, V24, P201, DOI
   10.1016/j.ijmst.2014.01.010
TI Simulation study of coal mine safety investment based on system dynamics
AU Tong L; Dou Y
TC 30
SO INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL
PY 2014
AB to generate dynamic planning for coal mine safety investment , this study
   applies system dynamics to decision_making , classifying safety investments
   by accident type . it validates the relationship between safety investments
   and accident cost , by structurally analyzing the causality between safety
   investments and their influence factors . our simulation model , based on
   vensim software , conducts simulation analysis on a series of actual data
   from a coalmine in shanxi province . our results indicate a lag phase in
   safety investments , and that increasing pre_phase safety investment reduces
   accident costs . we found that a 24 % increase in initial safety investment
   could help reach the target accident costs level 14 months earlier . our
   simulation test included nine kinds of variation trends of accident costs
   brought by different investment ratios on accident prevention . we found an
   optimized ratio of accident prevention investments allowing a mine to reach
   accident cost goals 4 months earlier , without changing its total investment
   . 2014 published by elsevier b . v .
DE coal mine; cost of accident; safety investment; system dynamics
ID accident prevention; accidents; coal mines; computer simulation; computer
   software; costs; system theory; investment ratios; safety investments;
   simulation analysis; simulation model; simulation studies; simulation tests;
   system dynamics; vensim softwares; investments

---

UT 982
AR Han S, 2019, SUSTAIN, V11, DOI 10.3390/su11184901
TI Projections and recommendations for energy structure and industrial
   structure development in China through 2030: A system dynamics model
AU Han S; Lin C; Zhang B/6; Farnoosh A
TC 8
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2019
AB in this research , we established a system dynamics model named ' ' e and
   i_sd ' ' to study the development of the energy structure and industrial
   structure in china from 2000 to 2030 using vensim simulation software based
   on energy economy theory , system science theory and coordinated development
   theory . we used direct structure test , structure_oriented behavior test ,
   and behavior pattern test to ensure the optimal operation of the system .
   the model ' s results showed that the indicators of total energy consumption
   , total added value of gdp after regulation , energy consumption per capita
   , and gdp per capita were on the rise in china , but emissions per unit of
   energy showed a downward trend . separately , the model predicted average
   annual growth rates in china through 2030 . based on these findings , we
   proposed important policies for china ' s sustainable development . firstly
   , short_and long_term policy measures should be implemented to replace
   fossil fuels with clean energy . secondly , the utilization efficiency of
   raw coal should be appraised future . the planning should provide for steady
   development and improvement of the primary , secondary , and tertiary
   sectors . thirdly , the mid_and long_term plans for development and
   management of various industrial sectors and the corresponding energy
   consumption should be based on technological trends . finally , a
   market_oriented pricing mechanism for energy should be established in china
   as soon as possible . 2019 by the authors .
DE coordinated development; energy structure; industrial structure; system
   dynamics
ID fossil fuel; gross domestic product; growth rate; industrial structure;
   model; spatiotemporal analysis

---

UT 983
AR Lan T-S, 2014, INNOV COMMUN ENG - PROC INT CONF INNOV COMMUN ENG ICICE, P203
TI The dynamic investigation in the subject of science and technology for
   elementary school students
AU Lan T-S; Lan Y-H; Chen K-L; Chen P-C; Lin W-C
TC 0
SO INNOV COMMUN ENG - PROC INT CONF INNOV COMMUN ENG ICICE
PY 2014
AB in the third grade of the elementary school , learning science and
   technology will become a challenge to children . because of the obviously
   different learning motivation and style between science and technology and
   other learning areas , the investigation of the factors which affect the
   learning achievement of science and technology has become an important issue
   for researchers . there are lots of static studies about the related issues
   of science and technology . most of them are not able to estimate for the
   effect of the policy issue . this study generalizes five main variables
   including the learning motivation of a student , the teaching enthusiasm of
   a teacher , the accompanying time of families , the innovative teaching
   methods and the science and technology activities in the school . due to the
   variable is closely linked and inseparable to each other , this study
   applies the five variables all together by using the system dynamics . in
   this study , a system dynamics software named vensim has been used to
   establish the proposed model , which is used to investigate and analyze the
   science and technology learning achievement of children . this study
   promotes levels from the static state to the dynamic state . the results of
   this study provide valuable references and suggestions to make decisions for
   elementary school teachers . it is intended to promote the science and
   technology learning motivation and accomplish learning achievement for the
   elementary students . 2014 taylor and francis group .
ID communication; engineering education; motivation; students; system theory;
   teaching; technology; elementary schools; elementary students; innovative
   teaching; investigate and analyze; learning achievement; learning
   motivation; science and technology; science and technology activities;
   innovation

---

UT 984
AR Li S/4, 2018, CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM, P184
TI The study of evolvement mechanism and preventive solution of enterprise
   reputation crisis in we-media environment
AU Li S/4; Zhang F/2
TC 0
SO CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM
PY 2018
AB reputation crisis has become a new normal of enterprises in the we_media era
   . it is a preconditioned for enterprise reputation crisis management to
   systematically analyze the evolution mechanism and influence of the
   reputation crisis . therefore , this paper analyzes the role of enterprises
   , netizens and opinion leaders in the evolution of the reputation crisis and
   builds a system dynamics model to describe the mechanism and evolution trend
   of enterprise reputation crisis . an improved sir model of infectious
   diseases is proposed to describe the spread of the concept on the internet .
   then we analyze the evolvement trend of netizens attentions to negative
   information of enterprises under the influence of different factors , such
   as opinion leaders , enterprise reputation and public relation force . and
   the proposed system dynamics model was simulated by vensim software . we
   find that to quell the reputation crisis as soon as possible , enterprises
   should apply the public relation actions to the public as well as the
   opinion leaders , not only well_known enterprises to do so , unknown
   enterprises have to do so , and enterprise public relations activities
   should execute as early as possible . conference proceedings of the 6th
   international symposium on project management , ispm 2018 . all rights
   reserved .
DE improved sir; reputation crisis; system dynamics; we-media
ID project management; public relations; system theory; evolution mechanism;
   improved sir; infectious disease; negative information; reputation crisis;
   system dynamics; system dynamics model; we-media; dynamic models

---

UT 985
AR Gardener M, 2012, ROLE SCI CONSERV, P240, DOI 10.4324/9780203126790-23
TI Part III summary: A systemic approach - modeling and restoration
AU Gardener M; Wolff M
TC 0
SO ROLE SCI CONSERV
PY 2012
AB part iii looks at the reasons why research and modeling at the scale of the
   entire ecosystem ( e . g . socio_ecosystem ) is fundamental to understand
   complex system functioning and to help optimizing management for both
   biodiversity conservation and sustainable use of resources . rachel atkinson
   and colleagues review eradication as a tool for invasive species management
   in galapagos . they report on the history of species introductions in
   galapagos and show that the rate of introductions steadily increased since
   the 1830s , rising most rapidly during the last 50 years . in 2008 , the
   tally of introduced terrestrial species was 1 , 445 including 870 plants ,
   536 invertebrates , 30 vertebrates and ten diseases . of these introduced
   species , many have invaded native ecosystems . vertebrate invasions were
   the first to cause impact and alarm in the latter half of the twentieth
   century . these have been followed by plant and invertebrate invasions that
   now cover huge areas , particularly in the highland regions of the inhabited
   islands , and further invasions are expected in future . the authors
   encourage the reader to consider potentially positive and negative impacts
   of eradication programs to the whole ecosystem , not just iconic species .
   they consider four main criteria before deciding to attempt eradication : (
   1 ) strategic_operational . ( 2 ) biological . ( 3 ) economic . and ( 4 )
   socio_political . they list the following important considerations : ( 1 )
   an eradication operation should not be attempted if reintroduction can not
   be prevented . ( 2 ) the rate of removal must exceed the rate of population
   increase . ( 3 ) species with limited distributions , that are easily
   detectable , with a short_lived dormant stage ( e . g . a seed or egg bank )
   , and that have a known control method for reproductive individuals , are
   prime candidates for eradication . ( 4 ) eradications , especially when
   carried out at the early stages of invasion , are cost_effective and
   theoretically neat solutions to prevent the future or current impact of
   invasive species . additionally , eradications should not be started if
   there is insufficient funding to address unforeseen consequences of the
   operation on ecosystem dynamics . another frequently overlooked requirement
   is the need for governmental and public support for all aspects of the
   project from the start in order to ensure that there are no barriers to the
   program from beginning to end . the tool of eradication is attractive to
   both donors and managers alike , as there is a measurable outcome and a
   definite endpoint to the project . however , there are limits to the use of
   eradication as a tool for conservation . the authors discuss these limits ,
   analyzing 57 eradication projects of vertebrates , invertebrates and
   vascular plants from 1961 to present . of these , 27 have been successful ,
   20 unsuccessful and ten are ongoing . the majority of successes were of
   large vertebrates , whereas most plant and invertebrate eradication attempts
   were unsuccessful . they found common trends in project successes and
   failures with operational , biological , economic and social criteria all
   contributing . they discuss the future of eradications and the alternatives
   in galapagos . matthias wolff and coworkers use a trophic modeling approach
   to integrate ecological and fisheries data for a holistic description of the
   galapagos marine reserve ( gmr ) ecosystem and to evaluate the effect of the
   banning of industrial fishing in the gmr in 1998 and the coinciding el nino
   event . for the construction of their baseline flow model they used data
   from the late 1990s when industrial fishery was still in place . estimated
   pre_1998 catch volumes in the gmr were in the realms of average catches in
   other oceanic and shelf systems , hence , the model was considered to be
   realistic . top order predators were the warmblooded toothed whales , but
   large pelagic fish and cephalopods also played a prominent role .
   simulations suggest that the gmr has undergone a substantial recovery
   process of large pelagic fish and sharks since industrial fishery was banned
   12 years ago . according to the model simulations , most large pelagic fish
   would have_under normal environmental conditions_attained 10_20 % stock
   increase after only two years after the fishery ban , concordant with
   literature findings showing that marine reserve closure is almost
   immediately effective in less than two years . nevertheless , the el nino
   event suppressed this rapid response for a further two to three years ,
   suggesting that the bottom_up effect on the system of reduced primary
   productivity was stronger than the top_down effect from the release in
   fishing pressure . the first species predicted to surpass the pre_el nino
   reference level was the yellowfin tuna , followed by wahoo , dolphin fish
   and sailfish . owing to their slow population turnover rates , sharks
   followed later . juvenile sharks are predicted to maintain reduced biomass
   throughout the time due to strong control by increased levels of top
   predators . sea lions , cormorants , penguins and sea turtles needed the
   whole 12_year period to rebuild their populations . the authors emphasize
   that the disruption of the system by the el nino impacted in the medium term
   ( three to nine years ) , leading to higher biomasses of large pelagic fish
   predators than under the same fishery conditions without the el nino impact
   . this suggests that , since predator biomass is reduced during the el nino
   , prey populations find an ' ' open loophole ' ' to proliferate first and
   are then followed by their predators in a lotka_volterra fashion . it then
   takes several years for the system to normalize . long_term monitoring data
   for marine mammals , birds and sea turtles confirmed the el nino driven
   population reductions simulated by the model . marjan van den belt presents
   mediated modeling ( mm ) as a computer_based tool that can facilitate the
   participation of diverse stakeholders in the identification and valuation of
   ecosystem services from a conservation and human perspective . systems
   thinking ( the use of causal diagrams ) and system dynamics ( quantitative
   representations of feedback loops and time lags to understand systems )
   provide the underlying modeling philosophy . mm is presented as a decision
   support tool that can feed into all phases of adaptive management :
   envisioning . assessment . planning . implementation . and monitoring . the
   discussion between the stakeholders involved is interpreted by a mediated
   modeler and reflected back into the dialog for all participants in real time
   . the integration of ecology , economics and social issues for sustainable
   development is often considered a normative objective in a mm process . in
   her contribution , marjan uses a first pass example of how mm_based on a
   model produced using the stella software_could work in galapagos to
   demonstrate how this tool could promote stakeholder dialog . 2012 selection
   and editorial material , matthias wolff and mark gardener . individual
   chapters , the contributors .

---

UT 986
AR Zhao P, 2014, XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO, V46, P800
TI Research on carbon dioxide emissions of the main building at construction
   stage
AU Zhao P; Ma H; Wang C/4; Zhang D/1
TC 2
SO XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2014
AB with the development of the urbanization process , the constructional
   engineering ' s energy consumption and carbon emissions rate is becoming
   higher and higher and its effects on environment are more and more
   distinctive . based on the system dynamics theory , this article divides the
   constructional engineering program ' s main structure construction stage
   into 5 different subsystems , in analyzing carbon dioxide emissions at
   construction stage with vensim and determining the main subsystem that
   affect the environment . this system provides effective basis for the
   targeted improvements for the implementation of green construction . as a
   results , the carbon dioxide emissions of commercial concrete projects
   accounted for the largest proportion , which is followed by the order of
   formwork engineering , steel engineering , transportation engineering and
   scaffold engineering . , 2014 , science press . all right reserved .
DE carbon dioxide emissions; main structure construction stage; system
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 987
AR Wang H-H, 2013, TECHNOL J, V12, P6619, DOI 10.3923/itj.2013.6619.6622
TI Economic assessment of the mariculture functional zones using system
   dynamics
AU Wang H-H; Zhao Z; Wang B/1; Yin J
TC 0
SO TECHNOL J
PY 2013
AB the economic activity and assessment methods of the mariculture functional
   zones ( mfz ) in qingdao are investigated . a system dynamic ( sd ) model of
   the prediction and the utilization effectiveness for qingdao mfz is
   established to provide decision_making for managers . a fishery impact
   assessment for the mfz is set up to estimate the total incomes and outcomes
   and thus the because and effect feedback chart is obtained . data are
   processed by statistical method and world wind java . the causal loop
   diagram is presented to express the feedbacks . simulations are conducted to
   verify the validation of the model proposed based on vensim . 2013 asian
   network for scientific information .
DE assessment; expert system; marine fisheries; system dynamic
ID economics; expert systems; feedback; fisheries; assessment; causal loop
   diagrams; cause and effects; economic activities; economic assessments;
   impact assessments; marine fishery; system dynamics; marine biology

---

UT 988
AR Ogano NO/1, 2014, PICMET - PORTL INT CEN MANAG ENG TECHNOL PROC INFRASTRUCT
   SERV INTEGR, P2516
TI Front end project planning for the power sector in Africa: A conceptual
   system dynamics model
AU Ogano NO/1; Pretorius L/1
TC 0
SO PICMET - PORTL INT CEN MANAG ENG TECHNOL PROC INFRASTRUCT SERV INTEGR
PY 2014
AB developing countries offer abundant opportunities for high return and high
   growth potential investments , such as in critical energy sector
   infrastructure projects . in africa , major projects are presently in
   progress to upgrade and refurbish the infrastructure in the energy sector ,
   and especially in the electricity energy sub sector . however , many of
   these projects run into delays , quality problems and cost overruns which
   among other causes , are attributed to inadequate time and resources spent
   in the initial pre_planning and planning phases of these projects . this
   research focuses on electricity infrastructure projects in africa using
   system dynamics approach . from the literature , the paper explores and
   discusses theories , methods and models previously developed to better
   manage projects , including how these models are to be used to derive a
   model beneficial to energy sector projects in africa . the results of the
   research will help in reducing uncertainty in projects in the africa and
   other developing countries , and will be beneficial to energy sector players
   , including investors in the energy sector . this paper presents results of
   literature review in this area as well as the initial systems thinking in
   model building . the research uses a system dynamics approach employing
   vensim software in model building and analysis . 2014 picmet .
ID developing countries; model buildings; system theory; conceptual systems;
   electricity infrastructure; infrastructure project; literature reviews;
   project planning; quality problems; system dynamics approach; systems
   thinking; investments

---

UT 989
AR Qiu Y, 2015, J IND ENG MANAG, V8, P783, DOI 10.3926/jiem.1325
TI A system dynamics model for simulating the logistics demand dynamics of
   metropolitans: A case study of Beijing, China
AU Qiu Y; Shi X; Shi C
TC 17
SO J IND ENG MANAG
PY 2015
AB purpose : we attempted to propose an approach to simulate the dynamics of
   beijing ' s logistics demand , which can do some help to find out the
   dynamics path of the needed storage and shipment , put forward with
   logistics policies and enhance logistics service . design / methodology /
   approach : we present a paper with system dynamics ( sd ) methodology ,
   which was run by the software of vensim . findings : with sd model , causal
   loop diagram and stock and flow diagram are constructed , as well as some
   experiments and policy analysis . the research findings revealed that the
   increase of average shipping capacity for a vehicle will bring a decrease in
   congestion and co2 emission directly and the decrease of the average fuel
   use for a vehicle can help with the reduction of co2 emission directly .
   both the two parameters are the indirect causes of logistics demand dynamics
   in beijing . originality / value : researches of this paper are aiming at
   handling logistics demand dynamics of beijing , problems belonging to the
   area of complex systems , with sd model , where , to the best of our
   knowledge , no significant research has been done . 2015 , universitat
   politecnica de catalunya . all rights reserved .
DE beijing; logistics demand; system dynamics
ID carbon dioxide; ships; storage as a service ( staas ); traffic congestion;
   beijing; causal loop diagrams; design/methodology/approach; logistics
   demand; logistics services; shipping capacity; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; system theory

---

UT 990
AR Woo TH/1, 2014, ENERGY SOURCES ECON PLANN POLIC, V9, P165, DOI
   10.1080/15567249.2011.563262
TI The financial modeling of nanotechnology (NT) for the energy industry using
   systems thinking decision making
AU Woo TH/1; Kim YI
TC 1
SO ENERGY SOURCES ECON PLANN POLIC
PY 2014
AB commercialization of atomic energy is investigated in the aspect of the
   nanotechnology ( nt ) application . the atomic nanotechnology has been
   emerging in the area of science and technology , where the main object is
   highly efficient production . the marketing innovation is quantified for the
   profit enhancement using systems thinking which is expressed by the system
   dynamics method . the feedback and accumulation skills of the simulation
   could show the higher reliable result of the interested scenarios . the
   simulation is performed by three aspects which are technological , manpower
   , and marketing . the output shows the highest point is 312,209 times higher
   in 2050 than the initial point . this shows the budget increasing for the nt
   area in industry as well as academics . copyright taylor and francis group ,
   llc .
DE accumulation; atomic nanotechnology; feedback; simulation; system dynamics;
   vensim
ID commerce; feedback; marketing; system theory; accumulation; financial
   modeling; marketing innovations; reliable results; science and technology;
   simulation; system dynamics; vensim; nanotechnology

---

UT 991
AR Liu S, 2017, IEEE INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN ICCC, V2018-January, P2629, DOI
   10.1109/CompComm.2017.8323010
TI A framework analysis of personalized recommendation system with media tags
AU Liu S; Dong Y/4; Chai J
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN ICCC
PY 2017
AB on the basis of the research on the recommendation of media information
   resources based on tags , this paper uses the theories of system dynamics
   and data mining , to study the formation mechanism and influencing factors
   of recommendation system of media information resources , and to construct
   the system dynamics model of dynamic media recommendation system based on
   tags . moreover , vensim ple software is used to simulate and test the model
   , which further gives insights about how user ' s adoption situation ,
   density and centrality affect the media recommendation system . 2017 ieee .
DE media resource; personalized recommendation; system dynamics
ID computation theory; data mining; software testing; system theory; formation
   mechanism; information resource; media recommendations; medium resource;
   modeling of dynamics; personalized recommendation; personalized
   recommendation systems; resources based; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; recommender systems

---

UT 992
AR You MJ, 2019, J KOREAN ACAD NURS, V49, P398, DOI 10.4040/jkan.2019.49.4.398
TI Development of a quantitative model on adolescent cyberbullying victims in
   Korea: A system dynamics approach
AU You MJ; Ham EM
TC 0
SO J KOREAN ACAD NURS
PY 2019
AB purpose : this study used a system dynamics methodology to identify
   correlation and nonlinear feedback structures among factors affecting
   adolescent cyberbullying victims ( cv ) in korea and to construct and verify
   a simulation model . methods : factors affecting cv were identified by
   reviewing a theoretical background in existing literature and referencing
   various statistical data . related variables were identified through content
   validity verification by an expert group , after which a causal loop diagram
   ( cld ) was constructed based on the variables . a stock_flow diagram ( sfd
   ) using vensim professional 7.3 was used to establish a cv model . results :
   based on the literature review and expert verification , 22 variables
   associated with cv were identified and the cld was prepared . next , a model
   was developed by converting the cld to an sfd . the simulation results
   showed that the variables such as negative emotions , stress levels , high
   levels of conflict in schools , parental monitoring , and time spent using
   new media had the strongest effects on cv . the model ' s validity was
   verified using equation check , sensitivity analysis for time_step and
   simulation with 4 cv adolescent . conclusion : the system dynamics model
   constructed in this study can be used to develop intervention strategies in
   schools that are focused on counseling that can prevent cyberbullying and
   assist in the victims ' recovery by formulating a feedback structure and
   capturing the dynamic changes observed in cv . to prevent cyberbullying , it
   is necessary to develop more effective strategies such as prevention
   education , counseling and treatment that considers factors pertaining to
   the individual , family , school , and media . 2019 korean society of
   nursing science .
DE adolescent; bullying; nonlinear dynamics
ID adolescent; cyberbullying; female; humans; male; models theoretical;
   psychology adolescent; republic of korea; stress psychological; adolescent;
   article; case report; clinical article; content validity; counseling;
   cyberbullying; education; female; human; human experiment; korea; male;
   nonlinear system; quantitative analysis; sensitivity analysis; simulation;
   stress; theoretical study; victim; child psychology; mental stress;
   prevention and control; south korea; theoretical model

---

UT 993
AR Zhang L/2, 2017, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V502, P71, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-10-1837-4_7
TI Exploring the most important factor of chinese sports charity by using
   system dynamics simulation
AU Zhang L/2; Hu J/1
TC 0
SO ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT
PY 2017
AB the development of chinese sports charity has a long way to go to catch up
   the steps of that in developed countries . although it has attracted a lot
   of attention in recent years , there is still a lack of research conducting
   analyzes using a comprehensive approach that takes the sports charity into
   account . the purpose of this paper is to explore the most important factor
   that affecting the chinese sports charity . for this purpose system dynamics
   is used , because this approach is brilliant at dealing with the complex
   systems and enables one to capture the critical factor in system . hence ,
   through the software vensim 5.4a ple , this paper constructs the chinese
   sports charity system model by the system dynamics method and predicts the
   future trend covered from 2005 to 2050 in this area by computer simulation .
   in addition , three experiments further reveal the primary factors affecting
   sports charity . the results show that strengthening citizen ' s
   consciousness of dedication ismore efficient than using benefit incentive
   measures on promoting the development level of sports charity . the paper
   contributes to a better understanding of sports charity system . suggestions
   are made for motivating more people to participate in sports charity .
   springer science+business media singapore 2017 .
DE simulation; sports charitable consciousness; sports charity; system dynamics
ID computer software; management science; system theory; critical factors;
   developed countries; incentive measures; primary factors; simulation; system
   dynamics; system dynamics simulation; system modeling; sports

---

UT 994
AR He S, 2016, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2016, DOI 10.1155/2016/7646248
TI The Government's environment policy index impact on recycler behavior in
   electronic products closed-loop supply chain
AU He S; Yuan X; Zhang X
TC 13
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2016
AB we establish the model of multilevel closed_loop supply chain ( clsc ) which
   included raw material supplier , manufacturer , distributor , retailer , and
   third_party recycler based on system dynamics ( sd ) . considering factors
   which influence recycler behavior_environmental policy index and recovery
   delay , we apply sd software_vensim_to simulate clsc model and study
   recycler behavior ' s influence on the entire clsc through calculating the
   bullwhip effect of all levels members order rate . research shows that ( 1 )
   the larger the environmental policy index , the greater the recycle
   proportion and the better the effect of weakening retailer ' s order rate in
   forward supply chain , which however , increasingly , strengthen the reverse
   supply chain bullwhip effect , ( 2 ) the shorter the recovery delay , the
   better the effect of weakening the forward supply chain bullwhip effect and
   the longer the recovery delay , which increasingly weakens the reverse
   supply chain bullwhip effect , and ( 3 ) the effect of environmental policy
   index on the bullwhip effect of all levels members order rate is more
   significant than recovery delay . 2016 suchao he et al .

---

UT 995
AR Wang L/3, 2018, ZONGGUO GONGLU XUEBAO, V31, P181
TI Study on System Dynamics Simulation of Road Dangerous Cargo Transportation;
   [道路危险货物运输的系统动力学仿真研究]
AU Wang L/3; Hua J; Yang Y-F; Liu H-X; Zhu T/1
TC 3
SO ZONGGUO GONGLU XUEBAO
PY 2018
AB the management of road dangerous cargo transportation is an important
   content of road transportation management . to study the interaction between
   supply and demand of all kinds of dangerous cargo and social economy
   development , based on system dynamics theory , this paper firstly
   determined the boundary of road transportation system of dangerous cargo ,
   and divided the system into subsystems of capacity and demand and introduced
   the supply and demand coefficient of dangerous cargo . the causality diagram
   was set up to explore the positive and negative feedback relations between
   the various factors . secondly , the supply and demand coefficient of
   dangerous cargo was introduced to establish the flow diagram . by
   establishing the main variable equations , the linear relation and nonlinear
   relation between the factors in the system were expressed . the model was
   tested , including authenticity test and sensitivity analysis . finally ,
   the initial values were set . the model was set up to study the feasible
   strategies of making the behavior patterns of supply and demand coefficient
   stable . taking gas transportation in huizhou city , guangdong province as
   an example , the main factors affecting the coefficient were analyzed to
   simulate the model . 7 policy scenarios were set up , and the software named
   vensim was used for simulation the results show that increasing the
   utilization degree and transportation efficiency of vehicles can effectively
   improve the coefficient . increasing the tonnage of transport vehicles and
   adjusting the capacity structure of dangerous cargo can improve the
   situation on supply and demand and increase the coefficient . after
   increasing capacity , the behavior pattern of supply and demand coefficient
   tends to be stable . comprehensive regulation is better to improve the
   performance of the behavior pattern of supply and demand coefficient . the
   model can effectively simulate the management control strategy and provide
   support for the improvement and improvement of road transportation
   management department . 2018 , editorial department of china journal of
   highway and transport . all right reserved .
DE dangerous cargo transportation; simulation; supply and demand relationship;
   system dynamics; traffic engineering
ID computer software; economics; feedback; highway administration; highway
   planning; industrial management; motor transportation; nonlinear equations;
   professional aspects; roads and streets; sensitivity analysis; system
   theory; dangerous cargos; simulation; supply and demand; system dynamics;
   traffic engineering; freight transportation

---

UT 996
AR Lyu H, 2017, ENERGY PROCEDIA, V105, P3960, DOI 10.1016/j.egypro.2017.03.823
TI Research on Chinese Solar Photovoltaic Development Based on Green-trading
   Mechanisms in Power System by Using a System Dynamics Model
AU Lyu H; Li H/4; Wallin F; Xv B
TC 9
SO ENERGY PROCEDIA
PY 2017
AB china power year book in 2014 set the target of 300gw of pv installed
   capacity in 2030 . solar photovoltaic ( pv ) has shown a significant rise
   because of green_trading mechanisms . this study focuses on feed in tariff (
   fit ) and renewable portfolio standard ( rps ) . the objective of these two
   policies is attracting the public to invest in and to use solar pv system .
   based on the experience of germany about fit , this paper aims to evaluate
   the fit and rps policies in promoting installed pv capacity in china . a
   system dynamics ( sd ) model of pv system that includes fit , rps , pv cost
   , and installed capacity is built in this study . by using vensim_dss
   software , this paper assesses the effect of different combinations of
   policies on installed capacity of pv and emission reduction , and finds
   optimal policy combination . the results show that all four scenarios can
   reach the target of 300 gw in 2030 . the government cost of optimal scenario
   will be 251 billion rmb less than the scenario of historical trend . 2017
   the authors . published by elsevier ltd .
DE feed-in tarrif; renewable portfolio standard; solar pv; tradable green
   certificate
ID commerce; diffusers ( optical ); emission control; solar concentrators;
   system theory; emission reduction; feed-in tarrif; modeling of pv systems;
   renewable portfolio standard; solar photovoltaics; solar pvs; system
   dynamics model; tradable green certificates; solar power generation

---

UT 997
AR Marzouk M, 2014, RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL, V82, P41, DOI
   10.1016/j.resconrec.2013.10.015
TI Environmental and economic impact assessment of construction and demolition
   waste disposal using system dynamics
AU Marzouk M; Azab S
TC 351
SO RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL
PY 2014
AB construction and demolition wastes ( cdw ) have increasingly serious
   problems in environmental , social , and economic realms . there is no
   coherent framework for utilization of these wastes which are disposed both
   legally and illegally . this harms the environment , contributes to the
   increase of energy consumption , and depletes finite landfills resources .
   the aim of this paper is to evaluate the impacts of two alternatives for the
   management of cdw , recycling and disposing . the evaluation is carried out
   through developing a dynamic model with aid stella software by conducting
   the following steps : ( 1 ) quantifying the total cost incurred to mitigate
   the impacts of cdw landfills and uncollected waste on the environment and
   human health . ( 2 ) quantifying the total avoided emissions and saved
   energy by recycling waste . ( 3 ) estimating total external cost saved by
   recycling waste and . ( 4 ) providing a decision support tool that helps in
   re_thinking about waste disposal . the proposed evaluation methodology
   allows activating the stringent regulations that restrict waste disposal and
   developing incentives to encourage constructors to recycle their wastes .
   the research findings show that recycling cdw leads to significant
   reductions in emissions , energy use , global warming potential ( gwp ) ,
   and conserves landfills space when compared to disposal of wastes in
   landfills . furthermore , the cost of mitigating the impact of disposal is
   extremely high . therefore , it is necessary to recycle construction and
   demolition wastes . 2013 elsevier b.v . all rights reserved .
DE construction and demolition wastes ( cdw ); environmental and economic
   impact assessment; global warming potential ( gwp ); pollutant emissions;
   system dynamics modeling; waste recycling
ID charge density waves; decision support systems; demolition; energy
   utilization; global warming; land fill; recycling; system theory; waste
   utilization; construction and demolition waste; environmental and economic
   impacts; global warming potential; pollutant emission; system dynamics
   model; waste recycling; computer simulation; construction; demolition;
   economic impact; environmental impact; environmental modeling; global
   warming; recycling; software; waste disposal; waste management; air
   pollution control; article; computer program; construction and demolition
   waste; cost benefit analysis; cost control; decision support system;
   economic aspect; energy conservation; environmental impact assessment;
   environmental protection; greenhouse effect; industrial waste; landfill;
   public health; quantitative analysis; recycling; waste disposal; economic
   and social effects

---

UT 998
AR Sjaifuddin S, 2020, IND ENG MANAG SYST, V19, P211, DOI
   10.7232/iems.2020.19.1.211
TI Environmental management of industrial estate based on eco-industrial parks:
   A system dynamics modeling
AU Sjaifuddin S
TC 10
SO IND ENG MANAG SYST
PY 2020
AB this research aims to develop a dynamic model of environmental management of
   modern cikande industrial estate indonesia based on eco_industrial parks .
   the model is designed using a system dynamics approach with powersim studio
   7 express software . it is simulated using 3 scenarios : 1 ) business as
   usual , which is oriented toward economic growth only . 2 ) conservationism
   , which is just oriented to environmental protection . and 3 ) new urbanism
   , which is oriented to the integration of economic growth and environmental
   protection . the use of system dynamics in modeling eco_industrial parks is
   useful for elaborating future development opportunities . a dynamic model
   built based on predetermined scenarios can be used as an alternative in
   decision making for managers and government . the results show that new
   urbanism is the best scenario for this environmental management . when it is
   compared to other scenarios , new urbanism has a significant impact on
   controlling the growth of industrial structures , restraining the decrease
   of land available for industries , managing the growth of raw input ,
   decreasing waste quantity , bridling the need for water , escalating
   employment , and increasing contribution to regional income . 2020 kiie .
DE eco-industrial parks; environmental management; system dynamics approach

---

UT 999
AR Fan J, 2020, ASIA-PACIFIC POW ENERGY ENG CONF APPEEC, V2020-September, DOI
   10.1109/APPEEC48164.2020.9220565
TI Analysis and Optimization of the Power Generation Right Transfer Mechanism
AU Fan J; Jiang Y; Wang Y/15; Ding Y; Liu X; Yao Y
TC 0
SO ASIA-PACIFIC POW ENERGY ENG CONF APPEEC
PY 2020
AB with the further development of china ' s electricity reform , the
   consumption of renewable energy in a market_oriented way has become an
   important goal . the transfer of power generation rights has become the most
   important form used by chinese provinces . this paper firstly analyzes the
   corresponding policy adopted in jiangsu province and the framework of power
   generation right transfer trading , and then models and simulates the power
   generation right transfer trading market by using system dynamics through
   vensim software . finally , the key factors influencing the development of
   renewable energy in the transfer market of power generation rights are
   analyzed and optimized . according to this , some suggestions are put
   forward to improve the market construction policy . 2020 ieee .
DE market trading; optimization; power generation right; renewable energy;
   system dynamics
ID energy management; energy resources; engineering; china electricities;
   jiangsu province; renewable energies; system dynamics; transfer mechanisms;
   vensim softwares; commerce

---

UT 1000
AR Yuan H/1, 2012, WASTE MANAG, V32, P1218, DOI 10.1016/j.wasman.2012.01.028
TI A model for evaluating the social performance of construction waste
   management
AU Yuan H/1
TC 133
SO WASTE MANAG
PY 2012
AB it has been determined by existing literature that a lot of research efforts
   have been made to the economic performance of construction waste management
   ( cwm ) , but less attention is paid to investigation of the social
   performance of cwm . this study therefore attempts to develop a model for
   quantitatively evaluating the social performance of cwm by using a system
   dynamics ( sd ) approach . firstly , major variables affecting the social
   performance of cwm are identified and a holistic system for assessing the
   social performance of cwm is formulated in line with feedback relationships
   underlying these variables . the developed system is then converted into a
   sd model through the software ithink . an empirical case study is finally
   conducted to demonstrate application of the model . results of model
   validation indicate that the model is robust and reasonable to reflect the
   situation of the real system under study . findings of the case study offer
   helpful insights into effectively promoting the social performance of cwm of
   the project investigated . furthermore , the model exhibits great potential
   to function as an experimental platform for dynamically evaluating effects
   of management measures on improving the social performance of cwm of
   construction projects . 2012 elsevier ltd .
DE construction waste management; management measure; social performance;
   system dynamics
ID construction materials; industrial waste; models theoretical; social change;
   software; waste management; construction industry; research; system theory;
   waste management; construction projects; construction wastes; economic
   performance; empirical case-studies; experimental platform; in-line;
   management measures; model validation; real systems; research efforts;
   social performance; system dynamics; construction; empirical analysis;
   numerical model; quantitative analysis; waste management; article; building
   industry; building material; controlled study; environmental impact
   assessment; evaluation research; performance measurement system; pollution
   control; pollution monitoring; priority journal; process development;
   quantitative analysis; solid waste management; validation process; waste
   disposal; waste minimization; economic and social effects

---

UT 1001
AR Borja A, 2000, PERIOD BIOL, V102, P395
TI Modelling the management of clam (Ruditapes decussatus) exploitation in the
   Basque Country (Northern Spain)
AU Borja A; Bald J
TC 4
SO PERIOD BIOL
PY 2000
AB some of the estuaries of the basque country ( northern spain ) have been
   areas of exploitation of clam populations , both by professional and illegal
   fishermen . there is a real possibility of overfishing , therefore the
   department of fisheries of the basque government needs to : ( a ) understand
   the situation relating to these populations . and ( b ) provide a tool to
   establish the most adequate management for the exploitation of clams . in
   order to simulate different alternatives for the exploitation , based upon
   scientific data on the population , the best tool available is a system
   dynamics model . here the vensim model was employed , utilizing data on clam
   populations : summer stock in the plentzia estuary , in 1998 . winter stock
   in 1999 . biomass in summer and winter . area occupied by the species .
   length and weight class distribution . number of fishermen . mean of biomass
   captured by the fishermen . natural mortality , by length class . maturation
   . fertility rate . etc . there exist previous experiences in modeling clam
   exploitation in the mundaka estuary ( 1 ) . these experiences have been
   improved in this paper . following validation of the model , after running
   it for 1 and 10 years , some cases were simulated . this analysis was
   undertaken in order to establish the effect of modifying the number of
   fishermens , the aperture_close season of captures , and the minimum
   sustainable biomass . this approach is an initial proposal , which tries to
   establish the sustainable exploitation of the clam populations in the basque
   country .

---

UT 1002
AR Briano E, 2009, EUR CONCURR ENG CONF ECEC - FUTUR BUS TECHNOL CONF FUBUTEC,
   P17
TI The maintenance management in the highway context: A system dynamics
   approach
AU Briano E; Caballini C; Revetria R
TC 4
SO EUR CONCURR ENG CONF ECEC - FUTUR BUS TECHNOL CONF FUBUTEC
PY 2009
AB being a complex process and a predominant cost component , the maintenance
   management represents , for the highway context , one of the most critical
   aspects to take into account for a company concessionaire of the highway
   service . this is even truer for difficult environments , such as the
   mountain one , where the particular geographical features requires stricter
   and more expensive maintenance plans . the paper presents a real case study
   on the management of the maintenance operations for the a32 highway , which
   links the city of turin with france , passing through the mountain range of
   alps in the italian territory . utilizing a system dynamics ( sd ) approach
   enabled by the powersim software , a model of the particular maintenance
   system has been created and implemented . moreover , an optimization of the
   number of working yards , of the costs related to the total expenses of
   maintenance with particular regards to the penalties due to a failed respect
   of the imposed constraints , has been put into place . in order to
   efficiently manage in real time the complex implemented model , an opportune
   decision cockpit has been developed and connected to a vast database filled
   with continuously updated data . 2009 eurosis_eti .
DE decision cockpit; maintenance management; simulation; system dynamics
ID concurrent engineering; highway administration; highway planning; system
   theory; transportation; geographical features; maintenance management;
   maintenance operations; maintenance plans; maintenance systems; simulation;
   system dynamics; system dynamics approach; maintenance

---

UT 1003
AR Wang J-F, 2008, JIAOTONG YUNSHU XITONG GONGCHENG YU XINXI J TRANSP SYST ENG
   TECHNOL, V8, P83, DOI 10.1016/s1570-6672(08)60027-6
TI System dynamics model of urban transportation system and its application
AU Wang J-F; Lu H-P; Peng H
TC 171
SO JIAOTONG YUNSHU XITONG GONGCHENG YU XINXI J TRANSP SYST ENG TECHNOL
PY 2008
AB urban transportation system is a complex system with multiple variables and
   nonlinear feedback loops and influenced by transportation , social ,
   economical , and environmental factors . conventional transportation
   modeling approaches are unsuitable to simulate and evaluate its performance
   . this paper presents a system dynamics approach based on the
   because_and_effect analysis and feedback loop structures . the proposed sd
   model comprises 7 sub models : population , economic development , number of
   vehicles , environmental influence , travel demand , transport supply , and
   traffic congestion . the model runs it ! vensim ple , software using the
   data from dalian , china . the coefficient of the intervention policy nf
   vehicle ownership is chosen as the control variable for simulation , and the
   impacts of different policy scenarios on urban development and
   transportation system are analyzed . it suggests that dalian should restrict
   the total number of vehicles to improve the sustainability of transportation
   system .
DE intervention policy; sustainability; system dynamics; urban transportation
   system; vehicle ownership
ID motor transportation; nonlinear feedback; sustainable development; system
   theory; systems engineering; traffic congestion; urban growth; vehicles;
   competition; dynamics; motor transportation; population statistics; traffic
   congestion; vehicles; cause-and-effect analysis; environmental influences;
   feedback loop structure; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; system
   dynamics model; urban transportation systems; vehicle ownership; complex
   systems; control variables; economic developments; effect analyzes;
   environmental factors; environmental influences; feedback loop structures;
   multiple variables; nonlinear feedbacks; number of vehicles; policy
   scenarios; sd models; software using; sustainability; system dynamics;
   system dynamics approaches; system dynamics models; transport supplies;
   transportation modeling; transportation systems; travel demands; urban
   developments; urban transportation system; urban transportation systems;
   vehicle ownership intervention policy; vehicle ownerships; urban
   transportation; transportation

---

UT 1004
AR Weiqiang J, 2008, INT CONF WIREL COMMUN NETW MOB COMPUT WICOM, DOI
   10.1109/WiCom.2008.1781
TI The system simulation study on the development strategy of military-civilian
   industry product fusion in military industry enterprises
AU Weiqiang J; Yunzhu W
TC 0
SO INT CONF WIREL COMMUN NETW MOB COMPUT WICOM
PY 2008
AB based on the system analysis on model of military_civilian industry product
   fusion development in military industry enterprises , this paper builds the
   system dynamics ( sd ) mathematical model which characterizes its
   development model . by utilizing the vensim software simulation and
   regulation analysis technology , it analyzes the main variables to affect
   the military_civilian industry product fusion development in military
   industry enterprises , through the analysis it puts forward the
   corresponding management policy , which achieves the purpose of analyzing
   the management problems in military industry enterprises effectively using
   the method of system science . 2008 ieee .
DE military industry enterprises; simulation analysis; system dynamics ( sd )
ID diffusers ( optical ); dynamics; functions; fusion reactions; industrial
   management; industry; mobile computing; modal analysis; planning; strategic
   planning; wireless networks; wireless telecommunication systems; civilian
   industries; development models; development strategies; management policies;
   management problems; military industries; military industry enterprises;
   simulation analysis; software simulations; system analysis; system dynamics
   ( sd ); system sciences; system simulations; mathematical models

---

UT 1005
AR Wang H/8, 2008, PROC - INT CONF INTELL COMPUT TECHNOL AUTOM ICICTA, V1,
   P920, DOI 10.1109/ICICTA.2008.166
TI Research on multi-system coupling system dynamics model simulation combining
   with fuzzy theory
AU Wang H/8; Dong Z/1; Wu Z
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF INTELL COMPUT TECHNOL AUTOM ICICTA
PY 2008
AB water resources system is a multi_feedback and multi_interface nonlinear
   complicated system , in this paper system dynamics ( sd ) model is
   established using vensim_ple of sd software , in which water resources
   system couples with society economy and eco_environment system . fuzzy
   inference system ( fis ) is embedded in sd model to analyze key model
   parameters uncertainty . taking minqin oasis for example to validate this
   method , we simulate the response of water resources supply and demand to
   society economy changes . according to key parameters uncertainty , fis is
   feasible to solve uncertainty problem . the simulation result indicates that
   , in this special research basin , uncertainty of increasing rate of
   population is small compared with the rate of industry output value . and
   response of water resources to society economy is small compared with
   agriculture , but considering parameter uncertainty is essential . sd model
   embedded in fis is a effective way to analyzing deeply and understanding
   model . 2008 ieee .
ID competition; diffusers ( optical ); dynamics; economics; fuzzy inference;
   fuzzy systems; uncertainty analysis; complicated systems; environment
   systems; fuzzy inference systems; fuzzy theories; key models; key
   parameters; minqin oases; output values; parameter uncertainties; sd models;
   simulation results; supply and demands; system couplings; system dynamics;
   uncertainty problems; water resources systems; water resources

---

UT 1006
AR Khan S, 2005, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC,
   P1963
TI Modeling water futures using food security and environmental sustainability
   approaches
AU Khan S; Mu J; Jamnani MAR; Hafeez M; Gao Z/2
TC 4
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC
PY 2005
AB global water scarcity is becoming a constraint for human development .
   therefore there is a need to enhance water productivity of the irrigated and
   rainfed agriculture to meet the increasing food demand due to the population
   growth . this paper describes modeling efforts to assess present and future
   water needs for food , people and environment . this exercise is being
   carried out by the international commission on irrigation and drainage (
   icid ) in five countries , china , egypt , india , mexico , and pakistan ,
   which together cover 51 % of irrigated area and 43 % population in the world
   . this paper presents two modeling frameworks including the food security
   approach of the international water management institute ( iwmi ) through
   policy dialog model ( podium ) , an environmental approach i . e . the basin
   wide holistic integrated water assessment ( bhiwa ) model and its system
   dynamic version using vensim environment . the two modeling approaches i . e
   . the bhiwa and podium can be used to simulate and analyze the impacts of
   land use and climate change impacts on water resources and eventually
   optimize the water allocations among agricultural , industrial , domestic ,
   and environmental sectors within a basin context . both approaches described
   in this paper have shortcomings for exploring water futures of a country .
   bhiwa is not a distributed hydrologic model and can not deal with each land
   use geographically distributed throughout the basin . all such parcels need
   to be conceptually lumped into a single land use unit . bhiwa model does not
   depict the spatial variations in rainfall , potential evapo_transpiration ,
   intensities of cropping or irrigation as well as slow horizontal groundwater
   movement , from under one area to another . the podium model is based on
   accounting of more or less fixed contemn of ' ' utilizable ' ' surface and
   ground water resource . the changes in the hydrology due to land use changes
   , and the resultant changes in the utilizable water are important when
   considering longer term scenarios . this paper highlights the benefits and
   disadvantages of using these approaches through model applications in the
   qiantang river basin in china . the qiantang river basin lies in the
   southeast of china and comes under a subtropical monsoon climate with four
   well_marked seasons . the average annual precipitation is between 1200 mm
   and 2200 mm , with annual evaporation ranging between 800 mm and 1000 mm .
   on the basis of the model simulations presented in this paper it is
   concluded that the podium model is strong at representing basin / country '
   s food needs and associated use of ' ' utilizable ' ' surface and ground
   water resources but it does not depict the inter_relations between different
   hydrologic components e . g . surface and ground water . the bhiwa model
   developed by icid aims to quantify water use by three sectors ( i . e .
   nature , food and people ) , therefore allows better understanding of impact
   of land use changes as well as soil and water conservation policies and
   programs through the simulation of overall hydrologic cycle . a system
   dynamics based representation of bhiwa model allows users to conceptualize ,
   document , simulate , analyze , and optimize water management . it can help
   to understand the most sensitive parameters for improving the water use
   efficiency at system scale .
DE bhiwa; environmental sustainability; food security; podium; vensim; water
   balance
ID climate change; computer simulation; decision making; environmental
   protection; food supply; geologic models; groundwater; groundwater
   resources; irrigation; land use; mathematical models; optimization;
   population statistics; rain; surface water resources; sustainable
   development; water management; water supply; watersheds; agricultural
   robots; behavioral research; climate change; food supply; groundwater;
   groundwater resources; horizontal wells; irrigation; land use; population
   statistics; soil conservation; surface water resources; sustainable
   development; water conservation; water management; watersheds; bhiwa;
   environmental sustainability; food security; podium; vensim; water balance;
   average annual precipitation; climate change impact; distributed hydrologic
   model; environmental sustainability; hydrologic components; international
   commission; subtropical monsoon climate; surface and ground waters; water
   conservation; decision making

---

UT 1007
AR Simonović SP, 2010, SYST APPROACH MANAG DISASTERS METHODS APPL, DOI
   10.1002/9780470890363
TI Systems Approach to Management of Disasters: Methods and Applications
AU Simonović SP
TC 73
SO SYST APPROACH MANAG DISASTERS METHODS APPL
PY 2010
AB the main goal of this text is to introduce the systems approach to disasters
   management community as an alternative approach that can provide support for
   interdisciplinary activities involved in the management of disasters . the
   systems approach draws on the fields of operations research and economics to
   create skills in solving complex management problems . the text is organized
   into four parts . part i provides an introductory discussion of disaster
   management including an overview of the main terms used . part ii is devoted
   to the introduction of systems theory , mathematical formalization and
   classification of methods . the material presented in this section should be
   of practical relevance during the process of selecting an appropriate tool
   for the solution of a problem . part iii is technical in nature , providing
   a simulation approach and a detailed description of system dynamics
   simulation . this section details two areas of application : flood
   evacuation simulation , and disaster risk assessment . part iv ends with a
   chapter covering steps to improve disaster management . finally parts of the
   book can be used as a tool for specialized short courses for practitioners .
   for example a course on ' system analysis for emergency management
   optimization ' could be based on chapters 3 , 4 and parts of chapter 6.
   included in the book is a cd with three computer programs vensim ple ,
   linpro , and compro . vensim ple ( personal learning edition ) is
   state_of_the_art simulation software used for the implementation of system
   dynamics simulation . the other two programs are : linpro , a linear
   programming optimization tool . and compro , for the implementation of the
   multi_objective analysis tool of compromise programming . 2011 john wiley
   and sons , inc .

---

UT 1008
AR Bell MGH, 1997, TRAFFIC ENG CONTROL, V38, P666
TI Does traffic restraint concentrate or disperse activities?
AU Bell MGH
TC 1
SO TRAFFIC ENG CONTROL
PY 1997
AB a number of cities are contemplating the intensification of traffic
   restraint through the implementation of cordon toll or access control
   schemes . however , there is some disquiet about the potential long_term
   impact of such schemes on the ability of the restrained area to attract and
   retain homes and jobs , particularly in those cities afflicted by urban
   decay . this paper focuses on the economic incentives created by cordon
   tolls and access controls . a simple two_zone model is described , the inner
   zone representing the restrained area and the outer zone the surrounding
   region . home and job allocation is treated as a murkov process where the
   transition probabilities depend on the travel costs which in turn depend on
   the extent of congestion and the level of car dependency . the model is
   implemented using the powersim system dynamics software tool . the results
   suggest that cordon tolls and access controls are likely to concentrate
   homes and jobs within the restrained area , provided sufficient non_car
   transport facilities are provided there . other factors , such as the
   quality of the urban environment , rerouteing of through traffic and the
   efficiency of public transport services , accentuate the centralizing
   tendency .
ID economic impact; land use pattern; modeling approach; traffic management;
   transport policy; urban land use

---

UT 1009
AR Lazanski TJ, 2006, KYBERNETES, V35, P1048, DOI 10.1108/03684920610684779
TI Systems approach to complex systems modelling with special regards to
   tourism
AU Lazanski TJ; Kljajić M
TC 40
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2006
AB purpose_the importance of context dependent modeling of complex systems ,
   depending on the observer ' s point of view will be discussed . thus ,
   context is synonymous for the content of a problem in a frame of the goals ,
   starting points and ways to achieve these aims . in this light ,
   difficulties of model validation and a general method how to overcome them
   was discussed . the relations among subject_object_model in the light of a
   systems approach . charles sanders peirce ' s triad principle and the
   semiotic principle of communication was presented . design / methodology /
   approach_the appropriateness of a system dynamics methodology , which is due
   to its transparency and clarity an excellent tool for modeling of complex
   systems . findings_in the paper the equivalence of different methodologies
   was shown , whose differences and similarities can be judged only in context
   of a problem and the aims of researches . for illustration , the methodology
   is applied to a tourism system , which possesses the typical properties of
   global and local organizations . a verbal description of a tourism problem
   is followed by a causal loop diagram , which helps to discuss the problem
   categorically . practical implications_as the methodology is implemented
   using quantitative model and powersim tools . it offers the solution of
   national tourism strategy implication , selected from different scenarios .
   originality / value_this paper presents a simulation model of the tourism in
   a frame of system dynamics , developed from qualitative models , as an
   illustration of the discussed methodology . emerald group publishing limited
   .
DE cybernetics; modeling; systems theory; tourism
ID cybernetics; models; causal loop diagrams; context dependent;
   design/methodology/approach; qualitative model; quantitative modeling;
   systems modeling; tourism; typical properties; system theory

---

UT 1010
AR Stouten H, 2008, AQUAT LIVING RESOUR, V21, P247, DOI 10.1051/alr:2008037
TI The effect of restrictive policy instruments on Belgian fishing fleet
   dynamics
AU Stouten H; Heene A; Gellynck X; Polet H
TC 4
SO AQUAT LIVING RESOUR
PY 2008
AB even with the rapid changes in the level of complexity and the uncertainty
   of the environment in which belgian sea fisheries operate , fisheries
   management in belgium is still mainly based on restrictive policy
   instruments founded in the biological approach of fisheries management
   science . since they will continue to play an important role , this paper
   evaluated changes in three restrictive policy instruments and their effect
   on future fleet performance and dynamics , i . e . maximum fishing days ,
   total quota_restrictions and licenses . these effects are tested through
   scenarios in a microeconomic simulation model , including sensitivity
   analysis . this study opts for a dynamic simulation model based on a
   microeconomic approach of fleet dynamics using system dynamics as a modeling
   technique ( operational base : vensimdss ) . the results indicated that
   changes in maximum fishing days and total quota resulted in higher
   fluctuations in fleet performance and dynamics compared to changes in
   licenses . furthermore , changes in maximum fishing days and total quota had
   a direct impact on fleet performance , though not always as expected ,
   whereas licenses only affected fleet performance indirectly since they only
   limit the entry of new vessels to the fleet and they can block the growth of
   successful sub fleets . the outcomes of this study are translated into
   practical recommendations for improving fisheries management . firstly ,
   policy makers need to be more aware of misperceptions of feedback . secondly
   , the results proved that altering only one type of restrictive policy
   instrument at a time often fails to meet desired outcomes . therefore ,
   policy makers need to find a balance in combining policy instruments .
   finally , this paper opens the discussion on the future value of restrictive
   policy instruments in the rapidly changing , complex and uncertain fisheries
   environment . it suggests rethinking their use from ' ' preserving a status
   quo and social peace ' ' toward a driving factor in ' ' stimulating fleet
   dynamics ' ' . 2008 edp sciences ifremer ird .
DE fisheries management; fleet dynamics; fleet performance; restrictive policy
   instruments; sensitivity simulation; system dynamics
ID belgium; benelux; eurasia; europe; western europe; complexity; fishery
   management; fishery policy; modeling; performance assessment; sensitivity
   analysis

---

UT 1011
AR Aggarwal D, 2004, INTERACT MULTIMED ELECTRON J COMP ENHANC LEARN, V6
TI Simulation game for peach retail ordering systems
AU Aggarwal D; Prussia SE; Florkowski WJ; Lynd D
TC 7
SO INTERACT MULTIMED ELECTRON J COMP ENHANC LEARN
PY 2004
AB the development of computer_mediated simulation game , for peach retail
   ordering system , in the windows environment is discussed . the game uses
   stella software to model the system and to develop the simulation equations
   . the game is developed with the complicated needs of the producer sector in
   the mind , combines system dynamics and systems thinking , to model and
   simulate the essential elements responsible for meeting consumer demand .
   the game can be used as a teaching tool by marketing , postharvest
   engineering , biology students and as a training tool by produce department
   personnel in retail outlets to understand the dynamics of supply chains in
   the post harvest marketing system .
ID computer simulation; flight simulators; interactive computer graphics;
   marketing; personal computers; personnel; personnel training; retail stores;
   students; teaching; virtual reality; business management; postharvest
   engineering; simulation equations; supply chain systems; computer software

---

UT 1012
AR Chen KC, 2004, J COMPUT SYST, V45, P104
TI Decision support system for tourism development: System dynamics approach
AU Chen KC
TC 31
SO J COMPUT SYST
PY 2004
AB a natural resource_based tourism decision support system ( nrbtdss ) has
   been developed to simulate visitor dynamics in response to different
   environmental changes and investment policy scenarios . nrbtdss is a system
   dynamics based interactive decision support system . it is designed in
   powersim program and contains 5 sectors of natural resource based tourism
   regional system information , which are interlined . the model predicts
   visitor dynamics and economic income . nrbtdss is interactive and easy to
   use . it is also a useful tool for both research and education . this paper
   introduces the methods of tourism decision support system development ,
   presents the decision model structure , demonstrates a sample simulation
   using the system , and discusses the validation and utilities of the system
   as well as means to expand the system in the future .
DE economic income; natural resource-based tourism; system dynamics; visitor
ID behavioral research; economic and social effects; economics; interactive
   devices; investments; natural resources; sustainable development; economic
   income; natural resource-based tourism; system dynamics; visitors; decision
   support systems

---

UT 1013
AR Bauer C, 2005, SIMUL WIDER EUR - EUR CONF MODEL SIMUL ECMS, P320
TI Component-based composition of System Dynamics models
AU Bauer C; Bodendorf F
TC 1
SO SIMUL WIDER EUR - EUR CONF MODEL SIMUL ECMS
PY 2005
AB an approach using component technology for the development of system
   dynamics models is introduced . at first a brief introduction of system
   dynamics and its modeling elements is given . the representation of system
   dynamics models in vensim , an interactive software environment for the
   handling of such models , is described . on this basis the paper provides a
   concept for component development and model composition . the concept is
   basic and independent from any problem or domain specific context . an
   example depicts the appliance of the concept to a given problem domain
   explaining the usage of domain specific model design patterns and components
   . finally a prototype system to support component_based modeling is
   described . ecms , 2005 .
DE component technology; model composition; simulation framework; software
   tool; system dynamics
ID computer aided software engineering; computer software; system theory;
   component technologies; model composition; simulation framework; software
   tool; system dynamics; computer simulation

---

UT 1014
AR Adriano-Moran J, 2005, TECHNOL HEAL CARE, V13, P355
TI A web-based decision support system for modelling telecare
AU Adriano-Moran J; Leicester H; Roudsari A
TC 1
SO TECHNOL HEAL CARE
PY 2005
AB introduction : the integration of new healthcare services based on ict
   systems have shown not to be an easy task . several barriers [ 1 ] are often
   highlighted as obstacles . to be successful in the operation of home based
   monitoring systems ( telecare ) , it is required that feasibility studies
   are to be carried out in advance . pilot projects can be implemented to
   capture organizational changes , direct benefits , and economic implications
   caused by the adoption of such systems in the medical practice . however ,
   these complex projects may not be replicable and imply extra costs and time
   . the design of a web_based decision support system ( dss ) tool , that
   allows analyzing and planning telecare projects under different scenarios
   before they are adopted within the healthcare system would be cost effective
   . as a first step toward developing the dds tool , this paper reports an
   insight on system dynamics ( sd ) approach applied to a novel telecare
   service , part of an eu funded project ( the reality project ) . methods :
   three countries were involved in the reality project and data of various
   medical conditions were collected for further analysis and model
   implementation . patients were trained with handheld monitoring devices
   linked to local medical centers via the internet . supplementary description
   of this project has been described somewhere else [ 2 ] . data collected
   from asthma patients e . g . peak flows , drugs ingested , sleep quality and
   several symptoms were used for feeding the ' ' rates ' ' and ' ' stocks ' '
   of the sd model . simulations and analysis of the system were achieved using
   ithink software and graphical comparisons were made between data collected
   and simulation results . results : a sd model consisted in three phases ,
   recruitment , training , and service in operation , was obtained . positive
   and negative feedback loops were identified and model validation was
   achieved using the global service of use in four different sites . there is
   uncertainty about gp ' s system frequency of use , at a first glance , there
   was a few server activity indicated by gps . we are still analyzing data for
   understanding and completion of the model . discussion : currently , sd is
   been used in waiting list analysis , social and health care policies , and
   disease modeling in the uk . implementation of systems methodology in the
   telemedicine field has been suggested before [ 3 ] , but little work has
   been done on the formal modeling of telecare [ 4,5 ] . capturing the
   behavior of telecare within the healthcare sector , through a decision
   support system , may be a suitable option to understand , analyze , and
   predict organizational healthcare changes . it is highly desirable , a
   simulation tool that allows the evaluation of decisions and policies in a
   safe , fast , and low cost environment . we propose a sd model that will be
   able to trace for factors of success , failure , and systemic effects .
ID asthma; computer program; conference paper; decision support system; health
   service; human; internet; medical education; microcomputer; priority
   journal; simulation; telemedicine

---

UT 1015
AR Dudley RG, 2004, J SUSTAIN, V19, P31, DOI 10.1300/J091v19n01_03
TI A system dynamics examination of the willingness of villagers to engage in
   illegal logging
AU Dudley RG
TC 16
SO J SUSTAIN
PY 2004
AB much of the work of illegal logging in indonesia is carried out by villagers
   . several factors determine villagers ' willingness to participate in such
   activities . chief among these are : ( 1 ) the need for income , ( 2 ) the
   fact that other villagers ( and non_villagers ) are already illegally
   logging , and ( 3 ) the realization of loss of community control over
   traditional forest areas . these factors form the basis of feedback loops ,
   which trap villagers in illegal logging systems , which will likely result
   in the disappearance of a major source of livelihood , ideas for system
   dynamics model structure were obtained from field reports and interviews
   with stakeholders . these ideas were examined using causal loop diagrams to
   represent different views of illegal logging . one village level view was
   formulated as a quantified system dynamics model using vensim software . the
   model allows examination of scenarios , which might alter system behavior .
   the model is a tool for understanding consequences of various proposed
   strategies to control illegal logging . these strategies include enforcement
   of laws , strengthening of community rights , the prevention of outside
   labor in local forests , and the provision of alternate sources of income .
   this is part of a larger effort to describe and analyze illegal logging
   using system dynamics modeling . 2004 by the haworth press , inc . all
   rights reserved .
DE illegal logging; indonesia; system dynamics modeling; villagers
ID computer programs; forestry; logging; regulations; asia; eastern hemisphere;
   eurasia; indonesia; southeast asia; world; computer simulation; forestry;
   laws and legislation; software engineering; systems analysis; behavioral
   response; logging ( timber ); modeling; nature-society relations; rural
   population; feedback loops; illegal logging; system dynamics; villagers;
   logging ( forestry )

---

UT 1016
AR Yu C-H, 2003, J CHIN INST ENG TRANS CHIN INST ENG SER, V26, P607, DOI
   10.1080/02533839.2003.9670815
TI Development of a system dynamics model for sustainable land use management
AU Yu C-H; Chen C-H; Lin C-F; Liaw S-L/1
TC 31
SO J CHIN INST ENG TRANS CHIN INST ENG SER
PY 2003
AB the current land use management framework considers economic , social , and
   environmental influences individually , making it difficult to achieve
   sustainable development . therefore , this study aims to develop a system
   dynamics model to help decision makers to integrally and systematically
   consider the components and interactions in land use management . based on
   the concept of sustainable development , this study uses systems thinking to
   develop dynamics of sustainable land use management in a river basin , which
   considers human activities , land resources , water resources , and air
   resources integrally . furthermore , this study uses the concept of driving
   forcestate_response to establish a conceptual dynamics framework for
   sustainable land use management . because of the complicated interactions
   among the above components and iterative decision_making procedures , this
   study uses vensim software and the concept of object_oriented programming to
   develop a sustainable land use management system dynamics model ( slumsd
   model ) based on the conceptual dynamics framework . the nankan river basin
   is used as a case study to illustrate the capability of the slumsd model .
   the case study indicates that the interactions among the components in
   sustainable land use management can be effectively identified in the slumsd
   model . while planning strategies for sustainable land use management ,
   decision_makers can use the slumsd model to understand how the components
   vary with different alternatives . using the slumsd model to iteratively
   modify alternatives can ensure appropriate decision_making in sustainable
   land use management . 2003 , taylor and francis group , llc .
DE dsr framework; object oriented programming; sustainable land use management;
   system dynamics model; systems thinking
ID decision making; economic and social effects; land use; mathematical models;
   object oriented programming; sustainable development; sustainable land use
   management; system dynamics; systems thinking; systems analysis

---

UT 1017
AR Yang D-S, 2009, BEIJING GONGYE DAXUE XUEBAO J BEIJING UNIV TECHNOL, V35,
   P140
TI System dynamic analysis of university-industry cooperation
AU Yang D-S; Zhang Y-A
TC 3
SO BEIJING GONGYE DAXUE XUEBAO J BEIJING UNIV TECHNOL
PY 2009
AB based on the theory and method of system dynamics ( sd ) , the elementary
   characteristic and evolution of university_industry cooperation was studied
   in this paper . according to these analyzes , the sd model was set up ,
   which was running with vensim software . the results of simulation showed
   that enterprises took the principal part during the cooperation and factors
   such as invest ratio of r and d had certain effect on the evolution of
   university_industry cooperation .
DE simulation; system dynamics; university-industry cooperation; vensim
ID diffusers ( optical ); dynamic analysis; dynamics; simulation; system
   dynamics; theory and methods; university-industry cooperation; vensim;
   computer software

---

UT 1018
AR Prokhoda-Shumskih L, 2007, PROC INT CONF MEDITERR COAST ENV MEDCOAST, V2,
   P1207
TI Dynamic modelling of coastal water quality
AU Prokhoda-Shumskih L; Dreizis Y; Kantardgi I
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF MEDITERR COAST ENV MEDCOAST
PY 2007
AB growth of anthropogenic load on a coastal zone of the sea in the last years
   in connection with increase in number of tourists and building of coastal
   structures has led to an aggravation of many environmental problems . the
   majority of them are connected with the sea water quality control . possible
   prospects of their solution are connected with realization of the concept of
   ' ' sustainable development ' '_sustainable coexistence of mankind and the
   nature , and the basic method of that is the water quality modeling . a
   plenty of parameters is used to provide the fullness and objectivity of the
   estimation of quality of superficial waters now . the choice of important
   for application of 10 parameters from 40_45 proves in the presented model .
   to increase the accuracy and informative of forecasts for the coastal zone
   conditions the system_dynamic model has been developed , what allows to
   estimate the quality of the sea water , including that in the semi_enclosed
   coastal water areas with the limited water exchange . the model of water
   quality in the coastal zone includes the equations of deposit concentration
   changes and chemical substances evolution in the studied areas . the model
   incorporates joint description of cycles of two biogenic elements_nitrogen
   and phosphorus . the system is completely defined by the biogeochemical
   reactions . the sizes of such water areas allow the applying the full mixing
   and zero_dimensional models of water quality . the circulation of water
   inside the area is taken into account additionally . water exchange in the
   semi_enclosed coastal water areas is defined by the discharge through the
   open parts of area border . the novelty of the offered model is its
   adaptation to the specific conditions of semi_enclosed coastal water areas .
   then the coastal engineering projects which include the effects of partly
   enclosed by structure areas with limited water exchange and high intensity
   of pollution concern . at the same time , the model contains details of the
   biogeochemical processes to complete modeling of the water quality . the
   developed system dynamics model is realized in the powersim studio media .
   the data of natural measurements of water quality are applied for the model
   verification , and the correlated numerical results for the russian black
   sea coast are presented . the including of the coastal water quality model
   into the procedures of the integrated coastal area management is also
   discussed .
ID biogeochemistry; coastal engineering; coastal zones; seawater; water
   quality; biogeochemical process; biogeochemical reactions; environmental
   problems; estimation of qualities; model of water quality; nitrogen and
   phosphorus; water quality modeling; zero-dimensional models; water pollution

---

UT 1019
AR Caballero Y, 2004, HYDROL PROCESS, V18, P939, DOI 10.1002/hyp.1339
TI Flow modelling in a high mountain valley equipped with hydropower plants:
   Rio Zongo Valley, Cordillera Real, Bolivia
AU Caballero Y; Chevallier P; Gallaire R; Pillco R
TC 24
SO HYDROL PROCESS
PY 2004
AB water management modeling of a hydroelectric system in a tropical high
   mountain context is presented . the study zone and the hydraulic network are
   described and the water management strategy analyzed . three different
   models are combined to describe the complexity of the specific
   hydrometeorological context : the spatial distribution of the climatic data
   over the river basin , the surface energy balance influence on the runoff
   production of a river basin and the surface flow transfer modeling through a
   hydraulic system . the atmospheric forcing spatial distribution is derived
   from the available climatic data records . the runoff production on the
   catchment ' s slopes is simulated using the land_surface scheme isba . the
   system dynamics tool vensim is used to simulate the hydraulic dynamics in
   the hydropower plants system . a short description of the three modeling
   methods is given , followed by the description of the coupled model
   construction . the simulation results of the isba land_surface scheme on
   both a non_glacial an a glacial sub_basin during a 17 month period are
   presented . after pointing out the necessity of the water management model
   to simulate the river discharge at the outlet of the basin , the main
   reservoirs , simulated water level variations are shown . 2004 john wiley
   and sons , ltd .
DE andes cordillera; hydraulic and hydrologie modeling; hydropower plant;
   surface scheme; system dynamics; tropical glacier
ID flow modeling; hydroelectric power plant; mountain; reservoir; runoff; water
   management; computational complexity; computer simulation; hydraulics;
   reservoirs ( water ); strategic planning; water conservation; high valley
   mountains; hydropower plants; hydroelectric power plants

---

UT 1020
AR Šestan L, 2007, RAD, V42 42, P19
TI The development of the simulation model of an even-aged forest; [Razvoj
   simulacijskog modela regularne šume]
AU Šestan L; Čavlović J
TC 2
SO RAD
PY 2007
AB system dynamics is a methodology for research , modeling , simulation and
   optimization of the complex dynamical systems , whose first phase of
   development was characterized by its author prof . jay forrester . further
   development of system dynamics expands its application to different systems
   , such as different types of forests . the subject of this work is to
   present the methodology which enables the creation of the dynamic system of
   an even_aged forest , based on the system analysis and system dynamics . the
   research was carried out in the area of zagreb forest district , novoselec
   forest office , management unit marca . the required data are provided on
   the basis of the forest inventory data , collected in 2001 during the
   elaboration of the management plan for management unit marca . gathered and
   processed data have made it possible to build the verbal and
   conceptual_structural simulation model of the forest dynamic system ,
   together with application of the system dynamics method in the analysis of
   the forest management . the transfer of knowledge about the system is made
   with the use of computer software powersim studio 2003 . the verification
   and the validation of the model were conducted . the disproportion between
   the timeline of the existing management planning and the forest growth could
   be overcome with the use of the simulations , that is , system dynamics
   method . the completed models would ensure long_term planning and could be
   used as a supplement to the existing methods , all for the benefit of
   improving the control and quality of system management . finally , such a
   method of management planning would enable the realization of the
   sustainable forestry and the principles of sustainable development .
   according to the opinion of the author , system of an even_aged forest
   belongs to nonlinear and complex area in which modeling with system dynamics
   will give better results than the application of ' ' classic ' ' methods of
   prediction .
DE beech management class; mathematical computer model; modeling; simulation;
   system dynamics
ID fagus

---

UT 1021
AR Zhai C, 2009, INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMPUT INTELL AICI, V1, P273, DOI
   10.1109/AICI.2009.272
TI Application of system dynamics in the forecasting water resources demand in
   Tianjin Polytechnic University
AU Zhai C; Zhang H; Zhang X/3
TC 7
SO INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMPUT INTELL AICI
PY 2009
AB accurate prediction of water resources demand plays an important role in the
   system which integrates water resources management promotes and balance
   efficiency and allocation of water demand . this article introduces the
   ithink software for the forecasting water resources demand . system dynamics
   is a brand_new subject on the basis of operation research , system theory ,
   cybernetics , information feedback theory , decision theory and computer
   science . the model which is proposed in this article is dominated by three
   stocks , five flows and thirty_one converters . as regards tianjin
   polytechnic university , the model is developed for predicting the tendency
   of the planning years , based on analysis of water resources . the practical
   verification showed this method forecast relative error was lower than 5 % .
   thus the predicting outcome showed that system dynamics forecasting result
   can offer accurate quantitative information to water resources management
   system . and that proved that system dynamics method was an available tool
   for resources plan . 2009 ieee .
DE forecast; ithink; mathematic; system dynamics; water resources demand
ID artificial intelligence; computation theory; decision theory; feedback;
   forecasting; game theory; system theory; accurate prediction; forecast;
   information feedback; operation research; predicting outcomes; quantitative
   information; relative errors; system dynamics; tianjin; water demand; water
   resources management; water resources

---

UT 1022
AR Liu M/2, 2010, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V72 LNEE, P53, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-14350-2_7
TI Dynamic evolution in system modeling of knowledge-intensive business
   services' organizational inertia
AU Liu M/2
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2010
AB this research analyzes inertia as a metaphor to explain organizational
   change and innovation by adopting system dynamics modeling of the
   organizational inertia of knowledge_intensive business services ( kibs ) .
   kibs are regarded as the main study object in virtue of more uncertainties
   and complicatedly ever_changing environments and their winning inertia for
   the survival is a buzzword . this study aims at making out the specific
   component of organizational inertia of kibs , which have the prominently
   different characteristics from the traditional industries . it highlights
   the level and rate model to illustrate the dynamic evolutionary processes of
   organizational inertia and works out the input and output graphs of
   organizational inertia in vensim that demands the relevant system modeling
   foundations in the empirical practice . 2010 springer_verlag berlin
   heidelberg .
DE input and output model; knowledge-intensive business services; level and
   rate model; organizational inertia; system modeling
ID information systems; input and output model; knowledge-intensive business;
   organizational inertia; rate models; system modeling; wireless networks

---

UT 1023
AR Ma T, 2010, TAIYANGNENG XUEBAO, V31, P1521
TI Evaluation on hydrogen consumption and its reduction of CO2 emission of
   Chinese medium and long-term economic development
AU Ma T; Sun B/1; Guo H; Ji J; Jiang M
TC 7
SO TAIYANGNENG XUEBAO
PY 2010
AB this paper starts with the state of china ' s medium and long_term economic
   development . after establish the relationship between economic development
   and hydrogen energy consumption , the input parameter of the ratio of
   hydrogen consumption was set up , the pace of economic development ,
   industrial structure changes . then with the use of vensim_ple system
   dynamics software package , we set two growth rates of china ' s medium and
   long_term economic and respectively draw the corresponding total amount of
   hydrogen consumption . on this basis , compared with the main
   varieties_fired of china ' s current energy consumption , coal , the total
   consumption of the two plans hydrogen generated by the effect of co2
   emission reduction through alternative energy methods was calculate . this
   article concluded that hydrogen and other renewable sources structural
   factors to estimate total energy consumption is quite different from the
   main current consumption of energy . system dynamics method in hydrogen
   energy and other renewable energy sources in total consumption studies have
   obvious advantages . compared with coal_fired energy consumption , hydrogen
   energy as a carbon_free energy have its obvious advantages to the co2
   emission reduction .
DE economic development; evaluation; hydrogen energy consumption; reduction of
   co2 emission
ID energy utilization; hydrogen; system theory; a-carbon; alternative energy;
   current consumption; current energy; economic development; effect of co;
   emission reduction; energy consumption; evaluation; hydrogen energy;
   hydrogen energy consumption; industrial structures; input parameter;
   renewable energy source; renewable sources; structural factor; system
   dynamics; total energy consumption; renewable energy resources

---

UT 1024
AR Tobias MI, 2010, J PUBLIC HEAL, V100, P1274, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.2009.171165
TI Application of a system dynamics model to inform investment in smoking
   cessation services in New Zealand
AU Tobias MI; Cavana RY; Bloomfield A
TC 55
SO J PUBLIC HEAL
PY 2010
AB objectives . we estimated the long_term effects of smoking cessation
   interventions to inform government decision_making regarding investment in
   tobacco control . methods . we extracted data from the 2006 new zealand
   tobacco use survey and other sources and developed a system dynamics model
   with the ithink computer simulation package . the model derived estimates of
   population cessation rates from smoking behaviors and applied these over a
   50_year period , from 2001 to 2051 , under business_as_usual and enhanced
   cessation intervention scenarios . results . the model predicted larger
   effects by 2051 with the enhanced cessation than with the business_as_usual
   scenario , including : an 11 % greater decline in adult current smoking
   prevalence ( 9 versus 10 per 100 people ) , 16 % greater decline in per
   capita tobacco consumption ( 370 versus 440 cigarette equivalents per year )
   , and 11 % greater reduction in tobacco_attributable mortality ( 3000 versus
   3300 deaths per year ) . conclusions . the model generated reliable
   estimates of the effects on health and on tobacco use of interventions
   designed to enhance smoking cessation . these results informed a decision
   announced in may 2007 to increase funding for smoking cessation by nz $ 42
   million over 4 years .
ID adolescent; adult; computer simulation; health policy; health promotion;
   humans; middle aged; new zealand; prevalence; smoking; smoking cessation;
   systems theory; young adult; adolescent; adult; article; computer
   simulation; economics; health care policy; health promotion; human;
   methodology; middle aged; new zealand; prevalence; smoking; smoking
   cessation; statistics; systems theory

---

UT 1025
AR Kaiping M, 2009, PROC INT CONF MODEL SIMUL ICMS, V1, P412
TI Competitive diffusion process of repurchased products
AU Kaiping M; Hongwei M
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF MODEL SIMUL ICMS
PY 2009
AB this paper presents a diffusion model to explain the competitive diffusion
   of the repurchased products . a nonlinear model of the repurchased
   competitive products is proposed . by taking the frequently purchased
   products as example , the stability of the model is examined . the
   qualitative analysis result goes as follows : for the two frequently
   purchased products competing in the same market , one type of products
   occupies a fixed market share , while the other may finally be eliminated
   from the market . a special case of the problem is that both products are
   one_time_purchased . with the corresponding model given , the qualitative
   analysis shows that : either product occupies a market share , the size of
   which is determined by the product ' s competitive strength and the new
   product ' s time_to_market . a system dynamics model is then established and
   simulated by vensim . the result is consistent with that of the qualitative
   analysis .
DE competitive diffusion; repurchased products; stability analysis; system
   dynamics
ID commerce; competition; diffusion; sales; system stability; system theory;
   diffusion model; diffusion process; market share; new product; nonlinear
   model; qualitative analysis; repurchased products; stability analysis;
   system dynamics model; time-to-market; quality control

---

UT 1026
AR Asgarieh L, 2009, IET CONF PUBL, DOI 10.1049/cp.2009.0549
TI Ageing simulation model for 110-KV equipment
AU Asgarieh L; Balzer G; Gaul AJ
TC 1
SO IET CONF PUBL
PY 2009
AB this paper deals with the importance and relevance of aging models . the use
   of these models simplifies the condition control of the equipment and
   delivers information about the real and artificial age of assets . the
   second mentioned one describes devices that behave older than they really
   are . this information is important for the amortization and thus for the
   cost assessment . contingent upon the initial condition different analysis
   are possible . the used software , powersim studio , bases on system
   dynamics , which is a ' ' purpose framework for depicting and simulating
   dynamic behavior of business , economic , environment and social mechanisms
   ' ' [ 1 ] .
ID depreciation; electric power distribution; electric utilities; aging
   simulation; amortization; condition control; cost assessment; dynamic
   behaviors; initial conditions; system dynamics; simulators

---

UT 1027
AR Kwon KJ, 2006, STUD HEAL TECHNOL INFORMATICS, V122, P795
TI The reasonable legal nursing manpower-staffing by using the system dynamics
   approach
AU Kwon KJ; Kim MS; Kim JA
TC 0
SO STUD HEAL TECHNOL INFORMATICS
PY 2006
AB the purpose of the study is to lay foundation for reasonable legal nursing
   manpower staffing by building the nursing manpower_staffing model . the
   system dynamics approach was adapted to build a simulation model . the model
   was built up on vensim 5.0b dss . in terms of economic efficiency on
   tertiary hospitals , the ratio of bed to nurse for the best reasonable legal
   nursing manpower_staffing is 3.0 : 1 ( 2.6:1 if calculating in terms of the
   ratio of patient to nurse ) in terms of economic efficiency on secondary
   hospitals , the ratio of bed to nurse for the best reasonable legal nursing
   manpower_staffing is 3.5 : 1 ( 3.0:1 if calculating in terms of the ratio of
   patient to nurse ) . 2006 the authors and ios press . all rights reserved .
DE legal nursing manpower; system dynamics
ID efficiency organizational; korea; models organizational; nursing staff
   hospital; personnel staffing and scheduling; efficiency; hospitals;
   personnel selection; system theory; economic efficiency; legal nursing
   manpower; simulation model; system dynamics; system dynamics approach;
   article; korea; legal aspect; nonbiological model; nursing staff;
   organization and management; personnel management; nursing

---

UT 1028
AR Slišković M, 2008, IMETI - INT MULTI-CONF ENG TECHNOL INNOV PROC, V2, P69
TI System dynamics computer models of hydrometeorological continuous processes
AU Slišković M; Trošić Z; Tomašević M
TC 0
SO IMETI - INT MULTI-CONF ENG TECHNOL INNOV PROC
PY 2008
AB as far as we know there are relatively few examples of application of the
   system dynamics modeling in the hydrometeorological processes science and
   practice area . the implication of the system dynamics in this science ' s
   area gives new a knowledge to us about the behavior of hydrometeorological
   systems or processes to continue time area . the authors of this paper
   suggest the generating some software ' s continuous models of the
   hydrometeorological processes : 1. wind , 2. precipitation , 3. sea currents
   , e . t . c . , in the continuing form . the system dynamics modeling of
   generating wind , precipitation , sea currents e . t . . c . , will be
   executed on the two universal software ' s simulation generators : l .
   statistic_empiric_stohastic simulation model ( model of i generation ) , and
   2. system dynamics cyclic simulation model ( model of ii generation ) . in
   this paper it will be executed to researching of the objective validity of
   both models and theirs ' ' computer designed ' ' with the help heuristic ' s
   optimization ' ' , and theirs modeling will be executed on digital computer
   using dynamo and powersim higher program languages also . the suggested
   models of generating hydrometeorological processes will be used for modeling
   the subproject : ' ' the ecological submodel of the ' ' kastela bay ' ' '' .
   copyright 2008 by the international institute of informatics and systemics .
DE computer models; heuristic optimization; hydrometeorological processes;
   multiple tests for validation; system dynamics
ID computer software; digital computers; heuristic programming; optimization;
   system theory; computer models; continuous models; continuous process;
   heuristic optimization; multiple test; simulation model; system dynamics;
   system dynamics modeling; computer simulation

---

UT 1029
AR Eberlein RL, 1992, EUR J OPER RES, V59, P216, DOI
   10.1016/0377-2217(92)90018-5
TI Understanding models with Vensim™
AU Eberlein RL; Peterson DW
TC 128
SO EUR J OPER RES
PY 1992
AB vensimtm , the ventana simulation environment , is an interactive software
   environment that allows the development , exploration , analysis and
   optimization of simulation models . it was created to increase the
   capabilities and productivity of skilled modelers and has functionality that
   improves the quality and understanding of models . though vensim was not
   originally intended as a teaching tool , it has proved to be fun and useful
   for novices . focusing on the ability to impart understanding , development
   is now underway to support implementation as a learning environment . 1992 .
DE simulation; system dynamics
ID computer graphicsinteractive; computer software; computer systems
   digitalinteractive operation; learning systems; systems analysiscomputer
   applications; system dynamics; computer simulation

---

UT 1030
AR Sliskovic M, 2007, ESM - EUR SIMUL MODEL CONF MODEL SIMUL, P37
TI Application of system dynamics methodology for determination of sustainable
   sardine catch in eastern Adriatic
AU Sliskovic M; Munitic A; Jelic-Mrcelic G
TC 0
SO ESM - EUR SIMUL MODEL CONF MODEL SIMUL
PY 2007
AB qualitative and quantitative models of adriatic sea sardine population are
   made by using biological data available from literature . schaefer
   production model for sardine population is made by the system dynamics
   methodology . several simulation scenarios are made in powersim and dynamo
   program package , in order to determinate optimal sardine catch . models
   developed in this paper shows that high catchability coefficient values do
   not provoke high catch , but low values of catchability coefficient because
   high values of biomass . it is strongly recommended not to assume
   catchability coefficient as a constant but to take into account that
   catchability increases constantly every year .
DE decision making; dynamic modeling combined simulation; natural resources;
   system dynamics
ID modal analysis; natural resources; population statistics; software packages;
   adriatic sea; biological data; coefficient values; combined simulation;
   production modeling; program packages; quantitative models; system dynamics;
   system theory

---

UT 1031
AR Georgantzas NC, 2007, RESOUR MANAG J, V20, P90, DOI 10.4018/irmj.2007040106
TI Disruptive innovation strategy effects on hard-disk maker population: A
   system dynamics study
AU Georgantzas NC; Katsamakas E
TC 8
SO RESOUR MANAG J
PY 2007
AB to encourage premium_quality information systems ( is ) research in areas
   where ynamic complexity rules , this article combines disruptive innovation
   strategy ( dis ) theory with the system dynamics ( sd ) modeling method . it
   presents a computer simulation model of the hard_disk ( hd ) maker
   population overshoot and collapse dynamics . data from the hd maker industry
   help calibrate the parameters of the sd model and replicate the hd makers '
   overshoot and collapse dynamics , which dis allegedly caused from 1973
   through 1993 . sd model analysis entails articulating exactly how the
   structure of feedback relations among variables in a system determines its
   performance through time . the analysis of the hd maker population model
   shows that , over five distinct time phases , four different feedback loops
   might have been most prominent in generating the hd maker population
   dynamics . the article shows the benefits of using sd modeling software ,
   such as ithink , and sd model analysis software , such as digest . the
   latter helps detect exactly how changes in loop polarity and prominence
   determine system performance through time . strategic scenarios computed
   with the model also show the relevance of using sd for is research and
   practice . 2007 , idea group inc .
DE complex systems; disruptive innovation; feedback loops; innovation
   diffusion; it industry; system dynamics; technology adoption
ID feedback; large scale systems; system theory; disruptive innovations;
   feedback loop; innovation diffusion; it industry; system dynamics;
   technology adoption; innovation

---

UT 1032
AR Dan Y, 2009, SYST CHANG ERA THEORY PR - PROC INT CONF INFORMATICS SEMIOT
   ORGAN ICISO, P509
TI The simulation model of E-government performance on the basis of system
   dynamics
AU Dan Y
TC 0
SO SYST CHANG ERA THEORY PR - PROC INT CONF INFORMATICS SEMIOT ORGAN ICISO
PY 2009
AB it is necessary to evaluate the e_government performance with the
   development of e_government . the paper expatiates on the feasibility of
   modeling on the basis of system dynamics in e_government . it designs the
   simulation model of e_government performance with software vensim based on
   system dynamics . the process of e_government performance is presented by
   three simulation phrases which are preparation , analysis and computation .
   the information system investment , urban competitiveness , and the netizen
   are the typical factors of e_government . it gives quantitative analysis of
   effect of such factors for e_government . the applications strategy of
   e_government is presented .
DE e-government; modeling; performance; simulation; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; information science; information systems; models;
   semiotics; system theory; e-government; netizen; performance; simulation;
   simulation model; system dynamics; urban competitiveness; government data
   processing

---

UT 1033
AR Fiorello D, 2010, SYST DYN REV, V26, P283, DOI 10.1002/sdr.452
TI The astra model for strategic assessment of transport policies
AU Fiorello D; Fermi F; Bielanska D
TC 50
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 2010
AB astra is a system dynamics model for the strategic assessment of policy
   scenarios at the european level . over recent years , astra has been
   extensively used in many european research projects , sometimes in linkage
   with other strategic tools , to provide simulations of scenarios concerning
   energy scarcity , high oil prices , technological investments in the
   transport sector and application of measures included in european transport
   policy . astra is built in vensim and consists of nine interlinked modules .
   with respect to a traditional transport model , astra is less detailed in
   geographical terms , but simulates the linkages between transport demand ,
   the economy , the vehicle fleet and environmental effects , thus allowing an
   integrated multidimensional assessment of alternative scenarios . 2010 john
   wiley and sons , ltd .
ID europe; demand analysis; development project; economic analysis; policy
   analysis; strategic approach; transportation policy

---

UT 1034
AR Wu R, 2009, AGROFOR SYST, V77, P123, DOI 10.1007/s10457-009-9231-0
TI A dynamic simulation study of the impacts of enhanced UV-B radiation on
   winter wheat photosynthetic production and dry matter accumulation
AU Wu R; Zheng Y/3; Liu J/8
TC 4
SO AGROFOR SYST
PY 2009
AB by using the system_dynamic software package stella , a simulative study was
   conducted on the photosynthetic productivity and change of the accumulated
   dry matter of wheat population , related to enhanced uv_b radiation that
   influences photosynthesis . the effects of daily temperature and crop
   physiological age on the photosynthesis rate were considered comprehensively
   . statistical analysis was undertaken to assess the fitness between
   simulations and observations of accumulated dry matter by means of
   root_mean_square error and relative error . results show that there is no
   significant difference between simulations and observations , indicating
   that the stella software is effective in imitating the growth . this
   software provides a new approach in establishing a simulative model for crop
   growth under the conditions of various climate and environment . springer
   science+business media b.v.  2009 .
DE matter accumulation; photosynthesis; respiration; system dynamics;
   ultraviolet radiation
ID triticum aestivum

---

UT 1035
AR Cavana RY, 2008, INT SOC SYST SCI - ANNU CONF INT SOC SYST SCI, V2, P918
TI Integrated system dynamics: Analysis of policy options for tobacco control
   in New Zealand
AU Cavana RY; Tobias M
TC 0
SO INT SOC SYST SCI - ANNU CONF INT SOC SYST SCI
PY 2008
AB this paper provides an overview of the system dynamics model that has been
   developed to assist the ministry of health to evaluate the dynamic
   consequences of tobacco control policies in new zealand . the model consists
   of 4 sectors : population . smoking prevalences . second hand smoke . and
   tobacco attributable deaths . the model is simulated for 20_30 years into
   the future . the simulation package used is ' ithink ' , and a user
   interface is presented for policy analysis . a range of illustrative
   scenarios are provided , including : business as usual . fiscal strategies
   involving less affordable cigarettes . harm minimisation strategies
   involving either less addictive cigarettes or less toxic cigarettes . and
   combinations of the above policies . the main output variables ( performance
   measures ) include current smoking prevalence , tobacco consumption , and
   tobacco attributable mortality . finally areas for future model enhancement
   are identified .
DE dynamic simulation; new zealand ministry of health; system dynamics; tobacco
   control policies; tobacco policy model
ID computer simulation; system theory; user interfaces; business-as-usual;
   future models; integrated systems; new zealand; output variables;
   performance measure; policy analysis; policy model; policy options; second
   hand smokes; simulation packages; system dynamics; system dynamics model;
   tobacco consumption; tobacco control; tobacco

---

UT 1036
AR Bjornsson HC, 2000, COMPUT CIV BUILD ENG, V1, P702
TI A decision support system for road maintenance budget allocation
AU Bjornsson HC; De La Garza JM; Nasir MJ
TC 5
SO COMPUT CIV BUILD ENG
PY 2000
AB the road transport system is a large and complex system and the allocation
   of resources to different maintenance activities requires an effective
   maintenance strategy based on a long_term perspective . this paper presents
   a simulation model based on system dynamics methodology that can be used as
   a decision support system to effectively allocate road maintenance funds .
   the system dynamics model is constructed in the powersim modeling
   environment and it consists of four main module or sub_systems : 1 )
   financial sub_system , 2 ) physical sub_system , 3 ) functional sub_system ,
   and 4 ) evaluation sub_system . the model has been tested for several
   different maintenance policies . the behavior of the system was studied for
   several combinations of budget allocation that were used in the simulation
   experiments .
ID budget control; computer simulation; cost effectiveness; decision support
   systems; finance; maintenance; public policy; resource allocation;
   transportation; powerism modeling environment; resurfacing; road maintenance
   budget allocation; system dynamics methodology; road construction

---

UT 1037
AR Wang Q/1, 2009, INT CONF SCI ENG ICISE, P4750, DOI 10.1109/ICISE.2009.310
TI Analysis of relations between regional logistics and regional economy based
   on system dynamics
AU Wang Q/1; Zhang X/4; Ji M
TC 1
SO INT CONF SCI ENG ICISE
PY 2009
AB this essay establishes the dynamics model about the regional logistics and
   regional economy from the point of view of system dynamics , according to
   the characteristics of the regional logistics and regional economy . then
   simulate on the vensim software and obtain the simulation result . through
   analysis of the results of simulation , the relations of the regional
   logistics and the regional economy are explored further . 2009 ieee .
DE regional economy; regional logistics; system dynamics
ID computer software; information science; system theory; dynamics models;
   regional economy; regional logistics; regional logistics system; simulation
   result; system dynamics; logistics

---

UT 1038
AR Fett MJ, 2001, J MED SCREEN, V8, P39, DOI 10.1136/jms.8.1.39
TI Computer modelling of the Swedish two county trial of mammographic screening
   and trade offs between participation and screening interval
AU Fett MJ
TC 12
SO J MED SCREEN
PY 2001
AB objectives_a computerized model of the swedish two county trial of
   mammographic screening was built to explore the applicability of
   deterministic group modeling for health policy analysis and to examine trade
   offs between screening interval and population coverage on breast cancer
   mortality . methods_powersim system dynamics modeling software running on a
   pc was used . model inputs were published data on the populations and
   screening regimens used in the trial , a swedish female population life
   table , incidence of breast cancer in sweden , 95 % confidence intervals (
   95 % cis ) for mean sojourn time and screening sensitivity , and survival
   after diagnosis . results_the model ' s output_cumulative mortality from
   breast cancer_agreed closely with trial results . this was robust to
   uncertainties in key input variables . furthermore , with hypothetical
   screening regimes that had a fixed total number of mammograms over a fixed
   period a positive association was found between more even distribution of
   mammograms among a population and reduction in breast cancer mortality . for
   example , screening 50 % of a hypothetical population annually produced a 33
   % reduction in breast cancer mortality , whereas screening 100 % of the
   population every 2 years produced a 48 % reduction .
   conclusions_deterministic group simulation modeling can be used to build
   reliable , evidence based quantitative models for policy analysis . this
   opens health policy simulation modeling to epidemiological researchers and
   will assist them in identifying important information needs_such as breast
   cancer survival according to sojourn time ( the time between cancer being
   detectable by screening and becoming symptomatic ) . scenarios examining
   reductions in mortality for a given number of mammograms showed that the
   more equitable the distribution of screening mammograms , the greater the
   reduction in deaths from breast cancer .
DE breast cancer screening; computer modeling; mammography
ID adult; aged; breast neoplasms; computer simulation; female; health policy;
   humans; mammography; mass screening; middle aged; patient participation;
   sweden; time factors; adult; aged; article; breast cancer; cancer mortality;
   cancer screening; cancer survival; computer model; epidemiological data;
   female; health care delivery; health care policy; health care utilization;
   human; mammography; patient compliance; simulation; sweden

---

UT 1039
AR Asgarieh L, 2010, PROC MEDITERR ELECTROTECH CONF MELECON, P1429, DOI
   10.1109/MELCON.2010.5476035
TI Impact of altered maintenance cycles on OPEX regarding HV equipment
AU Asgarieh L; Balzer G; Gaul AJ
TC 1
SO PROC MEDITERR ELECTROTECH CONF MELECON
PY 2010
AB nowadays the optimized use of financial resources plays a central role in
   all areas and hence also in electric power companies . consequential the
   utilities are anxious to keep the level of the operational expenditures (
   opex ) as low as possible . the determination of the capital and operational
   expenditures ( capex and opex ) will be done with the aid of an evaluated
   aging model for 110_kv circuit_breakers . the aging model was implemented
   with the simulation software powersim studio which is based on system
   dynamics . in this paper the influence of changed overhaul cycles and
   failure rates on opex will be investigated in order to find an optimum
   relation between these two parameters . 2010 ieee .
ID computer software; electric utilities; capex and opex; circuit-breakers;
   electric power company; failure rate; financial resources; hv equipment;
   maintenance cycles; operational expenditures; optimized use; simulation
   software; system dynamics; two parameter; computer simulation

---

UT 1040
AR Norang A, 2010, INT CONF LOGIST SYST INTELL MANAG ICLSIM, V3, P1481, DOI
   10.1109/ICLSIM.2010.5461214
TI Supply chain analysis model based on system dynamics approach: A case of
   Iranian bicycle manufacturer
AU Norang A; Eghbali MA; Hajian A
TC 7
SO INT CONF LOGIST SYST INTELL MANAG ICLSIM
PY 2010
AB increasing competition in international marketplaces is motivating companies
   to creating value to their customers . the main objective for the case
   company is to lucrative attendance in the markets of asia and south america
   but at the same time there are many challenges to face . one of these
   challenges that the case company faces is to balance the variable demand
   with an inflexible supply . this paper present several factors that affect
   the design of supply chain under study and then proposes a modeling
   framework that is used to simulate the operation of this supply chain . the
   modeling framework presented in this paper is based on system dynamics
   approach and its effort has focused on describing the different options for
   an appropriate supply chain . the modeling and simulations are done with the
   system dynamics software vensim that provides a graphical interface to
   present the causal relationships between variables . 2010 ieee .
DE simulation; supply chain management; system dynamics model
ID competition; computer simulation; logistics; supply chains; system theory;
   causal relationships; graphical interface; international marketplace;
   modeling and simulation; modeling frameworks; south america; supply chain
   analysis; supply chain management system; system dynamics; system dynamics
   approach; variable demands; supply chain management

---

UT 1041
AR Fan J, 2009, LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG, V4
   LNICST, P628, DOI 10.1007/978-3-642-02466-5_61
TI The system dynamics research on the private cars' amount in Beijing
AU Fan J; Yan G-L
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG
PY 2009
AB the thesis analyzes the development problem of private cars ' amount in
   beijing from the perspective of system dynamics . with the flow chart
   illustrating the relationships of relevant elements , the sd model is
   established by vensim to simulate the growth trend of private autos ' amount
   in the future on the background of ' ' public transportation first ' '
   policy based on the original data in beijing . then the article discusses
   the forecasting impacts of ' ' single_and_double license plate number limit
   ' ' on the number of city vehicles and private cars under the assumption
   that this policy implemented for long after the 2008 olympic games . finally
   , some recommendations are put forward for proper control over this problem
   . 2009 icst institute for computer sciences , social informatics and
   telecommunications engineering .
DE policy simulation and control; private cars amount in beijing; social
   economic modeling; system dynamics
ID system theory; development problems; flow charts; growth trends; olympic
   games; policy simulation and control; private cars; public transportation;
   social economic modeling; system dynamics; license plates ( automobile )

---

UT 1042
AR Dvornik J/1, 2007, WMSCI - WORLD MULTI-CONF SYST CYBERN INFORMATICS JOINTLY
   INT CONF SYST ANAL SYNTH ISAS - PROC, V2, P25
TI System dynamics simulation model of the ship steam boiler
AU Dvornik J/1; Dvornik S; Tireli E
TC 4
SO WMSCI - WORLD MULTI-CONF SYST CYBERN INFORMATICS JOINTLY INT CONF SYST ANAL
   SYNTH ISAS - PROC
PY 2007
AB the aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamic simulation modeling ( system dynamics modeling_forrester/ [ l ] ) at
   investigating performance dynamics of the marine steam boiler . marine steam
   boiler is a complex non_linear system which needs to be systematically
   investigated as a unit consisting of a number of subsystems and elements ,
   which are linked by because_effect ( upv ) feedback loops ( kpd ) , both
   within the system and with the relevant surrounding . in this paper the
   authors will present the efficient application of scientific methods for the
   research of complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative
   simulation system dynamics methodology , which will allow for production and
   use of higher number and kinds of simulation models of the observed elements
   , and finally allow for the continuous computer simulation , which will
   significantly contribute to acquisition of new information about the
   non_linear character of performance dynamics of marine steam boilers in the
   process of designing and education . marine steam boiler will be presented
   in powersim simulation language in mental_verbal , structural and
   mathematical computer models .
DE continuous and discrete simulation; marine steam boiler; simulation
   modeling; system dynamics
ID boilers; cybernetics; information science; information systems; management
   information systems; marine boilers; system theory; systems analysis; cause-
   effect; complex dynamic systems; computer models; continuous and discrete
   simulation; feedback loop; marine steam boiler; performance dynamics;
   quantitative simulation; scientific method; steam boiler; system dynamics;
   system dynamics simulation; computer simulation

---

UT 1043
AR Briano E, 2010, PROC IASTED INT CONF MODEL IDENT CONTROL, P62, DOI
   10.2316/p.2010.675-056
TI Design and simulation of a short life-cycle product supply chain: A system
   dynamics approach
AU Briano E; Caballini C; Giribone P; Revetria R
TC 1
SO PROC IASTED INT CONF MODEL IDENT CONTROL
PY 2010
AB this paper regards the study of a supply chain for products characterized by
   a short life cycle , meaning with that a particular type of good that is
   produced and sold only for a limited period of time , such as fashion goods
   , health care services , electronic products or some foodstuffs . the real
   case study regarding a particular product of an important italian food
   company producing snacks , biscuits and bread substitutes has been analyzed
   . temporarily data in the model are by now assumed by the authors because of
   delays on their provision , but in the extended version of this paper the
   real company data , properly modified for reason of confidentiality , will
   be utilized . more in particular a simulation model , implemented according
   to the system dynamics approach , has been developed and shown . this kind
   of methodology is particularly useful to study the behavior of complex
   dynamics systems , such as the case object of this work . moreover it makes
   able to consider time delays and feedback loops , which dramatically
   influence the structure and the relative behavior of the system . powersim
   studio software , thanks to its flexibility and completeness , has been
   chosen among all the available computer simulation softwares for system
   dynamics . by simulating the model it has been possible to highlight the
   most critical issues along the supply chain to focus on , with the final
   goal of minimizing costs and maximizing the company profit . besides , ' '
   what_if ' ' analysis carried out on the model have shown which is the best
   policy to adopt in terms _for instance_of safety stock to hold or demand
   planning methodology to adopt . further studies will be dedicated to make
   these kind of supply chain more resilient or , in other words , less
   vulnerable toward unexpected and damaging events .
DE modeling; powersim studio; short life cycle products; simulation; supply
   chain management; system dynamics

---

UT 1044
AR Voinov AA, 2008, ENCYCL ECOL FIVE-VOLUME SET, V1-5, P731, DOI
   10.1016/B978-008045405-4.00178-6
TI Conceptual Diagrams and Flow Diagrams
AU Voinov AA
TC 5
SO ENCYCL ECOL FIVE-VOLUME SET
PY 2008
AB diagrams are probably the next most widely used type of models after mental
   and verbal models . intuitively when presenting a model we tend to start
   drawing diagrams to explain the assumptions and simplifications made . with
   the advent of new software tools , it becomes easier to use the computer to
   design these conceptual diagrams , especially since these software packages
   in many cases can convert the diagrams into computer code and generate
   numerical models for further analysis . most of the system dynamics software
   ( such as stella , madonna , powersim , simile , and others ) can be readily
   used to put together conceptual models and flow diagrams . more advanced
   tools are based on the unified modeling language ( uml ) approach and can
   generate computer code in java , php , c++ , python , and other languages .
   2008 elsevier b.v . all rights reserved .
DE conceptual models; forrester; madonna; odum; ontologies; owl; simile;
   stella; uml

---

UT 1045
AR Georgantzas NC, 2008, BEST PRACT CONCEPT INNOV RESOUR MANAG UTIL TECHNOL
   GLOB PROG, P231, DOI 10.4018/978-1-60566-128-5.ch013
TI Information Technology Industry Dynamics: Impact of Disruptive Innovation
   Strategy
AU Georgantzas NC; Katsamakas E
TC 1
SO BEST PRACT CONCEPT INNOV RESOUR MANAG UTIL TECHNOL GLOB PROG
PY 2008
AB this chapter combines disruptive innovation strategy ( dis ) theory with the
   system dynamics ( sd ) modeling method . it presents a simulation model of
   the hard_disk ( hd ) maker population overshoot and collapse dynamics ,
   showing that dis can crucially affect the dynamics of the it industry . data
   from the hd maker industry help calibrate the parameters of the sd model and
   replicate the hd makers ' overshoot and collapse dynamics , which dis
   allegedly caused from 1973 through 1993 . sd model analysis entails
   articulating exactly how the structure of feedback relations among variables
   in a system determines its performance through time . the hd maker
   population model analysis shows that , over five distinct time phases , four
   different feedback loops might have been most prominent in generating the hd
   maker population dynamics . the chapter shows the benefits of using sd
   modeling software , such as ithink , and sd model analysis software , such
   as digest . the latter helps detect exactly how changes in loop polarity and
   prominence determine system performance through time . strategic scenarios
   computed with the model also show the relevance of using sd for information
   system management and research in areas where dynamic complexity rules .
   2009 by igi global . all rights reserved .
ID computer software; dynamics; feedback; information management; disruptive
   innovations; dynamic impacts; dynamic model analysis; hard disk; industry
   dynamics; information technology industry; innovation strategy; model
   method; simulation model; system dynamics modeling; information use

---

UT 1046
AR Bauer C, 2006, INT J SIMUL SYST SCI TECHNOL, V7, P22
TI Enhancing system dynamics modeling using a Component-Based approach
AU Bauer C; Bodendorf F
TC 0
SO INT J SIMUL SYST SCI TECHNOL
PY 2006
AB an approach using component technology for the development of system
   dynamics models is introduced . at first a brief introduction of system
   dynamics , its modeling perspective and its modeling elements is given . the
   representation of system dynamics models in vensim , an interactive software
   environment for the handling of such models , is described . on this basis
   the paper provides an approach for component development and model
   composition . the approach builds upon a conceptual framework that is basic
   and independent from any problem or domain specific context . an example
   depicts the appliance of the approach to a given problem domain and explains
   the usage of domain specific model design patterns and components . finally
   a prototype system to support component_based modeling is described and the
   advantages that component technology brings to system dynamics modeling are
   pointed out . 2013 , uk simulation society . all rights reserved .
DE conceptual framework; model components; model composition; software tool;
   system dynamics
ID computer aided software engineering; component-based approach; component-
   based modeling; conceptual frameworks; domain specific modeling;
   introduction of systems; model components; model composition; system
   dynamics; system theory

---

UT 1047
AR Shen LY, 2005, J ZHEJIANG UNIV SCI, V6 A, P339, DOI 10.1631/jzus.2005.A0339
TI Application of system dynamics for assessment of sustainable performance of
   construction projects
AU Shen LY; Wu YZ; Chan EHW; Hao JL
TC 90
SO J ZHEJIANG UNIV SCI
PY 2005
AB sustainable performance is expected to become a major factor when examining
   the feasibility of a construction project in terms of its life cycle
   performance . the study on which this paper is based developed a simulation
   model , using system dynamics methodology , to assess the sustainable
   performance of projects . three major factors are used to examine project
   sustainable performance ( psp ) : the sustainability of economic development
   ( e ) , the sustainability of social development ( s ) , and the
   sustainability of environmental development ( en ) . sustainable development
   ability ( sda ) was used as a prototype to evaluate the degree of
   sustainable performance . the simulation software ithink was used to help
   with the application of the model to a real life case . this paper explains
   and demonstrates the procedures used to develop the model and finally offers
   an approach for assessing the feasibility of a construction project in terms
   of its sustainable performance .
DE construction project; project life cycle; project sustainable performance (
   psp ); simulation; sustainable development ability ( sda ); system dynamics
ID computer simulation; economic and social effects; life cycle; mathematical
   models; software prototyping; construction project; project life cycle;
   project sustainable performance; simulation software ithink; social
   development; sustainable development ability; system dynamics; sustainable
   development

---

UT 1048
AR Hoyte SM, 2003, ACTA HORTIC, V610, P415, DOI 10.17660/ActaHortic.2003.610.55
TI Modelling of sclerotinia disease in New Zealand Kiwifruit (Actinidia
   deliciosa)
AU Hoyte SM; Long P; Beresford RM
TC 0
SO ACTA HORTIC
PY 2003
AB sclerotinia sclerotiorum ( lib . ) de bary causes up to 17 % crop loss in
   new zealand kiwifruit [ actinidia deliciosa ( a . chev . ) ] . although
   growers use fungicides for disease control , cost_effective disease
   management decisions require a reliable measure of disease potential within
   an orchard . a systems dynamics approach was used to model sclerotinia
   disease development using ithinktm software . the model ' s construction was
   based on interactions between the pathogens life cycle , crop phenology and
   the environment . a positive relationship between apothecial density and
   disease incidence was used , with a series of biological clocks and
   environmental thresholds , to predict disease potential at the end of
   flowering . crop loss was predicted from flowering to mid_season in response
   to daily rainfall exceeding thresholds . simulations were performed using
   five years climate data from te puke research orchard , standard mean daily
   temperature and rainfall thresholds of 15c and 10 mm day _1 and an
   apothecial density of 1.0 m_2 . the responsiveness of simulated disease
   potential and crop loss , to changes in apothecial density and environmental
   thresholds , ranged from _54 % to +100 % , relative to the standard inputs .
   changing the date of bud_burst by 7 days affected these outputs by _56 % to
   +61 % , depending on the season and region . the model produces stable and
   realistic outputs under conditions typical of new zealand kiwifruit
   vineyards , although validation with independent experimental data is
   required . the systems dynamics approach has provided a platform that
   readily incorporates phenological and environmental interactions into a
   framework of the pathogens life cycle over a multi_year timeframe .
   alterations to the model can be made to incorporate new relevant
   experimental data and new components , including other kiwifruit models .
   this model could also be revised to describe other pathosystems , through
   simple modifications and replacement of key epidemiological equations within
   the model . specific uses of this model include : interactive research
   planning tools and decision support for packhouses and growers . ishs .
DE apothecial density; crop loss; phenology; potential disease; simulation;
   systems analysis

---

UT 1049
AR Chen H/1, 2010, NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V26, P21, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1002-6819.2010.10.004
TI Soil water balance model in root zone of winter wheat based on system
   dynamics
AU Chen H/1; Huang J; Wu J; Yang J/1
TC 4
SO NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2010
AB a system dynamics_based one_dimensional soil water balance model ( sd_wbm )
   was developed to estimate water budget in root zone of winter wheat on daily
   basis with vensim software . it was assumed that the 2m_soil was comprised
   of 10 series_wound soil reservoirs . the physical processes , such as
   infiltration , soil evaporation , plant root water uptake , capillary rise
   and water redistribution between two adjacent soil reservoirs , were
   calculated in the model . for validation and calibration , field experiments
   of winter wheat were conducted in shijing irrigation scheme in hebei
   province during 2007_2009 , and model_calculated soil water content of 10
   soil_depth intervals from 0 to 200 cm were compared with measured water
   content . the results showed that mean residual ratio ( mrr ) and
   distribution root mean square ratio ( drmsr ) were all less than 15 % in the
   validation and calibration . furthermore , assumptions in sd_wbm were proved
   to be reasonable , with no structural error occurring through tests under
   three kinds of extreme condition , such as sensitive tests of six kinds of
   parameters as well as comparisons with hydrus_1d model . simulating results
   of soil water budget during growing season of winter wheat indicated that
   precipitation and irrigation were dominant water supply with little
   capillary rise and large amount of percolation . and water storage changes
   little in the harvest day compared to that in the sowing day .
DE soil; soil water balance in root zone; system dynamics; water; winter wheat
ID budget control; calibration; climate models; irrigation; reservoirs ( water
   ); soil moisture; solvents; system theory; underwater soils; water content;
   water supply; capillary rise; extreme conditions; field experiment; growing
   season; hebei province; hydrus-1d; irrigation schemes; physical process;
   plant roots; residual ratios; root mean square; root zone; soil water; soil
   water balance; soil water balance model; soil water content; structural
   errors; system dynamics; water budget; water redistribution; water storage;
   winter wheat; geologic models

---

UT 1050
AR Kozikoğlu N, 2009, PROC INT CONF EDUC RES COMPUT AIDED ARCH DES EUR, P533
TI Collective Design Network: Systems Thinking (Event-Pattern-Structures) and
   System Dynamics Modelling as a Design Concept and Strategy
AU Kozikoğlu N; Erdoğan M; Nircan AK; Akipek FÖ
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF EDUC RES COMPUT AIDED ARCH DES EUR
PY 2009
AB this paper will relay the initial phase of a collaborative work within
   partners from the design discipline , systems engineering , and software
   engineering which deals with the interrelations of network idea , systems
   thinking , collective design , and computation . vensim a system dynamics
   modeling tool developed by ventana systems , inc . in 1992 has been used in
   an experimental first year design studio to engage students in systems
   thinking in the architectural design environment . it has been observed that
   this tool enabled most students to develop a multi_layered , complex and
   more controlled design logic and to amplify the cognitive processes at the
   beginning of the design education . we conclude that in order to fully
   realize systems thinking in the design process , new ways of integrating
   parametric design environments and system dynamic modeling environments
   needs to be investigated . 2004 , education and research in computer aided
   architectural design in europe . all rights reserved .
DE collectivity; design network; dynamic pattern; integration; system dynamics

---

UT 1051
AR Elshorbagy A, 2007, HYDROL SCI J, V52, P538, DOI 10.1623/hysj.52.3.538
TI Simulation of the hydrological processes on reconstructed watersheds using
   system dynamics
AU Elshorbagy A; Jutla A; Kells J
TC 36
SO HYDROL SCI J
PY 2007
AB reconstruction of disturbed watersheds is a common practice by the oil sands
   industry in northern alberta , canada . the reconstruction and restoration
   of the watershed hydrology are required as part of the reclamation mandated
   by alberta environment for mine closure . assessment of the hydrological
   performance of the reconstructed watersheds is essential to ensure a
   sustainable reclamation strategy . a conceptual lumped system dynamics
   watershed ( sdw ) model is developed and calibrated in this study . the
   model , built within an object_based simulation environment , is capable of
   simulating the various hydrological processes in the reconstructed
   watersheds with good accuracy . stella software is used as an object_based
   simulation environment that allows visual computations . the sdw model
   developed combines both physically_based and empirical formulations to
   replicate the hydrological system mathematically . the system dynamics
   approach along with the visual simulation environment help in developing a
   simulation_for_learning model , not only simulation for prediction . the
   model is successfully calibrated and validated . the results show that the
   sdw model is capable of simulating the various hydrological processes ( soil
   moisture , evapotranspiration and runoff ) with good accuracy . the sdw
   model can help in the assessment of the short_and long_term performances of
   the reconstructed watersheds , thus providing a useful decision_aid tool for
   the mining industry . copyright 2007 iahs press .
DE reconstructed watersheds; system dynamics; watershed modeling
ID alberta; canada; north america; computer simulation; evapotranspiration;
   hydrology; mathematical models; reconstruction ( structural ); restoration;
   runoff; computer simulation; hydrological modeling; watershed; reconstructed
   watersheds; system dynamics watershed ( sdw ); watershed modeling;
   watersheds

---

UT 1052
AR Ye G, 2010, INT CONF BIOINFORM BIOMED ENG ICBBE, DOI
   10.1109/ICBBE.2010.5517850
TI Estimating the generation of construction and demolition waste by using
   system dynamics: A proposed model
AU Ye G; Yuan H/1; Wang H/6
TC 17
SO INT CONF BIOINFORM BIOMED ENG ICBBE
PY 2010
AB during the past decades , construction and demolition ( c and d ) waste has
   received increasing attention from construction practitioners and
   researchers around the world . a plethora of research has been published in
   various academic journals . these studies have investigated a wide range of
   topics under the umbrella of c and d waste management , of which
   investigation into the generation of c and d waste in various economies is
   an obvious component , as estimating the generation of future c and d waste
   is of major importance for decision making and planning . however , a
   question that arises here is : how can we forecast the development of a
   dynamic and complex waste management system ? up_to_date research shows that
   previous studies regarding c and d waste have been mainly separately
   concentrating their work on measuring c and d waste through various methods
   , including direct observation , comparing contractors ' records , sorting
   and weighting the waste materials on site , consultation with construction
   company employees , and truck load records , but without incorporating the
   inter_related factors involved in the waste management process . by
   acknowledging their contributions to providing information for understanding
   different c and d waste management practices , there is apparently a general
   lack of approaches that enables us to holistically consider the
   inter_relations and interdependences of factors within the c and d waste
   management process . bearing this in mind , this research proposes a model
   that is based on system dynamics approach to serve as a decision support
   tool for estimating the c and d waste generation . the dynamic model
   integrates all vital factors that affect and are affected by c and d waste
   generation . the software ' ithink ' is used to help with the depiction of
   the model . the aim of the research presented here is twofold : first , to
   incorporate the nature of dynamics into the modeling process which are not
   easily measureable , but are vital to descriptions of c and d waste
   management . second , based on the proposed model , c and d waste management
   strategies could be analyzed under different scenarios , thus the best
   strategies can be identified for long_range planning . 2010 ieee .
DE construction and demolition waste; system dynamics; waste generation; waste
   management
ID automobile exhibitions; bioinformatics; construction industry; decision
   making; decision support systems; demolition; electric load forecasting;
   estimation; planning; research; solid wastes; system theory; academic
   journal; best strategy; construction and demolition; construction and
   demolition waste; construction companies; decision support tools; direct
   observation; long range planning; management process; management strategies;
   modeling process; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; truck load;
   waste generation; waste management practices; waste management systems;
   waste materials; waste management

---

UT 1053
AR Shahgholian K, 2009, WORLD ACAD SCI ENG TECHNOL, V59, P245
TI A dynamic model of air pollution, health, and population growth using system
   dynamics: A study on Tehran-Iran (with computer simulation by the software
   Vensim)
AU Shahgholian K; Hajihosseini H
TC 7
SO WORLD ACAD SCI ENG TECHNOL
PY 2009
AB the significance of environmental protection is wellknown in today ' s world
   . the execution of any program depends on sufficient knowledge and required
   familiarity with environment and its pollutants . taking advantage of a
   systematic method , as a new science , in environmental planning can solve
   many problems . in this article , air pollution in tehran and its
   relationship with health and population growth have been analyzed using
   dynamic systems . firstly , by using casual loops , the relationship between
   the parameters effective on air pollution in tehran were taken into
   consideration , then these casual loops were turned into flow diagrams [ 6 ]
   , and finally , they were simulated using the software vensim [ 16 ] in
   order to conclude what the effect of each parameter will be on air pollution
   in tehran in the next 10 years , how changing of one or more parameters
   influences other parameters , and which parameter among all other parameters
   requires to be controlled more .
DE air pollutions; simulation; system dynamics; tehran; vensim
ID air quality; atmospheric movements; computer simulation; dynamical systems;
   environmental protection; pollution; system theory; air pollution; casual
   loops; dynamic systems; environmental planning; flow diagram; new science;
   population growth; simulation; simulation systems; system dynamics;
   systematic method; tehran; vensim; computer software; population statistics

---

UT 1054
AR Cavana RY, 2006, SYST DYN REV, V22, P321, DOI 10.1002/sdr.347
TI Demonstrating the utility of system dynamics for public policy analysis in
   New Zealand: The case of excise tax policy on tobacco
AU Cavana RY; Clifford LV
TC 43
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 2006
AB this paper summarizes a system dynamics pilot study analyzing the
   relationship of new zealand customs service ( nzcs ) outputs to desired
   government outcomes , in relation to the collection of tobacco excise duties
   and cigarette smoking in new zealand . the study was done to demonstrate the
   utility of system dynamics in answering some questions of a type common in
   the new zealand public sector during policy development and review . group
   model_building workshops addressed the organizing question : ' ' how does
   price influence the use and consequences of tobacco in new zealand ? ' ' a
   prototype system dynamics simulation model using the ithink dynamic
   simulation software was developed , consisting of seven sectors : nzcs air
   and marine sector . duty_paid cigarette imports . duty_free cigarettes . new
   zealand tobacco manufacturing sector . nzcs duty collection ( from air
   passengers ) . new zealand tobacco products market . and a health sector .
   the model simulates values of the model variables on an annual basis from
   2000 to 2010 . policy experiments with the model include examining the
   effects of changes in excise duties . the model can be further developed to
   examine tobacco_related public policy issues in new zealand and complement
   modeling done in other countries . copyright 2006 john wiley and sons , ltd
   .
ID australasia; new zealand; nicotiana tabacum; computer simulation; policy
   analysis; policy development; tax system; tobacco

---

UT 1055
AR Wang J-Y, 2009, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V29, P173
TI Construction waste management model based on system dynamics
AU Wang J-Y; Yuan H-P
TC 17
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2009
AB based on system dynamics , the inter_relations of factors within the
   construction waste management processes were analyzed . a simulation model
   integrating four sub_systems , including construction waste generation ,
   on_site waste sorting , waste landfill and public filling , was developed .
   the model was then simulated through software ithink . the research results
   indicate that the inter_relations of factors within the system can be better
   revealed . and the method proposed can provide guides and references for
   predicting construction waste generation and making construction waste
   management plans .
DE construction waste; shenzhen; system dynamics; waste management
ID system theory; construction waste; construction wastes; management model;
   management process; public filling; research results; shenzhen; simulation
   model; sub-systems; system dynamics; waste landfill; waste sorting; waste
   management

---

UT 1056
AR Georgantzas NC, 2009, EMERG SYST APPROACHES INFO TECHNOL CONCEPTS THEOR
   APPLIC, P274, DOI 10.4018/978-1-60566-976-2.ch016
TI Information technology industry dynamics: Impact of disruptive innovation
   strategy
AU Georgantzas NC; Katsamakas E
TC 0
SO EMERG SYST APPROACHES INFO TECHNOL CONCEPTS THEOR APPLIC
PY 2009
AB this chapter combines disruptive innovation strategy ( dis ) theory with the
   system dynamics ( sd ) modeling method . it presents a simulation model of
   the hard_disk ( hd ) maker population overshoot and collapse dynamics ,
   showing that dis can crucially affect the dynamics of the it industry . data
   from the hd maker industry help calibrate the parameters of the sd model and
   replicate the hd makers ' overshoot and collapse dynamics , which dis
   allegedly caused from 1973 through 1993 . sd model analysis entails
   articulating exactly how the structure of feedback relations among variables
   in a system determines its performance through time . the hd maker
   population model analysis shows that , over five distinct time phases , four
   different feedback loops might have been most prominent in generating the hd
   maker population dynamics . the chapter shows the benefits of using sd
   modeling software , such as ithink , and sd model analysis software , such
   as digest . the latter helps detect exactly how changes in loop polarity and
   prominence determine system performance through time . strategic scenarios
   computed with the model also show the relevance of using sd for information
   system management and research in areas where dynamic complexity rules .
   2010 , igi global .

---

UT 1057
AR Kiani B, 2009, INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG, V26, P685, DOI
   10.1108/02656710910975750
TI System dynamics approach to analysing the cost factors effects on cost of
   quality
AU Kiani B; Shirouyehzad H; Bafti FK; Fouladgar H
TC 74
SO INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG
PY 2009
AB purpose_the purpose of this paper is to propose a model for analyzing the
   influence of costs of quality . design / methodology / approach_a model is
   designed by using a causal loop diagram and is analyzed through a system
   dynamics approach . the model simulation is prepared by vensim software .
   findings_prevention and appraisal costs are the two effective cost factors .
   the model represented in this paper reveals that prevention costs have the
   most effect on total cost of quality and especially external failure costs .
   hence , in order to achieve the customer expected quality level , prevention
   and appraisal costs should be considered . research limitations /
   implications_calculating and measuring non_conformance costs is very
   difficult in organizations and some errors and mistakes may happen .
   practical implications_a system dynamics approach can analyze and measure
   the amount of prevention cost effects on cost of quality in different
   organizations . originality / value_the proposed methodology demonstrates
   the use of an innovative approach in developing a cost of quality concept
   and constructing a practical framework for system dynamics in a real case .
   emerald group publishing limited .
DE business analysis; modeling; organizational processes; quality costs

---

UT 1058
AR Hoffman JL, 2009, INSTITUTIONAL ANAL PRAX SOC FABR MATRIX APPROACH, P237,
   DOI 10.1007/978-0-387-88741-8_11
TI Application of the ithink ® system dynamics software program to the social
   fabric matrix to analyze public school finance systems
AU Hoffman JL
TC 0
SO INSTITUTIONAL ANAL PRAX SOC FABR MATRIX APPROACH
PY 2009
AB state finance systems for public elementary and secondary education are a
   complex institution of court decisions and state statutes , working together
   as rules of law , agency rules and regulations , and administrative codes .
   the ithink analyst system dynamics software program and the social fabric
   matrix ( sfm ) were used for a public school finance lawsuit in the state of
   nebraska . a model of nebraska ' s education finance system , known as the
   tax equity and educational opportunities support act ( teeosa ) , is
   constructed by integrating into the sfm the system components of belief
   statements , laws , rules , regulations , public finance data , and annual
   financial reports of public school districts , student enrollment data , and
   public organizations in an excel spreadsheet . digraphs are created using
   ithink analyst system dynamics program to show the flows and deliveries
   between and within the parts of the nebraska education finance system . this
   analysis is useful in policy evaluation and development , law and rule
   making , and court ruling . this chapter contains two sections . the first
   section will describe the key structural components of the nebraska state
   aid formula as organized through the sfm . the second section demonstrates
   the general application of the ithink analyst to model state aid to public
   education as an integrated system . ( this chapter does not describe or
   address system dynamics . ) 2009 springer_verlag new york .

---

UT 1059
AR Tan K-S, 2010, BUS PROCESS MANAG J, V16, P871, DOI 10.1108/14637151011076511
TI Sustainable enterprise modelling and simulation in a warehousing context
AU Tan K-S; Ahmed MD; Sundaram D
TC 35
SO BUS PROCESS MANAG J
PY 2010
AB purpose : the paper seeks to propose the concept of sustainable enterprise
   simulation models . the social , environmental and economic models are
   developed and simulated using ithink in the context of a warehousing and
   distribution company . design / methodology / approach : the paper has
   leveraged the systems dynamic paradigm to conduct sustainable enterprise
   modeling and ithinktm system to implement the models . it uses the design
   science research methodology for the proof of concept of the models and
   modeling processes . the models have been developed for a logistics
   management company and tested in the business settings . these models were
   finalized through a number of revisions and iterations of the design ,
   develop , simulate and test and evaluate . findings : the paper addresses
   the interconnectivity between disparate sustainability dimensions for
   developing the models . the validity and usefulness of the sustainability
   models for the day_to_day decision making has been authenticated by the
   management of the warehousing organization . originality / value : the paper
   implements system dynamics concepts of sustainability modeling and produces
   models of various sustainability dimensions which are original in nature and
   evolution . while the domain in which sustainable enterprise modeling was
   carried out was warehousing , the concepts and principles that were explored
   , developed and validated is applicable across most enterprises . emerald
   group publishing limited .
DE modeling; sustainable development; warehousing

---

UT 1060
AR Chen C-H, 2005, SCI ENV, V346, P17, DOI 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2004.12.057
TI Development of a dynamic strategy planning theory and system for sustainable
   river basin land use management
AU Chen C-H; Liu W-L; Liaw S-L; Yu C-H
TC 44
SO SCI ENV
PY 2005
AB land use management is central to government planning for sustainable
   development . the main purpose of this study is to develop a novel strategy
   planning theory and system to assist responsible authorities in obtaining
   alternatives of sustainable top river basin land use management . the
   concepts and theory of system analysis , driving force_state_response ( dsr
   ) framework , and system dynamics are used to establish the dsr dynamic
   strategy planning procedure in this work . the integrated management of the
   land , water , and air resources of a river basin system is considered in
   the procedure . two modified land use management procedures combined with
   the dsr dynamic strategy planning procedure are developed in this work .
   based on the dsr dynamic strategy planning procedure , the sustainable river
   basin land use management dsr dynamic decision support system (
   srblum_dsrd_dss ) is developed by using the vensim , ms excel , arcview ,
   and visual basic software . the concepts of object_orientation are used to
   develop the system dynamic optimization and simulation models of
   srblum_dsrd_dss . based on the modified land use management procedures ,
   srblum_dsrd_dss is used to assist decision makers in generating the land use
   plans of the nankan river basin in taoyuan county of taiwan . since the
   decisions of land , water and air resources management are still made at
   different agencies , the land use management system should be modified based
   on the innovational procedure to implement the management strategy developed
   in this work . the results show that the modified land use management
   procedures can be a guidance for the governments in modifying the systems
   and regulation of urban and regional plans in taiwan . 2004 elsevier b.v .
   all rights reserved .
DE dsr framework; integrated management of land-water-air resources; strategy
   planning; sustainable river basin land use management; system analysis;
   system dynamics
ID cities; conservation of natural resources; environment; models theoretical;
   policy making; rivers; taiwan; water supply; computer simulation; decision
   making; mathematical models; regulatory compliance; river basin projects;
   strategic planning; sustainable development; urban planning; water; basin
   management; land management; river basin; air; article; authority; computer
   program; concept formation; decision making; environmental planning; land
   use; management; orientation; priority journal; river basin; simulation;
   taiwan; theoretical model; urban area; driving force-state-response ( dsr );
   dynamic optimization; land use management; taiwan; land use

---

UT 1061
AR Bjornsson HC, 2000, PROC INT CONF COMPUT CIV BUILD ENG, V279, P702, DOI
   10.1061/40513(279)92
TI A decision support system for road maintenance budget allocation
AU Bjornsson HC; De La Garza JM; Nasir MJ
TC 4
SO PROC INT CONF COMPUT CIV BUILD ENG
PY 2000
AB the road transport system is a large and complex system and the allocation
   of resources to different maintenance activities requires an effective
   maintenance strategy based on a long_term perspective . this paper presents
   a simulation model based on system dynamics methodology that can be used as
   a decision support system to effectively allocate road maintenance funds .
   the system dynamics model is constructed in the powersim modeling
   environment and it consists of four main module or sub_systems : 1 )
   financial sub_system , 2 ) physical sub_system , 3 ) functional sub_system ,
   and 4 ) evaluation sub_system . the model has been tested for several
   different maintenance policies . the behavior of the system was studied for
   several combinations of budget allocation that were used in the simulation
   experiments . 2004 asce .
ID artificial intelligence; budget control; decision making; decision support
   systems; decision theory; dynamics; models; resource allocation; roads and
   streets; transportation; budget allocations; complex systems; decision
   supports; long-term perspectives; main modules; maintenance activities;
   maintenance policies; maintenance strategies; modeling environments; road
   maintenances; road transport systems; simulation experiments; simulation
   models; sub-systems; system dynamics; maintenance

---

UT 1062
AR Perng Y-H, 2007, QUAL MANAG BUS EXCELL, V18, P731, DOI
   10.1080/14783360701349716
TI A service quality improvement dynamic decision support system for
   refurbishment contractors
AU Perng Y-H; Hsia Y-P; Lu H-J
TC 18
SO QUAL MANAG BUS EXCELL
PY 2007
AB a refurbishment industry grows as a nation gradually develops . to assist
   contractors in building core competencies as well as sustaining competitive
   advantages , a service quality dynamic decision support system ( sqddss ) is
   proposed in this paper . this system adopts the system dynamics approach as
   the construction model for continuous improvement of service quality . on
   the basis of quantitative management , a cyclic procedure is developed ,
   including current assessment , issue investigation , strategy_making ,
   execution performance , feedback and improvement . aided by feedback loop
   analysis in the dynamic system and longitudinal case simulation for all
   related scenarios , the decision_maker may constantly achieve optimal
   strategies . the procedure consists of a model base module , a database
   module and a user interface . within the model base , a service quality
   measurement model is built according to servqual , introduced by parasuraman
   et al . ( 1988 ) , which is provided to measure service quality , while an
   optimal function is applied to assist contractors in developing optimal
   strategy and evaluating required resources . a case of a housing
   refurbishing company sqddss run by the package software , powersim studio is
   selected to demonstrate the proposed system .
DE decision support system ( dss ); refurbishment; service quality; system
   dynamics

---

UT 1063
AR Šimundić S, 2009, PROC ELMAR INT SYMP ELECTRON MAR, P171
TI Simulation modelling of reliability of the ship equipment technical systems
AU Šimundić S; Boban M; Ćosić Z
TC 1
SO PROC ELMAR INT SYMP ELECTRON MAR
PY 2009
AB reliability of any technical system is its most important feature . this
   paper ' s research focuses on the simulation modeling of the reliability of
   the ship compressor as one of the ship system elements whose performance
   affects the overall ship ' s reliability . the scientific insights obtained
   by using the methodology of the theory of reliability and the system
   dynamics method , which has proven to be a very efficient method for
   simulating particularly complicated models such as ship compressors , have
   enabled the authors to define the reliability simulation model of the ship
   compressor in the powersim studio 2005 software environment . the ship
   compressor model is a dynamic , non_linear , stochastic , continuous
   high_level model which is very close to the real_life object . the purpose
   of this paper is to encourage the application of similar simulation models
   to real_life situations with the aim of preventing unpleasant and unwanted
   surprises in functioning of technical systems and in functioning of the ship
   as a whole .
DE computer simulation; reliability; ship compressor; technical system
ID compressors; computational methods; quality assurance; reliability theory;
   ship equipment; software reliability; stochastic models; compressor models;
   efficient method; high-level models; nonlinear; reliability simulation; ship
   systems; simulation model; simulation modeling; software environments;
   system dynamics; technical systems; computer simulation

---

UT 1064
AR Dudley RG, 2010, MITIG ADAPT STRATEG GLOB CHANG, V15, P53, DOI
   10.1007/s11027-009-9204-7
TI A little REDD model to quickly compare possible baseline and policy
   scenarios for reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation
AU Dudley RG
TC 17
SO MITIG ADAPT STRATEG GLOB CHANG
PY 2010
AB a simple model allows rapid comparison of typical baseline and policy
   scenarios which might be considered under international programs to avoid
   co2 emissions caused by forest clearing , such as redd ( reducing emissions
   from deforestation and forest degradation ) . these tests of redd policy
   scenarios can also include co2 stored in forest products . the value of
   avoided emissions can also be determined if expected carbon prices ,
   constant or varying , are included . the paper discusses simple illustrative
   example comparisons as well as possible feedback effects within larger scale
   setting of co2 offset availability , co2 price and emissions reductions .
   springer science+business media b.v.  2009 .
DE avoided emissions; carbon emissions; co2 emissions; deforestation; emissions
   reductions; model; redd; system dynamics; vensim
ID carbon emission; deforestation; emission control; emission inventory;
   environmental policy; forest ecosystem; software

---

UT 1065
AR Shi Y/3, 2010, SCMIS - PROC INT CONF SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG SYST LOGIST SYST ENG
TI Research on the supplier strategy under VMI based on system dynamics
AU Shi Y/3; Peng S/3; Zhang Z/4; Shu G
TC 0
SO SCMIS - PROC INT CONF SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG SYST LOGIST SYST ENG
PY 2010
AB firstly , this paper combines the principles of inventory management under
   vmi and characteristics of the system dynamics in decision making the
   research on the supplier strategy under vmi suitability and superiority .
   secondly , according to the demand of real system and the requirements of
   system dynamics models , we delimit the boundary of this model . furthermore
   , based on the clear system boundary , a kind of simulation software named '
   ' vensim ' ' is proposed to construct the simulation models of service level
   and cost evaluation in the suppliers perspective under vmi . at last ,
   several suggestions are given to improve the performance of supply chain
   according to the results of simulation .
DE supplier strategy; supply chain; system dynamics; vmi
ID computer simulation; computer software; decision making; information
   management; information systems; inventory control; logistics; supply
   chains; system theory; cost evaluations; inventory management; real systems;
   service levels; simulation model; simulation software; supplier strategies;
   system boundary; system dynamics; system dynamics model; vmi; supply chain
   management

---

UT 1066
AR Dundović Č, 2009, PROMET TRAFFIC TRAFFICO, V21, P331, DOI
   10.7307/ptt.v21i5.248
TI Contribution to the development of a simulation model for a seaport in
   specific operating conditions
AU Dundović Č; Bilić M; Dvornik J/2
TC 7
SO PROMET TRAFFIC TRAFFICO
PY 2009
AB the purpose of this paper is to show the efficiency of application of system
   dynamic simulation modeling when researching the behavior dynamics of the
   port transhipment process , and finding the optimal solution for cargo
   handling with regard to the type and scope of cargo traffic , directions of
   movement , and pace of receiving and shipping of cargo . in view of the
   potential scientific implementation and verification of the hypotheses about
   the usage of system dynamic simulation models , the goals are
   multi_dimensional as they include designing qualitative and quantitative
   simulation models for a non_linear system , verification of the validity of
   the behavior dynamics of the model , application of the simulation models ,
   application of the parameter optimization of the simulated process , and
   scientific verification of the results obtained through the simulation of
   the model . in compliance with the developed system_dynamic , mental_verbal
   and structural model , using the powersim studio system_dynamic flowchart of
   the port cargo system , in powersim studio simulation language , it is
   possible to conduct a scientific research of the dynamics of the continuous
   behavior of the observed port cargo system in an experimental way , i . e .
   by using computers , simulating various scenarios of likely occurrences in
   the real world , without jeopardizing it .
DE continued and discrete simulation; modeling transhipment process;
   optimization; system dynamics
ID cargo handling; computer simulation languages; linear systems; model
   structures; nonlinear systems; optimization; simulators; studios; system
   theory; cargo systems; cargo traffic; continued and discrete simulation;
   modeling transhipment process; operating condition; optimal solutions;
   optimization; parameter optimization; quantitative simulation; scientific
   researches; simulated process; simulation language; simulation model;
   structural models; system dynamics; transhipment; cargo handling; computer
   simulation; model validation; numerical model; optimization; port
   development; software; traffic congestion; mathematical models

---

UT 1067
AR Zhang H, 2008, PROC - INT SEMIN FUTUR BIOMED ENG FBIE, P415, DOI
   10.1109/FBIE.2008.106
TI Forecasting water resources demand based on complex system dynamics: A case
   study of Tianjin city
AU Zhang H; Zhai C; Zhang X/3
TC 6
SO PROC - INT SEMIN FUTUR BIOMED ENG FBIE
PY 2008
AB forecasting water resources demand is being a component of integrated water
   resources management promotes and balances efficiency , equity and
   sustainability objectives for management and allocation of water resources .
   this article introduces the ithink software for the forecasting water
   resources demand studies . system dynamics is an analytical study
   information feedback system , the understanding system question and the
   solution system question discipline . the model is dominated by four stocks
   , six flows and twenty_seven converters in this article . as for the tianjin
   city , the system dynamics model is developed for forecasting the tendency
   of the planning years , based on analysis of water resources in tianjin .
   the practical verification shows this method forecast relative error is
   lower than 10 % . thus the predicting outcome shows that system dynamics
   forecasting result can offer accurate quantitative information to water
   resources management system . and that proves that system dynamics method is
   an available tool for resources plan . 2008 ieee .
DE forecast; ithink; mathematic; system dynamics; water resources demand
ID forecasting; system theory; water analysis; complex system dynamics;
   forecast; information feedback; integrated water resources management;
   ithink; mathematic; predicting outcomes; quantitative information; relative
   errors; solution system; system dynamics; system dynamics model; tianjin;
   water resources management; water resources

---

UT 1068
AR Bupić M, 2010, NASE, V57, P226
TI Simulation model of dynamic behaviour of refrigerated products in a ship's
   refrigerated container; [Simulacijski model dinamickog ponašanja hladenoga
   tereta u brodskomu rashladnom kontejneru]
AU Bupić M; Pavković B; Jemrić T
TC 3
SO NASE
PY 2010
AB simulation model of dynamic behavior of refrigerated products has ben based
   on the developed mathematical model , constructional characteristics of the
   tested container , its refrigeration plant and characteristics of
   refrigerated products . the model presented is a part of dynamic model of
   the complete ship ' s refrigerated container system , whose individual
   subsystems are refrigerated products , container wall , refrigerated humid
   air in the container , condensation unit , evaporator , container outfit ,
   evaporator fan and defroster heater . the research has been conducted on a
   12,2_metre ( 40_foot ) refrigerated container . the method of system
   dynamics and powersim simulation program have been used for modeling and
   simulation . the dynamic model of the refrigerated products in a ship ' s
   refrigerated container has been verified and conformed by the comparison of
   simulation results with empirical qualitative data .
DE refrigerated products; ship refrigerated container; simulation model
ID dynamic models; evaporators; refrigerated containers; ships; walls (
   structural partitions ); container walls; dynamic behaviors; humid air;
   modeling and simulations; qualitative data; refrigerated products;
   refrigeration plants; simulation model; simulation program; simulation
   result; system dynamics; condensation; container ship; empirical analysis;
   evaporation; humidity; numerical model; ship design; computer simulation

---

UT 1069
AR Chen Y-C/1, 2007, EXAMINING CONFLU ENV WATER CONCERNS - PROC WORLD ENV WATER
   RESOUR CONGR, DOI 10.1061/40856(200)243
TI Using system dynamics to simulate the Hsinchu region development and water
   resources
AU Chen Y-C/1; Kao S-P; Yang H-C
TC 0
SO EXAMINING CONFLU ENV WATER CONCERNS - PROC WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR
PY 2007
AB water resource consumption is certainly one of the most complicated and
   delicate issues in planning and developing an urban area . supply and demand
   on a single line is very easy to handle . however , with growing population
   and expanding city parameters , intertwined water pipes get ever so
   complicated and subsequently water management becomes an enormous task .
   fortunately , with the help of system dynamics analysis , this enormous task
   can be broken down into easy_to_manage and understand steps not only to
   water managers but also to the general public . hence , we adopt system
   dynamics to build a water consumption model of hsinchu region to give
   different strategies of industry and water management , and to illustrate
   variations of the water supply versus consumption . based on the structure
   of hsinchu water resource system , we used vensim to build a system dynamics
   model , which enables to build a virtual laboratory to test the manager ' s
   strategies and to communicate with the interested groups who are not experts
   of water management . 2007 asce .
DE china; dynamics; simulation; water resources
ID dynamics; economics; management; managers; urban planning; water management;
   water pipelines; water resources; water supply; broken down; china; general
   publics; hsinchu; region development; resource consumption; simulation;
   supply and demand; system dynamics; system dynamics model; urban areas;
   virtual laboratories; water consumption; water managers; water pipes; water
   resource systems; system theory

---

UT 1070
AR Yeh S-C/1, 2004, ADV ARCH SER, V18, P483
TI Economic-environmental scenario simulations to measure sustainable
   development in Taiwan
AU Yeh S-C/1; Chu Y-P
TC 0
SO ADV ARCH SER
PY 2004
AB the issue regarding the interrelationships between economic development and
   environmental pollution has been of major concern in many countries . many
   economic / mathematical models have been developed to describe or predict
   these complex phenomena . in this research , an aggregated model of a large
   scale region of a nation was developed for exploring the environmental
   burden / pollution attributable to economic development and changes in the
   industrial structure . a system_dynamics based software vensim was employed
   to serve as the modeling tool . in the economic division , sectoral gdp ' s
   were computed using the cobb_douglas production functions in which the
   technique coefficient and labor share for each economic sector were
   calibrated in advance based on historical data . three major employment
   categories , industrial , service , and agricultural , were defined . among
   these , there are 12 industrial , 4 service , and 2 agricultural sectors .
   in the environmental division , key variables regarding river , air , and
   waste pollution were incorporated in the simulation model . for river
   pollution , bod5 was selected as the target pollutant and the receiving
   water bodies were 29 main rivers in taiwan . for air pollution , tsp , sox ,
   nox , and vocs were the target pollutants and they were generated from both
   stationary and mobile sources . as for waste pollution , hazardous and
   nonhazardous wastes from various sources were key pollutants . in each of
   these environmental submodels , the generation , treatment , emission ,
   accompanying costs , and other important variables were simulated according
   to many scenarios designed by taking into account essential policy variables
   or parameters in practice . through these scenario simulations , policy
   variables sensitive to the concerned system performances can be identified .
   thus , the approaches to reach some preannounced environmental goals could
   be understood . in addition , to reflect the environmental degradations
   caused by various pollutions , the concepts of ' ' green accounting ' ' were
   employed and the ' ' green gdp ' s ' ' obtained by considering these
   pollutions were calculated . this simulation model is a good prototype for
   integrating economic and environmental issues in a dynamic , interactive ,
   and user_friendly framework .

---

UT 1071
AR Wenzler I, 2005, SIMUL GAMING, V36, P75, DOI 10.1177/1046878104272668
TI Development of an asset management strategy for a network utility company:
   Lessons from a dynamic business simulation approach
AU Wenzler I
TC 24
SO SIMUL GAMING
PY 2005
AB due to market deregulation , network utility companies are forced to
   transform their asset management to provide better_than_required service
   quality and maximize financial performance . the author uses a dynamic
   business simulation ( dbs )_a modeling and simulation approach based on
   system dynamics_to support development of asset management strategies at a
   couple of network utility companies . the author describes the background
   and design steps of the dbs approach and evaluates its effectiveness in
   supporting development of the asset management strategy for one network
   utility company in the netherlands , as well as its capacity to become a
   part of that company ' s business capabilities . 2005 sage publications .
DE asset management; business simulation; deregulation; electricity industry;
   investment policy; network utility; participatory modeling; powersim;
   simulation design; system dynamics

---

UT 1072
AR Briano E, 2010, WSEAS TRANS SYST, V9, P327
TI Resiliency and vulnerability in short life cycle products' supply chains: A
   system dynamics model
AU Briano E; Caballini C; Giribone P; Revetria R
TC 9
SO WSEAS TRANS SYST
PY 2010
AB the work is focused on the study of a supply chain related to short
   life_cycle products , that are goods produced and sold for a limited period
   of time like fashion goods , electronic devices , health care service and
   particular foodstuffs . the case study belongs to the last one category and
   regards a particular good produced by an important italian food company ,
   with several branches all over the world , operating in the field of snacks
   , biscuits and bread substitutes . currently the data in the simulation
   model are assumed by the authors due to a delay on the provision , but the
   real company data should be available , properly modified for reasons of
   confidentiality , for the extended version of the paper . in the following
   sections a simulation model , implemented using the system dynamics
   methodology , will be described . system dynamics approach is suitable for
   complex dynamic systems like the one object of this work . this methodology
   considers in fact time delays and feedback loops , which heavily affect the
   system structure and behavior . the model has been implemented using one of
   the most known system dynamics commercial software : powersim studiotm ,
   because of its flexibility and completeness , allowing also integration with
   databases , external files and erp systems . the aim of the simulation is to
   identify and focus on the criticalities along the supply chain in order to
   minimize the total costs and , consequently , maximizing the company profits
   . ' ' what if ' ' analysis have been carried out in order to show which is
   the best policy to adopt in terms_for instance_of safety stock or demand
   planning . moreover , the concepts of vulnerability and resiliency applied
   to these kinds of supply chains have been analyzed . after a short
   classification of threats and risks for supply chains , the case in which an
   environmental risk ( an earthquake ) occurs , striking the raw material
   supplier , is modeled and simulated with the system dynamics methodology .
   the obtained results show that with a more resilient supply chain ,
   characterized by the procurement from two different suppliers ( instead on
   only one ) located in different geographical areas , business continuity is
   guaranteed even in the case of a natural catastrophe .
DE powersim studio; resiliency; short life cycle products; simulation; supply
   chain management; system dynamics; vulnerability
ID computer simulation; customer satisfaction; dynamical systems; health care;
   health risks; life cycle; profitability; studios; supply chain management;
   system theory; business continuity; commercial software; complex dynamic
   systems; demand planning; electronic device; environmental risks; erp
   system; extended versions; external files; fashion goods; feedback loop;
   food companies; geographical area; health care services; raw material
   suppliers; safety stock; short life cycle products; simulation model; supply
   chain management system; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; system
   dynamics model; system structures; total costs; supply chains

---

UT 1073
AR Guerrin F, 2005, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK
   PROC, P210
TI Simulation of action in production systems
AU Guerrin F
TC 4
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC
PY 2005
AB the attempt to use simulation models as management_support tools puts human
   decision and action to the fore . although it is well_known that there is a
   strong intricacy between decision and action , action representation is here
   the focus . a formalization to implement in simulation models this concept
   is proposed and discussed in the light of the ' situated action ' paradigm (
   suchman 1987 ) , allen ' s theory of action and time ( allen 1984 ) , and
   brahms , a model to simulate people ' s actual practice ( sierhuis 2001 ) .
   this tentative theory originates in modeling and simulation experiences in
   the field of agricultural production systems . these systems are dealt with
   at various scales of observation : from livestock enterprises or crop plots
   to whole_farm systems or groups of farms ( guerrin and paillat 2003 ) .
   within such systems , material ( and information ) fluxes are issued from
   processes operated by human agents or natural causes . two types of fluxes
   are distinguished : those mainly driven by human agents ( workable fluxes )
   and those mainly driven by natural causes ( biophysical fluxes ) . these
   fluxes interact through human action that aims at orienting biophysical
   fluxes by acting on workable fluxes . the emphasis put on action simulation
   is justified by how is conceived the use of models in decision_support for
   managing such systems . putting aside the prescriptive approach ( the model
   provides the user with the decision ) a simulation model is thought of as a
   reflexive tool aimed at fostering experimentation and apprenticeship by the
   user on its own practice . what_if ? simulation mirroring the interplay of
   intended actions within the system is deemed useful to support stakeholders
   ' decision_making ( mc cown 2002 ) . hence , the model needs not represent
   the decision cognitive process , but rather , ' what ' is being done in fact
   . the main concern is thus to simulate the actions and their consequences
   resulting from scenarios described in terms of situations , plans ,
   management rules , constraints , to help the user compare policy trade_offs
   . the modeling ontology of action proposed here generalizes and builds upon
   the features developed within two dynamic simulation models applied to
   livestock waste management : magma ( guerrin 2001 ) , which simulates the
   application on crops of manure from various livestock in a one_to_many or
   many_to_one fashions . approzut ( guerrin 2004 . guerrin and medoc 2005 ) ,
   which simulates the deliveries of slurry from multiple pig farms to a unique
   treatment plant in a many_to_one fashion . an action is represented as a
   dynamic process by a binary function of time . action may be singular (
   occurring once ) or cyclic ( repeating occurrences over time ) . the state
   of an action ( 0 or 1 values holding on time intervals ) is distinguished
   from the temporal events bounding its occurrences . these are
   quasi_instantaneous state transitions : 01 determining the start dates of
   actions ' occurrences . 10 their end dates . they are generated by changes
   in other processes playing the role of triggering or interrupting conditions
   . as long as these changes are not detected , action is maintained in its
   current state . these processes , continuous or discrete , may be a
   combination of predefined schedules or clocks , external processes
   accounting for the environment , or other actions . in turn , an action
   exerts an immediate or delayed effect on target processes ( e . g . fluxes
   controlling stocks ) and system performance indicators . this binary
   formalization of action gives rise to the use of propositional or predicate
   calculus to reason upon action in a dynamical system framework . the
   management of actions involves mainly action coordination . it can be
   achieved by several means namely planning , action composition , and
   allocation over time of continuous or discrete resources shared by
   concurrent actions according to their demands and priorities . an advantage
   of this dynamical system approach is to ease the connection of action models
   with classical dynamic models accounting for the biophysical processes at
   work in production systems . the mathematical functions used to represent
   these concepts are given and their use is illustrated , for the sake of
   clarity , on simple toy_example simulations . however , references are made
   to real issues from livestock effluent management experimented with the
   magma and approzut models . this modeling ontology of action ( still under
   work ) has been implemented in the vensim simulation software based on
   systems dynamics .
DE action representation; activity simulation; hybrid dynamical system;
   production system; temporal logic
ID benchmarking; biophysics; computer simulation; computer software; crops;
   decision support systems; dynamical systems; economic and social effects;
   effluents; farms; functions; manures; ontology; production engineering;
   temporal logic; waste management; agricultural robots; behavioral research;
   biophysics; calculations; computer software; crops; decision support
   systems; dynamical systems; economic and social effects; effluents;
   fertilizers; functions; mammals; ontology; waste treatment; action
   coordination; action models; action representation; agricultural production
   system; binary functions; biophysical process; classical dynamics; cognitive
   process; delayed effects; dynamic process; dynamic simulation models;
   effluent management; external process; human actions; human agent; human
   decisions; hybrid dynamical systems; interrupting conditions; many-to-one;
   mathematical functions; modeling and simulations; production system;
   simulation model; simulation software; situated actions; state transitions;
   system performance indicators; systems dynamics; time interval; treatment
   plants; action representations; agricultural production system; dynamical
   system approaches; interrupting conditions; management support tools;
   mathematical functions; modeling and simulations; system performance
   indicators; decision making; decision making

---

UT 1074
AR Luo Y, 2009, PADDY WATER ENV, V7, P1, DOI 10.1007/s10333-008-0146-6
TI Application of system dynamics approach for time varying water balance in
   aerobic paddy fields
AU Luo Y; Khan S; Cui Y; Peng S/2
TC 20
SO PADDY WATER ENV
PY 2009
AB increasing water scarcity has necessitated the development of irrigated rice
   systems that require less water than the traditional flooded rice . the
   cultivation of aerobic rice is an effort to save water in response to
   growing worldwide water scarcity with the pressure to reduce water use and
   increase water productivity . an accurate estimation of different water
   balance components at the aerobic rice fields is essential to achieve
   effective use of limited water supplies . some field water balance
   components , such as percolation , capillary rise and evapotranspiration ,
   can not be easily measured . therefore a soil water balance model is
   required to develop and to test water management strategies . this paper
   presents results of a study to quantify time varying water balance under a
   critical soil water tension based irrigation criteria for the cultivation of
   non_ponded ' ' aerobic rice ' ' fields along the lower parts of the yellow
   river . based on the analysis and integration of existing field information
   on the hydrologic processes in an aerobic rice field , this paper outlines
   the general components of the water balance using a conceptual model
   approach . the time varying water balance is then analyzed using the
   feedback relations among the hydrologic processes in a commercial dynamic
   modeling environment , vensim . the model simulates various water balance
   components such as actual evapotranspiration , deep percolation , surface
   runoff , and capillary rise in the aerobic rice field on a daily basis . the
   model parameters are validated with the observed experimental field data
   from the huibei irrigation experiment station , kaifeng , china . the
   validated model is used to analyze irrigation application soil water tension
   trigger under wet , dry and average climate conditions using daily time
   steps . the scenario analysis show that to conserve scarce water resources
   during the average climate years the irrigation scheduling criteria can be
   set as _30 kpa average root zone soil water tension . whereas it can be set
   at _70 kpa during the dry years , however , the associated yields may reduce
   . compared with the flooded lowland rice and other upland crops , with these
   two alternatives irrigation event triggers , aerobic rice cultivation can
   lead to significant water savings . 2008 springer_verlag .
DE aerobic rice; irrigation scheduling; soil water balance; system dynamics;
   vensim; water savings

---

UT 1075
AR Dvornik S, 2008, PROC INT CONF TECHNOL INTERFACES ITI, P697, DOI
   10.1109/ITI.2008.4588496
TI Simulation modelling and optimization of behaviour dynamics of the ship
   steam Boiler TPK-NOVA KLN/VIC-8.5/7
AU Dvornik S; Dvornik J/2; Kulenović Z
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF TECHNOL INTERFACES ITI
PY 2008
AB the aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamic simulation modeling ( system dynamics modeling_forrester/ [ 1 ] ) at
   investigating performance dynamics of the marine steam boiler . marine steam
   boiler is a complex non_linear system which needs to be systematically
   investigated as a unit consisting of a number of subsystems and elements ,
   which are linked by because_effect ( upv ) feedback loops ( kpd ) , both
   within the system and with the relevant surrounding . in this paper the
   authors will present the efficient application of scientific methods for the
   research of complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative
   simulation system dynamics methodology , which will allow for production and
   use of higher number and kinds of simulation models of the observed elements
   , and finally allow for the continuous computer simulation , which will
   significantly contribute to acquisition of new information about the
   nonlinear character of performance dynamics of marine steam boilers in the
   process of designing and education . marine steam boiler will be presented
   in powersim simulation language in mental_verbal , structural and
   mathematical computer models .
DE continuous and discrete simulation; marine steam boiler; simulation
   modeling; system dynamics
ID boilers; chlorine compounds; computational methods; computer simulation;
   computer simulation languages; computer systems; dynamics; information
   technology; linear systems; mathematical models; nonlinear systems;
   research; steam; technology; technology transfer; cause-effect; complex
   dynamic systems; computer modeling; continuous and discrete simulation;
   dynamic simulations; feedback loops; international conferences; marine steam
   boiler; nonlinear characters; performance dynamics; quantitative simulation;
   scientific methods; simulation language; simulation modeling; steam boilers;
   system dynamics; marine boilers

---

UT 1076
AR Chan SL, 2010, EXPERT SYS APPL, V37, P1207, DOI 10.1016/j.eswa.2009.06.030
TI A model for predicting customer value from perspectives of product
   attractiveness and marketing strategy
AU Chan SL; Ip WH; Cho V
TC 44
SO EXPERT SYS APPL
PY 2010
AB this paper proposes a model for customer relationship management ( crm )
   using ithink , which incorporates the concept of system dynamics . the
   proposed crm model consists of module 1 : a customer purchasing behavior
   model , module 2 : a markov chain model , and module 3 : a financial returns
   model . by considering the marketing activities and product attractiveness
   to the customer , the probability that a customer will ( re ) purchase can
   be modeled in module 1. the probabilities are then fitted into module 2 for
   the calculation of customer lifetime value ( clv ) . the estimated clv for
   each customer is inputted into module 3 to predict the firm ' s return on
   investment in the long term . by defining the parameters on the
   attractiveness of a product and on user responses from historical marketing
   campaigns , a firm can easily evaluate its business strategy from both
   marketing and product development perspectives , thereby refining those
   parameters and adopting the best strategy for creating customer value and
   yielding the maximum profit . a case study of a listed firm in hong kong is
   employed to illustrate our model , which not only gives insights into the
   product development , but can also support the decisions related to
   marketing activities . 2009 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE customer lifetime value; customer relationship management; markov chain
   model; system dynamics
ID customer satisfaction; markov processes; probability; product development;
   profitability; public relations; strategic planning; system theory; value
   engineering; behavior model; best strategy; business strategy; crm model;
   customer life time value; customer relationship management; customer values;
   financial returns; hong-kong; long-term; marketing activities; marketing
   campaign; marketing strategy; markov chain models; return on investments;
   system dynamics; sales

---

UT 1077
AR Szarka N, 2008, ATMOS ENV, V42, P403, DOI 10.1016/j.atmosenv.2007.09.051
TI Atmospheric emissions modeling of energetic biomass alternatives using
   system dynamics approach
AU Szarka N; Kakucs O; Wolfbauer J; Bezama A
TC 10
SO ATMOS ENV
PY 2008
AB to simulate the quantitative effects of regional biomass alternatives for
   energetic purpose ( bfe ) on air pollutant emissions , a system dynamics
   model was developed and applied for the euregion austrian_hungarian
   cross_border area . the dynamic simulation program vensim was used to build
   an overall regional model with economic , social and environmental sectors .
   within this model , the here_introduced regional air pollution sub_model (
   regair ) includes the important human_made emissions of 10 pollutants
   resulting from all relevant source sectors within the region investigated .
   emissions from activities related to biomass production , transport ,
   conversion and final energy consumption were built in detail . after
   building and calibrating the regair model , seven quantitative test
   scenarios were defined and implemented into the model . through the
   scenarios simulation , effects on air emissions were followed and compared
   over time . the results of these simulations show a significant reduction of
   co2 emissions , especially in cases where fossil fuel displacement in
   heating devices is achieved on the largest scale . on the contrary ,
   traditional air pollutants increase by most bfe options . the results of the
   regair model simulations of bfe alternatives over two decades provide useful
   quantifications of various air emissions and identify the less pollutant bfe
   alternatives in the dynamic context of the relevant air pollution sources of
   the region . after minor structural modifications and appropriate
   calibration , regair can be applied to other regions as well . however , it
   is stated that , to finally decide on the overall most_appropriate options
   at a regional level , other environmental as well as economic and social
   effects must be taken into consideration , being the latter the goal of the
   mentioned overall regional model which serves as a model frame to the regair
   tool . 2007 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE atmospheric emissions; energetic biomass; regional modeling; system dynamics
ID austria; central europe; eurasia; europe; hungary; air pollution; computer
   simulation; gas emissions; mathematical models; biofuel; carbon dioxide;
   anthropogenic source; atmospheric modeling; atmospheric pollution; biomass;
   emission; modeling; quantitative analysis; air pollution; article; austria;
   biofuel production; biomass production; crop production; energy consumption;
   energy conversion; energy crop; exhaust gas; heating; hungary; priority
   journal; simulation; socioeconomics; traffic; atmospheric emissions;
   energetic biomass; regional modeling; system dynamics; biomass

---

UT 1078
AR Yang F, 2009, PROC - INT CONF TECHNOL COMPUT SCI ITCS, V1, P209, DOI
   10.1109/ITCS.2009.48
TI Study on model of supply chain inventory management based on system
   dynamics: Real example analysis of distributor system vensim simulation
   model
AU Yang F
TC 3
SO PROC - INT CONF TECHNOL COMPUT SCI ITCS
PY 2009
AB this paper utilizes vensim version 5.8 to build the system dynamics
   simulation model of the inventory control in distributor system and makes
   comparison and analysis of the model ' s simulation outputs under different
   circumstances . we wish that all these simulations would provide scientific
   supports for enterprise management decision . 2009 ieee .
DE inventory management; supply chain management; system dynamics; system
   simulation
ID computer science; information technology; inventory control; management;
   simulators; supply chains; system theory; enterprise management; inventory
   management; real example; simulation model; system dynamics; system dynamics
   simulation; system simulation; supply chain management

---

UT 1079
AR Dvornik S, 2008, WMSCI - WORLD MULTI-CONF SYST CYBERN INFORMATICS JOINTLY
   INT CONF SYST ANAL SYNTH ISAS - PROC, V5, P100
TI Qualitative simulation model of ship steam boiler
AU Dvornik S; Dvornik J/2; Kulenović Z
TC 1
SO WMSCI - WORLD MULTI-CONF SYST CYBERN INFORMATICS JOINTLY INT CONF SYST ANAL
   SYNTH ISAS - PROC
PY 2008
AB the aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamic simulation modeling ( system dynamics modeling_forrester/ [ 1 ] ) at
   investigating performance dynamics of the marine steam boiler . marine steam
   boiler is a complex non_linear system which needs to be systematically
   investigated as a unit consisting of a number of subsystems and elements ,
   which are linked by because_effect ( upv ) feedback loops ( kpd ) , both
   within the system and with the relevant surrounding . in this paper the
   authors will present the efficient application of scientific methods for the
   research of complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative
   simulation this paper is a second part of our model and second part of paper
   [ 12 ] . system dynamics methodology , which will allow for production and
   use of higher number and kinds of simulation models of the observed elements
   , and finally allow for the continuous computer simulation , which will
   significantly contribute to acquisition of new information about the
   non_linear character of performance dynamics of marine steam boilers in the
   process of designing and education . marine steam boiler will be presented
   in powersim simulation language in mental_verbal , structural and
   mathematical computer models .
DE continuous and discrete simulation; marine steam boiler; simulation
   modeling; system dynamics
ID boilers; cybernetics; information science; information systems; management
   information systems; marine boilers; system theory; systems analysis; cause-
   effect; complex dynamic systems; computer models; continuous and discrete
   simulation; feedback loop; marine steam boiler; performance dynamics;
   qualitative simulation; quantitative simulation; scientific method; steam
   boiler; system dynamics; computer simulation

---

UT 1080
AR Huang J/2, 2006, DIANLI XITONG ZIDONGHUE, V30, P23
TI Peak and valley time price model and simulation based on system dynamics
   part two simulation results and analysis
AU Huang J/2; Huang X/2; Shao L; Fu F
TC 4
SO DIANLI XITONG ZIDONGHUE
PY 2006
AB simulation and comparison studies of different peak and valley time price
   policies and different response types of users are carried out by simulation
   software vensim special for system dynamics . the simulation results show
   that : ( 1 ) the optimal price structure is that the base price is regulated
   with generation price and power supply benefits , and the ratio between peak
   and valley prices is fixed in the initial implementation stages and then
   adjusted with load characteristic when load become stable . ( 2 ) different
   response type of users have different satisfied price structure , so the
   price structure parameters should be set differently . ( 3 ) the average
   price presents attenuated damping trend under the operation of the supply
   and demand benefit equilibrium mechanism , and the damping amplitude is
   proportional to the lingering time and the peak and valley price difference
   which should comprehensively consider the target of peak load shifting ,
   average price fluctuation amplitude and user ' s enduring capability .
   simultaneously , it should also shorten the price regulation time as short
   as possible , and smooth the price fluctuation to increase the social
   benefits of peak and valley price policy .
DE pricing strategy; system dynamics; time of use ( tou ) price; user response
ID computer simulation; damping; regulatory compliance; pricing strategy;
   system dynamics; time of use ( tou ) price; user response; electric industry

---

UT 1081
AR Beddek R, 2005, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK
   PROC, P608
TI Integration of groundwater models within an economical decision support
   system framework
AU Beddek R; ElMahdi A; Barnett B; Kennedy T
TC 9
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC
PY 2005
AB groundwater is a vital resource in australian agriculture . increased demand
   for water resulting from rapid economic development accompanied by poor
   climatic conditions ( e . g . low rainfall levels ) has induced an increased
   reliance on groundwater harvesting to sustain intensive irrigation practices
   . overdraft of groundwater as a result of reduced surface water availability
   , increased economic viability of farms and the capping of river catchment
   allocations have considerably lowered water tables . this paper describes a
   decision support system to aid in the sustainable water resource use in the
   werribee irrigation district ( wid ) in victoria . this particular district
   provides an ideal set up for the investigative work described below as it
   has a fully calibrated groundwater model and more importantly , it is at
   risk of salinization due to sea water intrusion . a decision support system
   linking crop water requirements with the available water for irrigation (
   surface and groundwater ) is developed using a systems dynamic approach (
   system dynamics offers a new way of modeling the future dynamics of complex
   systems ) by dynamically linking crop distribution patterns with the
   behavior of a coastal aquifer using a finite difference three dimensional
   modeling approach . this allows the optimization of agricultural production
   while respecting sustainable groundwater levels in the aquifer . the modflow
   2000 code is used to simulate groundwater dynamics in the werribee
   irrigation district . vensim_dss software , a system dynamics tool , was
   used to optimize crop distribution in the werribee irrigation district ( wid
   ) in victoria . this was done by linking crop distribution mix and water
   demand under set constraints to groundwater drawdown spatial distribution
   resulting from modflow simulations scenarios . the study time frame was set
   to 12 months . four case scenarios were tested : a high water use scenario ,
   a medium water use scenario , a no rice water use scenario and a low water
   use scenario ( vegetables only ) . it was found that the ' ' vegetable only
   ' ' scenario was the most sustainable as pumping did not breach the
   predefined sustainability limit 1. economic surface and groundwater model (
   esgm ) was linked to a calibrated numerical model developed under modflow (
   usgs , 1984 ) . the dynamic link takes care of the constraint checking and
   makes it easier for non_modellers to test various scenarios . this
   management tool as proposed presents the advantage of linking system
   dynamics to physical processes hence giving more realistic outcomes .
DE crop distribution; decision support system; modflow; optimization
ID aquifers; artificial intelligence; catchments; crops; decision making;
   decision support systems; irrigation; mathematical models; optimization;
   seawater; system theory; three dimensional; vegetables; water conservation;
   water levels; water management; water supply; agricultural robots; aquifers;
   catchments; crops; decision making; decision support systems; irrigation;
   seawater; surface waters; system theory; vegetables; water conservation;
   water levels; water management; agricultural productions; available water;
   climatic conditions; coastal aquifers; crop water requirements; decision
   supports; distribution patterns; dynamic links; economic development;
   economic viability; economical decisions; finite difference; groundwater
   drawdown; groundwater dynamics; groundwater models; high water; irrigation
   districts; irrigation practices; low water; management tool; modflow;
   modflow 2000; numerical models; optimization; optimizations; physical
   process; river catchment; set constraints; sustainable groundwater;
   sustainable water resources; system dynamics; systems dynamics; three
   dimensional modeling; time frame; water availability; water demand; water
   tables; water use; agricultural productions; australian agricultures; crop
   water requirements; distribution patterns; groundwater modeling; sustainable
   groundwater; sustainable water resources; three dimensional modeling;
   groundwater resources; groundwater resources

---

UT 1082
AR Hsieh Y-H, 2010, KYBERNETES, V39, P1128, DOI 10.1108/03684921011062746
TI Modeling service experience design processes with customer expectation
   management: A system dynamics perspective
AU Hsieh Y-H; Yuan S-T
TC 24
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2010
AB purpose : the purpose of this paper is to propose a conceptual framework of
   customer expectation management and a reference model of service experience
   design which are regarded as the basic foundation to model the processes of
   service experience design for service operation strategies simulating and
   testing by employing a system dynamics approach . design / methodology /
   approach : system dynamics is the key approach which includes causal loop
   diagrams and stock and flow diagrams used to build the reference model of
   experience design . simulations of the processes of service experience
   design have also been implemented by vensim . findings : it is found that
   the proposed reference model involving customer expectation management can
   successfully capture the key elements of the service experience design
   within service operation strategies . the system dynamics approach can
   effectively enable a macro viewpoint of service experience design for
   service operation strategies and policies . practical implications : with
   the proposed reference model of service experience design and the system
   dynamics modeling approach , service providers can not only comprehensively
   examine the processes of service experience design in detail but also
   accomplish the strategies testing and simulating . hence , service providers
   can make correct decisions to achieve the business goals via the simulation
   results beforehand . originality / value : this paper contributes to analyze
   and combine the idea of customer expectation management with service
   experience design and give rise to a unique reference model of service
   experience design that is shown to be valuable to service operation
   strategies testing and simulating based on the system dynamics perspective .
   emerald group publishing limited .
DE customer behavior; customer service management; cybernetics; design;
   expectation
ID cybernetics; design; sales; conceptual frameworks; customer behavior;
   customer expectation managements; customer service management;
   design/methodology/approach; expectation; system dynamics approach; system
   dynamics model; system theory

---

UT 1083
AR Schulstad G, 1997, AQUAC ENG, V16, P7, DOI 10.1016/S0144-8609(96)01016-3
TI Design of a computerized decision support system for hatchery production
   management
AU Schulstad G
TC 12
SO AQUAC ENG
PY 1997
AB this paper addresses system dynamics as a modeling technique to design a
   computerized decision support system for hatchery production management . a
   simulation model is implemented using the ithink software , a tool for
   continued process improvement . the biological component of the model is
   based on well_known aquaculture formulae for young atlantic salmon . the
   physical components describe how processes and facilities relate to the
   biological component and vice versa mainly using a mechanistic approach . an
   economic component limited to selected variable costs is linked to the
   decision support system . the results indicate conformity with the
   theoretical models used in the simulation model design and verify a
   potential for a computerized decision support system for hatchery management
   principles and production policies . 1997 elsevier science b . v .
DE computerized decision support system; hatchery; model; production; salmon
ID salmo salar; aquacultural management; aquaculture equipment; computerized
   decision support system; decision support system; fish hatchery; hatcheries;
   hatchery production; production management

---

UT 1084
AR Li Y/13, 2008, IFIP INT FED PROCESS, V255, P1221, DOI
   10.1007/978-0-387-76312-5_48
TI A study on customer satisfaction in mobile telecommunication market by using
   SEM and system dynamic method
AU Li Y/13; Qi J; Shu H/1
TC 7
SO IFIP INT FED PROCESS
PY 2008
AB in this article , a new method is presented to research the mechanism of
   customer satisfaction ( cs ) . firstly , the research model of cs based on
   the tam and acsi is built . secondly , some important correlation
   coefficients of research model can be got from the sem method . thirdly ,
   with these correlation coefficients , the main functions of system dynamic
   model are built , and the evolution of the system is simluated with the help
   of vensim . at last , one simple example is designed by using the method and
   some meaningful conclusions are provided . 2008 international federation for
   information processing .
DE acsi; customer satisfaction; sem; tam; telecommunication market
ID commerce; customer satisfaction; research; scanning electron microscopy;
   acsi; correlation coefficient; mobile telecommunications; research models;
   system dynamic models; system dynamics; tam; telecommunication market;
   information systems

---

UT 1085
AR Sharifi F, 2009, PROC WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR - WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR
   CONGR RIVERS, V342, P4772, DOI 10.1061/41036(342)481
TI Deriving rule curve for hydropower reservoirs; Seymareh experience
AU Sharifi F; Jalali MR; Afzali R
TC 1
SO PROC WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR - WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR RIVERS
PY 2009
AB a common method of design and operation of hydropower dams in iran is based
   on peaking hours . in other words , monthly network demand ( peak hours
   multiplied in install capacity ) will be fully produced if the water level
   of reservoir in that month is between minimum operating level ( mol ) and
   normal water level ( nwl ) . if it is located under mol or above nwl , the
   water level will be fixed on mol or nwl and energy production will be
   lowered or increased , respectively . in order to take into account
   different monthly values of energy , implementing of an operating policy and
   rule curve is indispensable . the main goal of this study is to derive a set
   of monthly target storage elevation as a rule curve to operate the
   powerplant of seymareh reservoir in west_south of iran . the main simulation
   model of seymareh reservoir and powerplant is developed in vensim
   environment using system dynamics ( sd ) approach . in this process , all
   the technical and practical details of this reservoir are taken into account
   . relations between discharge and turbine efficiency and tail water ,
   volume_area_elevation relations , reservoir evaporation , overload
   coefficient and maximum and minimum allowable head and turbine discharge are
   some of these details . energy production will be occurred if the water
   elevation of a particular month of reservoir is located above the defined
   target elevation of that month . this process is performed on historical
   time series aiming to maximize mean annual value of generated energy . in
   the next part of this study , to avoid the trial and error process of target
   elevation selection of above discussed simulation model , a simple aco
   algorithm with an embedded coded simulation model is implemented . results
   show the ability of this algorithm in defining a rule curve for an
   absolutely practical case study . 2009 asce .
ID hydroelectric power; reservoirs ( water ); simulators; targets; time series;
   turbines; water levels; aco algorithms; design and operations; energy
   productions; hydropower dams; hydropower reservoirs; network demands;
   operating levels; operating policies; simulation model; system dynamics;
   trial-and-error process; turbine efficiency; water elevation; water
   resources

---

UT 1086
AR Xu T/1, 2008, INT CONF WIREL COMMUN NETW MOB COMPUT WICOM, DOI
   10.1109/WiCom.2008.1899
TI Forecast of oil production in Daqing oilfield based on system dynamics
AU Xu T/1; Baosheng Z; Lianyong F; Lei Y
TC 0
SO INT CONF WIREL COMMUN NETW MOB COMPUT WICOM
PY 2008
AB through a thorough collation and analysis of the historical data about
   exploration and development of daqing oilfield , a system dynamics model of
   oil production in the field is established in this paper . parameters in the
   model are analyzed and determined , and simulations are made to forecast the
   oil production , degree of reserve recovery , remaining recoverable reserves
   , the direct exploration investment for new recoverable reserves per 10000
   tons and the reserve / production ratio of daqing oilfield before 2060 with
   vensim software . the forecast results show that the objective of
   establishing a centurial oilfield for daqing can be realized , but the
   sustainable development of the field will face many challenges such as the
   continuous decline in oil production before 2030 and the decrease of
   economic benefit probably arising after 2030 . it is worth paying more
   attention to the challenges for decision_makers . 2008 ieee .
DE centurial oilfield; daqing oilfield; oil production forecast; system
   dynamics
ID dynamics; forecasting; mobile computing; natural resources exploration; oil
   field development; oil fields; petroleum engineering; petroleum prospecting;
   planning; strategic planning; well stimulation; wireless networks; wireless
   telecommunication systems; centurial oilfield; daqing oilfield; economic
   benefits; historical datums; oil production forecast; recoverable reserves;
   reserve recoveries; system dynamics; system dynamics models; reserves to
   production ratio

---

UT 1087
AR Cavana RY, 2007, INT SOC SYST SCI - ANNU MEET INT SOC SYST SCI ISSS, P923
TI Integrated system dynamics: Analysis of policy options for tobacco control
   in New Zealand
AU Cavana RY; Tobias M
TC 0
SO INT SOC SYST SCI - ANNU MEET INT SOC SYST SCI ISSS
PY 2007
AB this paper addresses the conference theme of ' ' integrated systems sciences
   : systems thinking , modeling and practice ' ' by providing a case study
   using integrated system dynamics . the paper uses the five phase integrated
   system dynamics approach outlined by maani and cavana involving : problem
   structuring , causal loop modeling [ systems thinking ] . dynamic modeling ,
   scenario planning and modeling [ systems modeling ] . and implementation and
   organizational learning [ systems practice ] . the paper provides an
   overview of the system dynamics model that has been developed to assist the
   ministry of health to evaluate the dynamic consequences of tobacco control
   policies in new zealand . the model consists of 4 sectors : population .
   smoking prevalences . second hand smoke . and tobacco attributable deaths .
   the model is simulated for 20_30 years into the future . the simulation
   package used is ' ithink ' , and a user interface is presented for policy
   analysis . a range of illustrative scenarios are provided , including :
   business as usual . fiscal strategies involving less affordable cigarettes .
   harm minimisation strategies involving either less addictive cigarettes or
   less toxic cigarettes . and combinations of the above policies . the main
   output variables ( performance measures ) include current smoking prevalence
   , tobacco consumption , and tobacco attibutable mortality . finally areas
   for future model enhancement are identified .
DE dynamic simulation; new zealand ministry of health; system dynamics; tobacco
   control policies; tobacco policy model
ID computer simulation; integrated control; system theory; user interfaces;
   business-as-usual; five phase; future models; integrated systems; new
   zealand; organizational learning; output variables; performance measure;
   policy analysis; policy model; policy options; problem structuring; scenario
   planning; second hand smokes; simulation packages; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; systems modeling; systems thinking; tobacco consumption;
   tobacco control; tobacco

---

UT 1088
AR Liu J-L, 2006, PROC 2006 INT CONF MACH LEARN CYBERN, V2006, P2040, DOI
   10.1109/ICMLC.2006.258340
TI The study of customer complaints management based on system dynamics:
   Modeling and simulation
AU Liu J-L; Kang J; Bai Y; Zhang X/12
TC 6
SO PROC 2006 INT CONF MACH LEARN CYBERN
PY 2006
AB in this paper , based on the relationships among customer satisfaction ,
   repeated purchases , customer loyalty , complaint_voicing rate and
   complaint_dealing ability , a model is built to analysis customer flow
   resulting from the complaint management with the system dynamics method .
   applying vensim 5.0 , customer flow is simulated with the data from china '
   s mobile market . through analyzing the simulation results we can identify
   the key factors of system . finally we obtain the high_point of the system
   running by adjusting the key factors effectively and continuously . we have
   also studied how to adjust the factors according to the experimental datum
   which provides guidance to managers making decisions . 2006 ieee .
DE complaint-dealing ability; complaint-voicing rate; customer loyalty;
   customer satisfaction; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; data acquisition; data reduction; data structures;
   systems analysis; complaint-dealing ability; complaint-voicing rate;
   customer loyalty; system dynamics; customer satisfaction

---

UT 1089
AR Peterson DW, 1994, SYST DYN REV, V10, P159, DOI 10.1002/sdr.4260100205
TI Reality check: A bridge between systems thinking and system dynamics
AU Peterson DW; Eberlein RL
TC 46
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 1994
AB system dynamics models are suppose to be more robust than other kinds of
   simulation models . however , tests of robustness are usually underused and
   underdocumented . to allow the extensive use of robustness tests , we have
   included in the vensim software a language for defining qualitative and
   quantitative tests , and a facility for automatically executing the tests on
   a simulation model . such automatic tests are called reality check tests .
   these tests provide an explicit indication of model quality and an effective
   way of comparing models . copyright 1994 john wiley and sons , ltd .

---

UT 1090
AR Khan S/1, 2007, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL - L WATER ENV MANAG INTEGR
   SYST SUSTAIN PROC, P205
TI System dynamics analysis of a land based stream salinity management approach
AU Khan S/1; Ahmad A
TC 0
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL - L WATER ENV MANAG INTEGR SYST SUSTAIN PROC
PY 2007
AB in river plains , tributary streams generally carry rainfall runoff from
   catchments , escape water from irrigation areas and groundwater inflows .
   rainfall runoff from inland catchments and escape water from irrigated land
   areas are normally of low salinity as compared to that of groundwater
   inflows , for example in the murray river catchment the groundwater salinity
   can be as high as 50,000 s / cm . high salinity levels in the rivers are
   responsible for increasingly serious environmental , economic and social
   consequences in the downstream irrigated regions . preventive and remedial
   strategies are adopted to manage salt load in stream flows at the catchment
   and farm scales , particularly in dryland areas of australia . the aim of
   preventive strategies is to prevent further increase in salt load by
   decreasing discharges of salt from catchments and from rising watertables .
   the aim of remedial strategies is to decrease or at least stabilize salt
   load in flows and to manage agricultural saline wastewater discharges .
   catchment scale studies suggest that management of stream salinity require
   greater land use change than is economically viable . however , there has
   not been significant breakthrough in suggesting cost_effective farm scale
   stream salinity management alternatives , especially for irrigated areas .
   removal of saline water from the box creek stormwater escape channel ( sec )
   in the murray irrigation area by pumping into off_stream storage can improve
   the stream water quality . this paper presents an application of the system
   dynamics ( sd ) analysis of composite salinity of the storage water which is
   subjected to land based salinity management approach for contaminated waters
   . contaminated surface waters are now frequently treated using a series of
   vegetated wetlands where intense biological processing occurs . one option
   for managing inevitable drainage water is to sequentially use and re_use it
   to grow salt_tolerant crops while concentrating the drainage to a manageable
   level . this treatment system is known as the ' ' sequential biological
   concentration ( sbc ) ' ' . the results of sd iterative simulations of
   feedback mechanisms ( figure 1a ) involved in controlling the dynamics of
   storage and its salinity levels show that 330 ml storage will be sufficient
   to extract significant amount of salt loads from the creek and supply to the
   sbc system of 30 ha plot in the first stage of treatment . also it was found
   that the proposed sbc system is more efficient in terms of salts removed per
   unit volume of water extracted from the creek during the dry periods (
   2002_03 ) . this paper presents a scoping study for salinity management of
   the box creek sec receiving saline agricultural drainage through sbc setup
   simulated by system dynamics modeling . modsim 2007_international congress
   on modeling and simulation_land , water and environmental management :
   integrated systems for sustainability , proceedings . all rights reserved .
DE agricultural drainage; sequential biological concentration; stream salinity;
   system dynamics; vensim
ID agricultural robots; catchments; cost effectiveness; crops; economic and
   social effects; environmental management; groundwater; integrated control;
   irrigation; land use; rain; runoff; saline water; stream flow; sustainable
   development; system theory; water conservation; water management; water
   pollution; water quality; agricultural drainage; biological processing;
   contaminated surface water; groundwater salinities; iterative simulation;
   preventive strategies; stream water quality; system dynamics modeling;
   rivers

---

UT 1091
AR Deming Z, 2009, INT CONF BUS INTELL FINANC ENG BIFE, P519, DOI
   10.1109/BIFE.2009.123
TI Decision support model and simulation for knowledge transfer in innovation
   networks
AU Deming Z; Chuanrong W
TC 0
SO INT CONF BUS INTELL FINANC ENG BIFE
PY 2009
AB knowledge transfer is a very important activity in innovation networks . the
   factors in decision making of knowledge transfer are too complex to be
   considered fully in detail . based on the analysis of the cooperation of
   enterprises and research institutes in innovation networks , a causal graph
   and a decision support model are presented . the system dynamics based
   decision support model takes into account of many factors in knowledge
   transfer , and can analyze the importance of each factor easily . to test
   the efficiency of the model , it is realized by the well known software tool
   called vensim . a great deal of data from china statistical yearbooks are
   employed to test the predictive precision of the model . experimental
   results showed that the predicted results are in accordance with the actual
   data . as an application of the model , several suggestions on knowledge
   transfer decision making are deduced from the model . 2009 ieee .
DE decision making; innovation network; knowledge transfer; simulation; system
   dynamics
ID decision support systems; innovation; knowledge management; simulators;
   societies and institutions; system theory; causal graph; decision support
   models; innovation network; knowledge transfer; predictive precision;
   research institutes; simulation; software tool; system dynamics; decision
   making

---

UT 1092
AR Zhou Y, 2007, J BEIJING INST TECHNOL ENGL ED, V16, P53
TI Simulation study of enterprise performance improvement based on the system
   dynamics
AU Zhou Y; Zhang M-Q; Luo M
TC 0
SO J BEIJING INST TECHNOL ENGL ED
PY 2007
AB based on the graphic analysis of the correlations among the affecting
   factors in the enterprise performance improvement process , the system
   dynamics ( sd ) model of performance improvement is proposed with the help
   of vensim software . it was simulated by using the data from a textile
   company to get the ten years ' dynamic relationship between performance and
   the factors . the key factors testified in the simulation are the fixed
   assets investment and market condition which produce the significant impact
   on the performance improvement , while it is worse to invest excessive money
   in management , r and d , hr and informationization . it also proved that sd
   simulation is a valid method to find out and improve the positive factors of
   performance .
DE complex system; enterprise performance improvement; simulation; system
   dynamics
ID dynamic models; enterprise resource management; investments; large scale
   systems; marketing; complex system; enterprise performance improvement;
   system dynamics; industrial management

---

UT 1093
AR Campuzano-Bolarín F, 2010, DYNA, V85, P513, DOI 10.6036/3739
TI Traditional and collaborative supply chains.  Bullwhip effect analysis and
   other related costs; [Cadenas de suministro tradicionales y colaborativas.
   Análisis del efecto látigo y otros costes relacionados]
AU Campuzano-Bolarín F; Martínez-Caro E; Ros-McDonnell L
TC 0
SO DYNA
PY 2010
AB the bullwhip effect is one of the main causes of instability in the
   management demand process along the supply chain . nowadays there are
   different supply chain management structures based on collaboration among
   the companies which integrate the same chain . that collaboration may reduce
   the bullwhip effect . in this paper some of said structures are modeled and
   simulated under vensim software , in particular , vendor managed inventory (
   vmi ) and electronic point of sales ( epos ) . simulation results are
   compared to those offered by traditional supply chain . moreover these
   mentioned supply chain management models are built under systems dynamic
   methodology , which allow the manager to recreate different management
   scenarios and choose those which match with the company targets ( tactic or
   operative ones ) .
DE bullwhip effect; electronic point of sales ( epos ); logistics; simulation;
   supply chain management; systems dynamics; vendor managed inventory ( vmi )

---

UT 1094
AR Khan S, 2009, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V24, P1363, DOI 10.1016/j.envsoft.2007.06.006
TI Analysing complex behaviour of hydrological systems through a system
   dynamics approach
AU Khan S; Yufeng L; Ahmad A/1
TC 98
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2009
AB the interaction among various water cycle components consists of complex ,
   non_linear , and bidirectional ( interdependent ) biophysical processes
   which can be interpreted using feedback loops in a system dynamics ( sd )
   environment . this paper demonstrates application of an sd approach with two
   case studies using a specialized software tool , vensim . the first case
   study simulates water balance in a rice field system on a daily basis under
   aerobic conditions with provision of supplemental irrigation on demand . a
   physically based conceptual water balance model was developed and then
   implemented using vensim to simulate the processes that occur in the field
   water balance system including percolation , surface runoff , actual
   evapotranspiration , and capillary rise . the second case study simulates
   surface_groundwater dynamic interactions in an irrigation area where river
   water and groundwater are two key sources of irrigation . the modeled system
   encompasses dynamically linked processes including seepage from the river ,
   evaporation from a shallow watertable , groundwater storage , and lateral
   flow from upland to lowland areas . the model can be applied to simulate
   responses of different irrigation management scenarios , to develop
   strategies to improve water use efficiency and control watertable , to
   prevent salinization in upland , and to reduce the cost of groundwater
   abstraction in lowland areas . the discussed applications of the sd approach
   conclude that it helps to conceptualize and simulate complex and dynamic
   water system processes deterministically which are otherwise partly
   simulated by conventional hydrologic and stochastic modeling approaches . it
   is recognized that conceptualization and implementation phases of this
   approach are challenging , however , the latter is greatly assisted by
   modern computer softwares . 2007 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE aerobic rice; causal loop diagrams; china; dynamic simulation; groundwater;
   irrigation; salinity; soil water balance; surface-groundwater interaction;
   system dynamics; vensim
ID asia; china; eurasia; far east; computer simulation languages; diffusers (
   optical ); groundwater; hydrogeology; irrigation; landforms; research;
   salinity measurement; simulators; soil moisture; solvents; system theory;
   underwater soils; water conservation; water management; water supply; word
   processing; aerobic rice; causal loop diagrams; china; dynamic simulation;
   salinity; soil water balance; surface-groundwater interaction; system
   dynamics; vensim; groundwater flow; groundwater-surface water interaction;
   hydrodynamics; hydrological cycle; hydrological modeling; irrigation;
   lowland environment; paddy field; salinity; soil water; water budget; water
   storage; water table; hydraulic models

---

UT 1095
AR Long F, 2010, INT CONF MECH AUTOM CONTROL ENG MACE, P4781, DOI
   10.1109/MACE.2010.5536353
TI Study of the generation system of municipal plastics waste based on system
   dynamics model
AU Long F; Song B; Xia X; Xue L; Wang Q/3
TC 1
SO INT CONF MECH AUTOM CONTROL ENG MACE
PY 2010
AB in order to strengthen the management of municipal plastics waste , the
   amount , development trend and factors interactions of the generation should
   be studied . on the basis of studying the dynamic response relationship
   between the generation course and the ciety , economy and environment , this
   paper established a system dynamics model about the generation system of
   municipal plastics waste based on vensim software . using beijing as an
   example city , the simulations and prediction were conducted in scenarios
   the result of which was analyzed comprehensively , and the suggestions for
   the regulation and management of plastics waste were put forward . 2010 ieee
   .
DE plastics waste; scenario analysis; system dynamics
ID dynamic response; dynamics; elastomers; plastic products; plasticity; system
   theory; development trends; generation systems; plastics waste; scenario
   analysis; system dynamics; system dynamics model; waste management

---

UT 1096
AR Spector JM, 2001, COMPUT HUM BEHAV, V17, P517, DOI
   10.1016/S0747-5632(01)00025-5
TI Models and simulations for learning in complex domains: Using causal loop
   diagrams for assessment and evaluation
AU Spector JM; Christensen DL; Sioutine AV; McCormack D
TC 72
SO COMPUT HUM BEHAV
PY 2001
AB the aim of this paper is to describe issues related to interactivity and
   access to underlying models and representations in learning environments for
   complex domains . there is some evidence to suggest that system dynamics can
   be effectively used to promote understanding in complex domains [ e . g .
   davidsen , p . i . ( 1994a ) . implementing elements of system dynamics
   approach to organizational learning . proceedings of ess'94 , scs . ghent ,
   belgium . davidsen , p . i . ( 1994b ) . the systems dynamics approach to
   computer_based management learning environments : implications and their
   implementations in powersim . in j . d . w . morecroft , and j . d . sterman
   ( eds . ) , modeling for learning organizations , ( pp . 301_316 ) .
   portland : productivity press . davidsen , p . i . ( 1996 ) . educational
   features of the system dynamics approach to modeling and simulation .
   journal of structured learning , 12 ( 4 ) , 269_290. sterman , j . d.  (
   1988 ) . people express management flight simulator . cambridge , ma : sloan
   school of management . sterman , j . d.  ( 1994 ) . learning in and about
   complex systems . system dynamics review 10 ( 2/3 ) , 291_300. ] . however ,
   there is insufficient evidence to establish whether or not this is in fact
   the case . moreover , there has been little effort to address strategic
   design issues pertaining to the effective use of system dynamics in
   promoting learning in and about complex systems . this paper is an attempt
   to review the relevant conceptual issues in promoting learner engagement
   with appropriate and relevant representations for complex domains . a
   specific approach will be presented and defended , an elaboration example
   will be discussed , and early evaluation results will be reported . finally
   , a method for evaluating these environments and assessing individual
   progress will be defended . 2001 elsevier science ltd . all rights reserved
   .
DE causal loop mapping; cognitive mapping; complex learning; evaluation;
   interactivity; simulation-based learning; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; learning systems; logic design; systems analysis;
   cognitive mapping; system dynamics; computer supported cooperative work

---

UT 1097
AR Choi SO, 2005, TAEHAN KANHO HAKHOE CHI, V35, P323, DOI
   10.4040/jkan.2005.35.2.323
TI The development of an organizational socialization process model for new
   nurses using a system dynamics approach
AU Choi SO
TC 2
SO TAEHAN KANHO HAKHOE CHI
PY 2005
AB purpose : the purpose of this study was to examine the problems and relevant
   variables for effective organizational socialization of new nurses , to
   produce a causal map , to build up a simulation model and to test its
   validity . method : the basic data was collected from sep . 2002 to july
   2003 . the organizational socialization process of new nurses was analyzed
   through a model simulation . the vensim 5.0b dss program was used to develop
   the study model . result : this model shows interrelation of these result
   variables : organizational commitment , job satisfaction , job performance ,
   intention of leaving the work setting , decision making ability , and
   general results of organizational socialization . the model ' s factors are
   characteristic of organization and individual values , task_related
   knowledge and skills , and emotion and communication that affects new nurses
   ' socialization process . these elements go through processes of
   anticipatory socialization , encounter , change and acquisition . the model
   was devised to induce effective organizational socialization results within
   24 months of its implementation . the basic model is the most efficient and
   will also contribute to the development of knowledge in the body of nursing
   . conclusion : this study will provide proper direction for new nurse ' s
   organizational socialization . therefore , developing an organizational
   socialization process model is meaningful in a sense that it could provide a
   framework that could create effective organizational socialization for new
   nurses .
ID adult; female; humans; middle aged; models organizational; nurses;
   organizational culture; socialization; adult; article; female; human; middle
   aged; nonbiological model; nurse; organization; socialization

---

UT 1098
AR Lowry TS, 2007, RESTORING NAT HABITAT - PROC WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR,
   DOI 10.1061/40927(243)85
TI Multi-platform decision support system
AU Lowry TS; Tidwell VC; Pierce SA; Cain W; Dulay MM
TC 0
SO RESTORING NAT HABITAT - PROC WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR
PY 2007
AB the edwards aquifer is a karstic aquifer which discharges naturally to
   springs that support a number of endangered aquatic species . past and
   projected rates of development and urbanization are high as are the
   political stakes in managing regional growth and water resources in a
   sustainable manner . key issues involve how can development occur or what
   type of development is acceptable to maintain critical spring flows , water
   quality , maximum pumping from the aquifer , and environmental quality with
   intergenerational equity . we are developing a decision support system ( dss
   ) that links scientific and management models that incorporate community
   stakeholder input , optimization algorithms , and decision analysis tools .
   the texas water development board ' s groundwater availability model is the
   basis for the dss . we scale the distributed parameter model ( modflow )
   into a systems dynamics model ( powersim ) with links to socio_economic data
   and stakeholder preferences . key decision variables include : well
   distribution and pumping rates , impervious cover , water and sewage line
   distributions , and stream setbacks . key outputs include spring flow and
   water table declines in drought years . overcoming uncertainties in the
   relationships between land use , recharge , and aquifer performance is a
   significant challenge . understanding the interconnection between systems
   and hypothesis testing to bracket expected changes in recharge provide
   valuable information for groundwater management , which we are testing
   through stakeholder input , including narrative elicitation . the dss allows
   comparison of hypotheses about spatial recharge distributions and
   communication with decision makers in a timely , policy_relevant format that
   is compatible with texas policy for quantifying consensus and available
   yields . this research is being conducted at the university of texas at
   austin and sandia national laboratories . 2007 asce .
ID aquifers; artificial intelligence; availability; decision making; economic
   and social effects; groundwater resources; water quality; availability
   models; decision analysis tool; decision support system ( dss );
   distributed-parameter model; environmental quality; intergenerational
   equity; optimization algorithms; texas water development boards; decision
   support systems

---

UT 1099
AR Trygstad JC, 1993, PROC SPE EAST REG CONF EXHIB, P401, DOI 10.2523/26934-ms
TI Dynamic modeling of permeability and small-scale stratigraphy in a core plug
AU Trygstad JC
TC 0
SO PROC SPE EAST REG CONF EXHIB
PY 1993
AB system dynamics modeling of flow and rock textures might be helpful for
   testing hypotheses on changing flow capability of reservoir rock . it is
   desireable to be able to model changing rock textures and flow capability in
   the computer because most reservoir rock volume is located away from cored
   wells and is not accessible for direct observation and measurement . to use
   system dynamics modeling , a system must change over time . we know flow
   pathways change over time , because of diagenetic processes , and because of
   formation damage and production itself . system dynamics models are
   constructed by modeling assumptions about present conditions . system
   behavior , for example flow , is then simulated by changing certain specific
   conditions . when simulation results do not match our hypotheses , then
   either our hypotheses are wrong or our basic assumptions of the model are
   wrong . if simulation results mirror our expectations , then we have an
   effective model for communicating our assumptions and predictions to others
   . thus dynamic modeling tests our ideas and hypotheses , and it communicates
   these to others . because modeling is used in most disciplines , organizing
   geologic information in system dynamics format eases communication of
   geologic information across disciplines , presenting it explicitly . a
   dynamic model that demonstrates interactions among small_scale stratigraphy
   and flow parameters in a core plug is presented here . it was developed
   using commercially available stella software . in the core plug and in the
   model , diagenetic processes have modified depositional textures . data
   categories are organized into feedback loops according to suggested relative
   influences on each other . these influences are described by equations or
   'if_then ' statements .
ID computer simulation; computer software; flow of fluids; mechanical
   permeability; oil wells; petroleum reservoirs; rocks; textures; core plug;
   diagenetic processes; dynamic modeling; flow pathways; hypotheses; reservoir
   rock; software package stella; stratigraphy

---

UT 1100
AR Jurjević M, 2010, NASE, V57, P121
TI An approach to the analysis of dynamic characteristics of marine diesel
   engine cooling system; [Jedan pristup analizi dinamičkih karakteristika
   sustav hladenja dizelskoga motora]
AU Jurjević M; Jurjević N; Milić-Beran I
TC 0
SO NASE
PY 2010
AB the modern approach of the exploration of dynamic characteristic of elements
   or system of some device has been enabled by system dynamics . system
   dynamics is an excellent software system for studying the dynamic of the
   behavior of natural , technical and societal realities i . e . system of
   various natures and features in which there exist relatively high analogy
   rate . the methodology of its work , including even the use of digital
   computers has shown to be an efficient mean for solving the problems :
   management , behavior , sensitivity , flexibility and studying of dynamics
   of the behavior of the systems of high complexity by computer simulation ,
   in laboratory what means without danger for the realities observed . for the
   usage of system dynamics in the solution of complex problems , various
   complex knowledge from various scientific disciplines are required , but
   good knowledge of the nature of the problem itself , which is being analyzed
   . the paper has analyzed dynamic characteristic of cooling system in marine
   diesel engines by means of system dynamics . the cooling system of
   propulsion of mde is a complex system onto which various disorders act and
   due to their changeable act result into the changes of working temperature
   of mde . system dynamic approach in the analysis of mde enable us to obtain
   the answer to the question ' ' what if ... ' ' in other words we arrive at
   the solution what the reaction would be at the changes of any variable in
   the cooling system . the paper has shown : dynamic and static regime of work
   , mathematic model of the cooling system of mde , simulation model in
   powersim program language and diagrams of the flows of water .
DE cooling system; diesel engine propulsion; simulation
ID computer simulation; computer simulation languages; cooling; cooling
   systems; digital computers; dynamic analysis; marine engines; problem
   solving; propulsion; system theory; thermoelectric equipment; complex
   problems; complex systems; dynamic characteristics; marine diesel engines;
   mathematic model; scientific discipline; simulation; simulation model;
   software systems; system dynamics; what-if; working temperatures; computer
   simulation; cooling; diesel engine; software; diesel engines

---

UT 1101
AR Behara Ravi S, 1996, PROC ANNU MEET DECIS SCI INST, V3, P1581
TI Modeling the dynamics of service quality
AU Behara Ravi S
TC 0
SO PROC ANNU MEET DECIS SCI INST
PY 1996
AB service quality research has typically been dominated by a focus on
   addressing the detailed elements that comprise the construct . recent trends
   have begun to focus on the ' because and effect ' relationships that exist
   between the antecedents of service quality . this paper discusses the
   modeling of these interactions using a systems dynamics approach . the case
   for systems thinking and dynamic complexity in service quality is initially
   made . dynamic modeling is then discussed in the context of an insurance
   claims adjustment case . the model is developed using ithink software , a
   popular systems dynamics modeling tool .
ID computer simulation; computer software; industrial insurance; mathematical
   models; quality control; service quality; software package ithink; public
   relations

---

UT 1102
AR Lee JH, 2007, INT CONF CONVERG TECHNOL ICCIT, P1559, DOI
   10.1109/ICCIT.2007.4420476
TI IT service management case based simulation analysis & design: Systems
   dynamics approach
AU Lee JH; Han YS; Kim CH
TC 5
SO INT CONF CONVERG TECHNOL ICCIT
PY 2007
AB it service management ( itsm ) systems have been widely deployed within
   firms in the context of firms ' attempts to standardize firm it activities
   and processes . within newly developed or established it systems , itsm aims
   to improve systems ' responsiveness to unforeseen disturbances . this paper
   proposes using the study of system dynamics to analyze it management
   processes . we use the itsm / itil ( it infrastructure library ) model as a
   key reference in developing a simulation model in the terms of a commercial
   simulation tool , vensim . the current research demonstrates the feasibility
   of applying methods drawn from the study of system dynamism to it process
   management . through analyzing the dynamical characteristics of itsm
   processes in a real case , we propose a simulationbased case study concerned
   to evaluate rational policy under an uncertain environment . 2007 ieee .
DE case based simulation modeling and analysis; itsm; system dynamics
ID dynamics; technology; case based; case based simulation modeling and
   analysis; case-studies; dynamical characteristics; international
   conferences; it infrastructures; it management; it service management; it
   systems; itsm; process management; simulation analysis; simulation modeling;
   simulation tools; system dynamics; systems dynamics; uncertain environments;
   information technology

---

UT 1103
AR Sokolovska ZM, 2008, ACTUAL PROBL ECON, P238
TI Insurance companies' financial flows modeling
AU Sokolovska ZM; Klepikova OA
TC 0
SO ACTUAL PROBL ECON
PY 2008
AB the article carries out the insurance companies ' financial flows modeling .
   simulation models are built by means of the system dynamics method .
   simulation experiments are realized by means of ithink . analysis of the
   achieved results is carried out on certain parts of the model complex work .
DE financial flow; flow diagram; insurance payments; insurance premium;
   insurance reserve ( fund ); simulation model

---

UT 1104
AR Briano E, 2010, PROC - INT CONF ADV SYST SIMUL SIMUL, P40, DOI
   10.1109/SIMUL.2010.20
TI System Dynamics simulation as a decision support system for evaluating the
   impact of a new supermarket opening on urban traffic flows
AU Briano E; Caballini C; Revetria R; Schenone M; Testa A
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF ADV SYST SIMUL SIMUL
PY 2010
AB this work aims to analyze , with the system dynamics simulation , the
   impacts of a new supermarket opening in terms of the traffic flows in the
   surroundings of a determined urban zone , in order to help decision makers
   to find the most suitable area and the proper number of car parks and
   counters to satisfy a certain customer level service , avoiding high waiting
   times and , consequently , customer losses . among the different simulation
   methodologies , system dynamics has been chosen because it allows to
   properly model systems that continuously change over time , that are
   affected by time delays and whose variables depend on their conditions at
   the previous time step . traffic flow systems are included in this category
   of systems . moreover , the software used for simulation , powersim studiotm
   , allows the integration with gis ( geographic informative systems ) , which
   provides useful information on road mapping and users allocation . 2010 ieee
   .
DE dss-decision support systems; powersim studio software; simulation; system
   dynamics; traffic flows
ID artificial intelligence; computer simulation; decision making; decision
   support systems; decision theory; parks; retail stores; studios; system
   theory; traffic surveys; dss-decision support systems; powersim studio
   software; simulation; system dynamics; traffic flow; computer software

---

UT 1105
AR Zhang Z/1, 2010, PROC IEEE INT CONF INTELL SYST KNOWL ENG ISKE, P576, DOI
   10.1109/ISKE.2010.5680755
TI Modeling and simulation of teacher resources acquisition in colleges using
   system dynamics
AU Zhang Z/1; Liu Y; Song J/1
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF INTELL SYST KNOWL ENG ISKE
PY 2010
AB based on systems theory and control theory , the teacher resources
   acquisition process between society and university is depicted . system
   dynamics method is used to analyze the causality of teacher resources
   acquisition in universities . furthermore , a system dynamics model is
   established . vensim ple is used to simulate and test the validation and
   sensitivity of the model . the simulation results show that the model could
   fit the practical teacher resources acquisition in universities , and
   provide valid supporting for decisions in similar process . 2010 ieee .
DE casual loop diagram; simulation; system dynamics
ID education; intelligent systems; knowledge engineering; mergers and
   acquisitions; societies and institutions; system theory; acquisition
   process; casual loops; modeling and simulation; simulation; simulation
   result; system dynamics; system dynamics model; teacher resources; computer
   simulation

---

UT 1106
AR Zhang W-H, 2008, PROC - INT CONF INTELL COMPUT TECHNOL AUTOM ICICTA, V2,
   P482, DOI 10.1109/ICICTA.2008.83
TI Safety management of traffic accident scene based on system dynamics
AU Zhang W-H; Xu H-G; Wu B/1; Li S-Q
TC 5
SO PROC - INT CONF INTELL COMPUT TECHNOL AUTOM ICICTA
PY 2008
AB traffic system is a dynamic complicated one which is constituted of some
   factors . traffic accident will happen if these factors mismatch with each
   other . safety level of traffic accident scene affects occurrence rate of
   secondary accident . in order to evaluate safety level of traffic accident
   scene , prevent from secondary accident happening and protect the policemen
   , crowds by the scene and party of accidents , studying safety management of
   traffic accident scene is essential . it was shown that four factors
   influenced safety management of traffic accident scene , which were human
   factor , vehicle factor , road and environment factor and management factor
   . and it put forwards the graph of system causality and flowchart of safety
   according to the theory of system dynamics . according to the statistical
   data , expert scoring , and dynamic simulation via vensim_ple , the safety
   level of traffic accident scene was forecasted . in despite of the same
   investment in every factor , but influences to safety level of traffic
   accident scene were different . human factor was the most prominent ,
   vehicle factor was the least . results provides the scientific reference to
   the traffic managers and transactors in accident scene . 2008 ieee .
ID accidents; dynamics; human engineering; and environments; dynamic
   simulations; expert scoring; human factors; safety levels; safety
   managements; scene based; statistical datums; system dynamics; traffic
   accidents; traffic managers; traffic systems; safety factor

---

UT 1107
AR He X/1, 2010, ICINA - INT CONF NETW AUTOM PROC, V2, PV2322, DOI
   10.1109/ICINA.2010.5636499
TI Notice of Retraction: System Dynamics analysis of the formation of
   corporation network
AU He X/1; Liu Y/5; Wu Y/5; Yan F
TC 0
SO ICINA - INT CONF NETW AUTOM PROC
PY 2010
AB we analyze the internal causes and external causes of the formation of
   corporation network by system dynamics . first , we give flowchart of
   corporation network operation . secondly , we simulate the characters and
   rules of the formation and operation of corporation network by vensim .
   thirdly , we conclude that the corporation network will form and maximize
   its efficiency under the effect of organization ' s internal restriction and
   external environment . the network culture , the network coordination degree
   and the technology innovation have great effects on the network efficiency ,
   but the change of market is not so closely relevant to it . 2010 ieee .
DE corporation network; flowchart; system dynamics
ID efficiency; corporation network; dynamics analysis; external cause; external
   environments; flowchart; internal cause; its efficiencies; network
   coordinations; network operations; system dynamics; flowcharting

---

UT 1108
AR Cai S, 2010, INT CONF E-PROD E-SERV E-ENTERTAIN ICEEE, DOI
   10.1109/ICEEE.2010.5660682
TI Analysis the application of system dynamics theory in modeling appliance
   recycling reverse logistics system
AU Cai S; Xiao S; Shi Y/1; Xu Z/1
TC 0
SO INT CONF E-PROD E-SERV E-ENTERTAIN ICEEE
PY 2010
AB today ' s society attach importance to low_carbon environmental protection ,
   recycling waste home appliances emerge gradually under the constraints of
   the producer ' s lifetime responsibility system . many large_scale
   household_manufacturers focus more on the appliance recycling reverse
   logistics system , and the recycling logistics model itself also attracts
   more and more attention in the aspect of modeling and simulation . based on
   the analysis based on the principles of system dynamics , with the existing
   research appliance recycling reverse logistics model result , analyzes the
   application of theory of system dynamics in reverse logistics modeling and
   simulation . using the modeling software visualization tools_vensim examples
   introduces the basic method of drawing the flow diagram which is the basic
   form of system dynamics modeling . 2010 ieee .
DE appliance recycling reverse logistics; flow diagram; system dynamics ( sd );
   system dynamics ( sd ) modeling
ID computer simulation; domestic appliances; flowcharting; recycling; system
   theory; visualization; flow diagram; home appliances; logistics model; low
   carbon; modeling and simulation; modeling softwares; recycling wastes;
   reverse logistics; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; logistics

---

UT 1109
AR Luan W, 2010, CHIN GEOGR SCI, V20, P398, DOI 10.1007/s11769-010-0413-5
TI Simulating mechanism of interaction between ports and cities based on system
   dynamics: A case of Dalian, China
AU Luan W; Chen H; Wang Y/2
TC 14
SO CHIN GEOGR SCI
PY 2010
AB port_city system is a complex and integral system , and it can be simulated
   by system dynamic method , which is used to be employed to solve nonlinear
   problems . based on the causality of the every element in the port_city
   system , the authors analyzed the feedback relation and logical relation
   among the system variables and system structure . a system_dynamic flow
   chart and correlation equations were put forward with vensim software , the
   quantitative relation was described , and the model was debugged . the
   development trend of the main influence factors in port_city system was
   simulated . by changing the parameters values of variables in the model , we
   studied the influence degree of each related factor . it is found that : 1 )
   foreign trade throughput of port play an important role in the development
   of export_oriented economy . 2 ) the development of primary industry and
   secondary industry affects most of the water transportation demand . with
   the constant increase of tertiary industry proportion in the industrial
   structure , the demand of national economy for water transportation
   decreases gradually . 3 ) water transportation presents a kind of oversupply
   development situation , so port construction should properly slow down . 4 )
   with the development of ports , its direct and indirect contribution to
   urban economy has been continuously increasing , but contribution rate will
   be continuously decreasing . science press , northeast institute of
   geography and agroecology , cas and springer_verlag 2010 .
DE china; dalian; port city; system dynamics

---

UT 1110
AR Shatkin JA, 1991, ENV RES, V56, P90, DOI 10.1016/S0013-9351(05)80112-4
TI Pharmacokinetics of the dermal route of exposure to volatile organic
   chemicals in water: A computer simulation model
AU Shatkin JA; Brown HS
TC 53
SO ENV RES
PY 1991
AB a kinetic model of dermal absorption of nonpolar organic nonelectrolytes in
   dilute aqueous solutions is described . the model uses systems dynamics
   stella software and is designed for a macintosh computer . the model assumes
   the outer stratum corneum layer of skin to be the rate_determining barrier
   to dermal absorption and assumes that both stratum corneum and viable
   epidermal layers have storage capacity for lipophilic solutes . the model
   predicts between 30 and 94 % of experimental results with humans under the
   same conditions . the degree of departure between experimental and
   theoretical results is inversely related to the solutes ' s octanol / water
   partition coefficient , which is consistent with the most recently
   hypothesized mechanisms of transport of molecules across the dermal barrier
   . the model has potentially useful applications for risk assessment if used
   within its defined limits . 1991 academic press , inc . all rights reserved
   .
ID computer simulation; epidermis; humans; microcomputers; models biological;
   skin; skin absorption; software; solutions; volatilization; water pollutants
   chemical; computer software; organic chemicals; chloroform; ethylbenzene;
   phenol; styrene; tetrachloroethylene; toluene; trichloroethylene; volatile
   organic compound; computer simulation modeling; dermal absorption; dilute
   aqueous solution; kinetic models; model use; non-polar; organic
   nonelectrolytes; stratum corneum; system dynamics; volatile organic
   chemicals; computer model; environmental exposure; human; parameter;
   pharmacokinetics; review; skin absorption; risk assessment

---

UT 1111
AR Gastélum JR, 2009, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V23, P1519, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-008-9339-4
TI A decision support system to improve water resources management in the
   conchos basin
AU Gastélum JR; Valdés JB; Stewart S
TC 52
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2009
AB the conchos basin is the largest tributary to the lower part of the rio
   grande / rio bravo basin . during recent years a severe drought has affected
   mexico ' s ability to deliver water from the conchos basin as required by
   the 1944 treaty . in addition , it has generated not only economic problems
   in the usa and mexico but also political frictions between these two
   countries . the mexican conchos river has historically contributed with the
   highest amount of water to usa as established on the water treaty . a
   decision support system ( dss ) was developed for the conchos basin in order
   to gain a better understanding of the water resources management process in
   the basin , and to identify the alternatives to improve the cited process .
   the dss is a semi_distributed model , based on system dynamics , and
   developed using powersim software . the dss has been used to evaluate 25
   long and short tem water resources allocation alternatives for the two main
   basin ' s users : irrigation districts and water treaty . some of the most
   important factors being tested on the 25 water management alternatives
   include national commission of water ' s yearly water allocation policy ,
   reservoir operation rules , improvement on water distribution efficiencies ,
   etc . the dss model shows that the historic water resources allocation
   implemented by the federal government produces adequate results as compared
   with the other tested water management alternatives . however , for short
   term drought scenarios , it is showed that there could be other management
   alternatives that could perform better than the current water management
   allocation . in general , the dss shows what we already expect of dynamic
   models of systems to provide that understanding the effects of multiple
   interacting variables in necessary to develop good natural resource
   management policies . springer science+business media b.v.  2008 .
DE irrigation districts; simulation; system dynamics; water resources
   management; water treaty
ID chihuahua; mexico [ north america ]; north america; rio conchos basin; rio
   grande [ north america ]; artificial intelligence; computer software;
   decision making; decision support systems; decision theory; drought;
   dynamics; irrigation; knowledge management; reservoir management; resource
   allocation; water management; water supply; economic problems; federal
   governments; irrigation districts; natural resource managements; reservoir
   operations; semi-distributed models; short terms; simulation; system
   dynamics; tem; water allocations; water distribution efficiencies; water
   resources management; basin management; computer simulation; decision
   support system; drought; irrigation system; numerical model; river basin;
   software; tributary; water planning; water relations; reservoirs ( water )

---

UT 1112
AR Tireli E, 2008, INT CONF MODEL APPL SIMUL MAS HELD INT MEDITERR MODEL
   MULTICONFERENCE I3M, P198
TI Application of simulation modelling to the ship steam boiler system
AU Tireli E; Dvornik J/1; Dvornik S
TC 0
SO INT CONF MODEL APPL SIMUL MAS HELD INT MEDITERR MODEL MULTICONFERENCE I3M
PY 2008
AB the purpose of this paper is to present the efficiency of the application of
   the system dynamics simulation modeling ( system dynamics modeling_jay
   forrester_mit ) in investigating the behavior dynamics of the ship steam
   boiler . the ship steam boiler is presented in powersim simulation language
   through mental_verbal , structural and mathematical_computer models . in
   addition to the mathematical model for the marine steam boiler , we have as
   well presented the mathematical model for the feed water heater that is
   fitted in the system . these models serve as a basis for qualitative and
   quantitative simulation models for complex systems .
DE continuous and discrete simulation; ship steam boiler; simulation modeling
ID computer simulation; mathematical models; computer models; continuous and
   discrete simulation; marine steam boiler; quantitative simulation; steam
   boiler; system dynamics modeling; system dynamics simulation; ships

---

UT 1113
AR Dvornik J, 2007, PROC IASTED INT CONF MODEL IDENT CONTROL MIC, P105
TI Simulation modelling and heuristic optimization of the ship steam boiler
AU Dvornik J; Dvornik S
TC 7
SO PROC IASTED INT CONF MODEL IDENT CONTROL MIC
PY 2007
AB the aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamic simulation modeling ( system dynamics modeling_jay forrester_mit [ 1
   ] ) at investigating performance dynamics of the marine steam boiler .
   marine steam boiler is a complex non_linear system which needs to be
   systematically investigated as a unit consisting of a number of subsystems
   and elements , which are linked by because_effect ( upv ) feedback loops (
   kpd ) , both within the system and with the relevant surrounding . in this
   paper the authors will present the efficient application of scientific
   methods for the research of complex dynamic systems called qualitative and
   quantitative simulation system dynamics methodology , which will allow for
   production and use of higher number and kinds of simulation models of the
   observed elements , and finally allow for the continuous computer simulation
   , which will significantly contribute to acquisition of new information
   about the non_linear character of performance dynamics of marine steam
   boilers in the process of designing and education . marine steam boiler will
   be presented in powersim simulation language in verbal , structural and
   mathematical computer models .
DE continuous and discrete simulation; marine steam boiler; simulation
   modeling; system dynamics
ID boiler control; boilers; computational methods; computer simulation;
   computer simulation languages; computer systems; dynamics; identification (
   control systems ); linear systems; nonlinear systems; steam; complex dynamic
   systems; computer models; continuous and discrete simulation; feedback
   loops; heuristic optimizations; marine steam boiler; marine steam boilers;
   performance dynamics; quantitative simulations; scientific methods;
   simulation languages; simulation modeling; simulation models; steam boilers;
   sub-systems; system dynamics; marine boilers

---

UT 1114
AR Bleda M, 2008, ECOL ECON, V66, P517, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2007.10.021
TI The dynamics of belief in climate change and its risks in business
   organisations
AU Bleda M; Shackley S
TC 51
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2008
AB this paper presents a simulation model of the formation of the belief in
   climate change of a business organization using a systems dynamics approach
   . understanding how businesses form their belief on the issue of climate
   change is of paramount importance given the key role of beliefs and
   cognitive characteristics in the triggering and shaping of organizational
   adaptation processes . the main assumption of the model is that the dynamics
   of belief is driven by the perceived actual and potential changes in
   competitiveness as a consequence of climate impacts rather than by the
   growth of an ecological ' business conscience ' . the model has been built
   using the stella software program , and it is based upon theoretical
   hypotheses drawn from behavioral studies of organizations and evolutionary
   theories of economic change . 2007 elsevier b.v . all rights reserved .
DE adaptive capacity; climate change; dynamics of belief formation;
   organizations; simulation modeling
ID business; climate change; climate effect; cognition; economic reform;
   modeling; organizational change; perception; software; theoretical study

---

UT 1115
AR ElMahdi A, 2005, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK
   PROC, P196
TI System dynamics optimisation approach to irrigation demand management
AU ElMahdi A; Malano H; Etchells T; Khan S/1
TC 16
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC
PY 2005
AB significant problems of water shortage and deteriorating water quality are
   contributing to a growing water crisis in many countries . this situation
   requires creative solutions to achieve sustainable resource management . in
   the murrumbidgee river basin , irrigation extraction and land clearing have
   had major impacts on the river environment ( dlwc 1995 ) . irrigation demand
   has changed the natural flow regime of the river which has induced
   significant environmental changes . increased demands for water have led to
   reduced river flows and a reversal of the seasonal flow patterns . finding
   ways to meet irrigation demands and also achieve positive environmental and
   economic outcomes requires the aid of modeling tools to analyze the impact
   of alternative policy scenarios . these scenarios seek to assess the impact
   of options for the allocation of limited water resources between
   agricultural production and the environment . this paper presents a novel
   approach for optimizing these objectives by combining system dynamics and
   constrained linear objective optimization approaches . the network
   simulation optimization model nsom has been coupled with a linear
   programming mathematical algorithm that includes the system constraints .
   the model uses an economic rationale ( i . e . a farmer ' s economic
   decision to maximize the gross margin per megalitre ) that involves
   assessing alternative cropping mixes and selecting the crop mix that
   maximizes the net return and minimizes water used . the optimization results
   from this model have been compared with results from a commercial linear
   programming solver to verify the capabilities of vensimtm optimizer . the
   comparison shows that vensimtm optimizer does achieve the same results .
   this paper concludes that system dynamic optimization approach is a useful
   tool for irrigation companies and catchment managers to evaluate alternative
   river system management scenarios . in particular , nsom has the capability
   to compare the simulation and optimization dynamic results synchronized in
   time for each variable involved in the model . in general based on a
   preliminary analysis , it is shown that selecting the appropriate crop mix
   could have positive impacts and benefits for irrigation deliveries and
   environmental flow . further research is required to test , calibrate the
   nsom model with actual data and study multi_objectives optimization .
DE agricultural management; crop allocation; dynamic modeling; optimization;
   water management
ID catchments; computer simulation; crops; irrigation; linear programming; near
   field scanning optical microscopy; optimization; rivers; system theory;
   water cooling systems; water management; water quality; water supply;
   agricultural robots; catchments; constrained optimization; crops;
   irrigation; linear programming; near field scanning optical microscopy;
   rivers; system theory; water cooling systems; water management; water
   quality; agricultural management; agricultural productions; creative
   solutions; crop mix; dynamic modeling; economic decisions; environmental
   change; environmental flow; gross margin; land clearing; linear programming
   solvers; mathematical algorithms; modeling tools; multiobjective; natural
   flow regime; net return; network simulation; objective optimization;
   optimization; optimizations; optimizers; policy scenario; preliminary
   analysis; river basins; river environment; river flow; river systems;
   sustainable resource management; system constraints; system dynamics; water
   crisis; water shortages; agricultural productions; environmental change;
   linear programming solvers; mathematical algorithms; objective optimization;
   preliminary analysis; river system managements; sustainable resource
   management; decision making; decision making

---

UT 1116
AR de Souza Robert, 1996, PROC IEEE INT CONF SYST MAN CYBERN, V2, P1253
TI Comparison of modelling paradigms for manufacturing line
AU de Souza Robert; Huynh Richard; Chandrashekar Muthu; Thevenard Didier
TC 8
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF SYST MAN CYBERN
PY 1996
AB the paper presents different approaches to simulation of a manufacturing
   line , namely the discrete event , system dynamics and graph theoretic
   approach . the modeling approaches are applicable to manufacturing as well
   as other systems . a software package called prosim has been developed at
   the university of waterloo ( uw ) , canada for continuous system simulation
   . in this paper , we compare prosim with two other commercially available
   software packages , arena and ithink , using an example of a manufacturing
   line . the results obtained are in excellent agreement . the software
   packages and actual line are used as a research and teaching resource in the
   design research center at the nanyang technological university ( ntu ) ,
   singapore .
ID computer simulation; computer software; cost effectiveness; graph theory;
   graphical user interfaces; process control; systems analysis; discrete
   event; manufacturing line; manufacture

---

UT 1117
AR Luo YF, 2005, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC,
   P1860
TI Modeling the water balance for aerobic rice: A system dynamics approach
AU Luo YF; Khan S/1; Cui YL; Feng YH; Li YL
TC 3
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC
PY 2005
AB a field soil water balance model is developed for non_ponded ' ' aerobic
   rice ' ' in north china plain . increasing water scarcity necessitates the
   development of irrigated rice systems that require less water than
   traditional flooded rice . the aerobic rice is an effort to save water in
   response to growing worldwide water scarcity with the pressure to reduce
   water use and increase water productivity in irrigated agriculture . aerobic
   rice is not ponded and irrigated similar to other crops and is suitable for
   water_scarce environments and can stand being periodically flooded . in any
   water harvesting and recycling systems , accurate estimation of different
   water balance components in a cropped field is essential to achieve
   effective use of limited irrigation water . soil water balance models are
   helpful to develop appropriate strategies for efficient management of
   irrigation water . the conceptual model is firstly presented . based on the
   analysis and integration of existing information available on hydraulic
   processes occurring in an aerobic rice field , this paper outlines the
   general components of the water balance . the hydraulic dynamics is analyzed
   from the feedback relations among the components ( figure 1 ) . referring to
   existing knowledge and information , the model is formulated using
   mathematical equations and implemented using the vensim simulation tool .
   the model simulates various water balance components such as actual
   evapotranspiration , percolation , surface runoff , and capillary rise in
   the field on a daily basis . the model parameters are validated with the
   observed experimental field data from huibei irrigation station , kaifeng .
   a statistical test ( t_test ) is carried out to determine the significance
   between the observed and simulated values of the parameters and the results
   show that the simulated and observed values are the same at 95 % confidence
   level . the r2 are found to be high and root mean square error low . thus
   the presented model can perform the simulation of soil water balance system
   for aerobic rice . ( figure presented ) the system dynamics technique proved
   to be an efficient approach for the simulation of a complex water resource
   system . its merits include the increased speed of model development , ease
   of model improvement , ease of model improvement and its inherent
   flexibility and transparency . scenarios , other than those treatments
   simulated in this study are being evaluated ( not reported in this study )
   by using the existing framework .
DE aerobic rice; soil water balance; system dynamics
ID climate models; computer simulation; decision making; geologic models;
   hydraulics; irrigation; mean square error; plants ( botany ); runoff; soil
   moisture; solvents; statistical tests; system theory; wastewater
   reclamation; water conservation; water management; water supply;
   agricultural robots; climate models; decision making; floods; irrigation;
   mean square error; plants ( botany ); soil moisture; solvents; system
   theory; water conservation; water management; water supply; accurate
   estimation; actual evapotranspiration; aerobic rice; capillary rise;
   conceptual model; confidence levels; field data; field soil; flooded rice;
   hydraulic dynamics; hydraulic process; inherent flexibility; irrigated
   agriculture; irrigated rice; irrigation waters; limited irrigations;
   mathematical equations; model development; model parameters; north china
   plain; recycling systems; root mean square errors; simulation tool; soil
   water balance; soil water balance model; surface runoffs; system dynamics;
   system dynamics approach; system dynamics technique; water balance; water
   balance components; water harvesting; water productivity; water resource
   systems; water scarcity; water use; actual evapotranspiration; mathematical
   equations; root mean square errors; soil water balance model; system
   dynamics approach; system dynamics technique; water balance components;
   water resource systems; water recycling; water recycling

---

UT 1118
AR Duan A, 2008, PROC IEEE INT CONF SERV OPER LOGIST INFORMATICS IEEE/SOLI, V1,
   P1449, DOI 10.1109/SOLI.2008.4686629
TI The research ofthe city transportation development ecological carrying
   capacity based on the system dynamics
AU Duan A; Yang J
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF SERV OPER LOGIST INFORMATICS IEEE/SOLI
PY 2008
AB to study the relations between the transportation development and ecological
   environment may has the vital significance to the transportation
   long_enduring development . the domestic and foreign research about
   transportation development ecological carrying capacity has been mentioned
   when studies the region ecological carrying capacity , on which has not
   specially concentrated research . the paper elaborates the implication of
   the city transportation development ecological carrying capacity , unifying
   the definition and the characteristic of ecological carrying capacity . in
   view of the city transportation development actuality , the development of
   urban transportation system is divided into five subsystems . the system
   dynamics analysis method has been carried on the structure analysis to the
   city transportation development ecological carrying capacity . simulation
   software ' ' vensim ' ' is used to analyze each subsystem and get the
   feedback loop . then sd equation of each subsystem is established . finally
   , in example analysis , applying the relevant statistical data in wuhan city
   to the sd equation , the ecological carrying capacity development tendency
   of each subsystem is simulated . the research would have a referenced role
   to the city transportation coordinated development within the scope of the
   ecological carrying capacity . 2008 ieee .
DE city; ecological carrying capacity; simulate; system dynamics;
   transportation
ID diffusers ( optical ); dynamics; transportation; city; ecological carrying
   capacity; ecological environments; feedback loops; simulate; simulation
   softwares; statistical datums; structure analysis; sub-systems; system
   dynamics; urban transportation systems; ecology

---

UT 1119
AR Tireli E, 2006, POMOSRTVO, V20, P113
TI A contribution to the development of the marine steam turbine in load
   conditions; [Doprinos razvoju modela brodske parne turbine u uvjetima
   opterećenja]
AU Tireli E; Dvornik J/2
TC 0
SO POMOSRTVO
PY 2006
AB the aim of this paper is to present the successful application of the system
   dynamics simulation modeling in the research carried on the performance
   dynamics of the marine steam turbine in load conditions , and in this very
   example at load of a marine synchronous generator . the marine steam turbine
   at load of a synchronous generator is a complex non_linear system , which
   needs to be systematically researched into as a unit consisting of a number
   of subsystems and elements , which are linked by because_effect ( ce )
   feedback loops ( fbl ) , both within the propulsion system and with the
   relevant environment . the authors of this paper aim at presenting the
   efficient application of the scientific methods used in the research of the
   complex dynamic systems called system dynamics qualitative and quantitative
   simulation methodology , which will make the production and use of a larger
   number and a variety of simulation models of the observed elements possible
   , thus enabling the continuous computer simulation , which will
   significantly contribute to the acquisition of new information about the
   non_linear character of the turbine and generator system performance
   dynamics in the designing and education process . the marine steam turbine
   will be presented by a set of non_linear differential equations , after
   which mental and verbal structural models and flowcharts in the system
   dynamics symbols [ 1 and 2 ] will be worked out , and the performance
   dynamics in load conditions will be simulated in the powersim simulation
   language [ 5 ] .
DE simulation and heuristic optimization; simulation modeling; steam turbine;
   synchronous generator
ID marine technology; optimization; performance assessment; simulation; turbine

---

UT 1120
AR Vanclay JK, 2006, ECOL MANAG, V233, P295, DOI 10.1016/j.foreco.2006.05.020
TI Spatially-explicit competition indices and the analysis of mixed-species
   plantings with the Simile modelling environment
AU Vanclay JK
TC 33
SO ECOL MANAG
PY 2006
AB individual_based modeling and analysis of forest experiments has been made
   more accessible to researchers with the advent of modeling environments like
   simile from www . simulistics . com . individual_based analyzes of tree
   growth data offer insights not possible with plot_based analyzes ,
   especially when the original experimental design has been compromised by
   mortality or other unforeseen events . the paper illustrates how simile can
   be used for individual_based analyzes of mixed plantings , and how it can be
   used to explore the consequences of the resulting statistical models . a
   mixed_species planting of eucalyptus pellita and acacia peregrina is used to
   illustrate possibilities . 2006 elsevier b.v . all rights reserved .
DE acacia; distance-dependent competition index; eucalyptus; individual-based
   modeling; mixed-species; powersim; simile; stella; systems dynamics; vensim
ID acacia; eucalyptus; forestry; mathematical models; plants; acacia; acacia
   peregrina; eucalyptus; eucalyptus pellita; computer simulation; mathematical
   models; plants ( botany ); competition ( ecology ); evergreen tree;
   experimental design; growth rate; individual-based model; mixed forest;
   mortality; plantation forestry; shrub; powersim; simile; systems dynamics;
   vensim; forestry

---

UT 1121
AR Campuzano-Bolarín F, 2010, DYNA, V85, P31
TI Traditional and collaborative supply chains.  Analysis of its infl uence on
   the demand variability management; [Cadenas de suministro tradicionales y
   colaborativas: Análisis de su inflfl uencia en la gestin de la variabilidad
   de la demanda]
AU Campuzano-Bolarín F; Martínez-Caro E; Ros-McDonell L
TC 1
SO DYNA
PY 2010
AB nowadays there are different structures of supply chain management based on
   collaboration among the companies which belong to the same chain . this work
   deeply analyzes the advantages and disadvantages of using these structures ,
   in particular , vendor managed inventory ( vmi ) and electronic point of
   sales ( epos ) compared to the traditional supply chain . moreover , it
   devises several models of supply chain management , developed using the
   dynamic systems methodology , where the structures are shaped and simulated
   by the vensim ? software . these models are an efficient tool to recreate
   different management backgrounds , which fit a greater or lesser extent with
   business objectives ( tactical or operational ) as proposed . in that way ,
   analyzing the variations of the bullwhip effect , as the main causes of
   instabilities in the demand process management along the supply chain , will
   be possible .
DE bullwhip effect; electronic point of sales ( epos ); logistics; supply chain
   management; systems dynamics; vendor managed inventory ( vmi )

---

UT 1122
AR Pan N-H, 2009, J CICHE, V21, P247
TI A study of system dynamic based FPLM supply chain model
AU Pan N-H; Lin C-H; Chan K-Y
TC 0
SO J CICHE
PY 2009
AB fplm which will be implemented successfully or not involves lots of factors
   , such as production facilities , circulation planning of the precast
   factory , elongation of pre_stress , etc . every factor affects each other
   and the influence will result in difficulties of cost estimation ,
   production and launching performance . with the progress of the construction
   , the procurement behavior of the pre_cast factory from its raw materials
   suppliers exhibits a dynamic change . this study aims to explore the
   behavior pattern of the supply chain starting from materials procurement ,
   processing , final production of box girder to launching engineering .
   furthermore , the method adopted in this study is a breakthrough from the
   traditional way of static thinking mode into a concept of dynamic feedback
   loop of system dynamics . a supply chain model established by utilizing a
   system dynamic software , ' ' powersim ' ' will thus provide the decision
   maker with a computer aided tool to simplify complicated mathematic
   calculation and enables the users to make fast simulation and decisions .
   finally , by performing a sensitivity analysis on various influential
   factors of the system model , this study intends to find the key factors
   which pose more influence on the system , and to further explore the degree
   of influence the key factors have on the completion date and the cost of the
   project .
DE fplm; project management; system dynamic
ID computer software; launching; model structures; project management;
   sensitivity analysis; simulators; supply chain management; supply chains;
   behavior patterns; box girder; computer aided tools; cost estimations;
   decision makers; dynamic changes; dynamic feedback; fast simulation;
   influential factors; key factors; materials procurement; pre-cast; pre-
   stress; pre-cast factories; production facility; project management system;
   supply chain models; system dynamics; system models; thinking modes; cost
   benefit analysis

---

UT 1123
AR O’regan B, 2002, SIMUL, V78, P362, DOI 10.1177/0037549702078006574
TI Investment Decisions of International Mining Firms: Policy Approaches
AU O’regan B; Moles R
TC 1
SO SIMUL
PY 2002
AB the tools and techniques of system dynamics method are applied to the
   complex problem of understanding those factors that affect the flow of
   international mineral investment funds . the main deliverable is a
   simulation model developed in powersim in the system dynamics tradition .
   the model , comprising more than 180 variables , provides a means of
   examining the effectiveness of varied environmental , fiscal , and corporate
   policies on the flow of investment funds and mineral resources among a
   number of simulated mining firms and competing countries . 2002 , sage
   publications . all rights reserved .
DE decisions; environmental policy; mining; simulation model; system dynamics
ID calculations; computer simulation; environmental protection; international
   law; investments; mineral exploration; mineral industry; public policy;
   sensitivity analysis; environmental policy; investment decision; software
   package powersim; system dynamics method; mining laws and regulations

---

UT 1124
AR Kang KM, 2005, RELIAB ENG SYST SAF, V87, P211, DOI
   10.1016/j.ress.2004.04.014
TI A quantitative assessment of LCOs for operations using system dynamics
AU Kang KM; Jae M
TC 24
SO RELIAB ENG SYST SAF
PY 2005
AB limiting conditions for operations ( lcos ) define the allowed outage times
   ( aots ) and the actions to be taken if the repair can not be completed
   within the aot . typically plant shutdown is required . in situations where
   the risk associated with the action , i . e . the risk of plant shutdown
   given a failure of the safety system , may be substantial , a strategy is
   needed to control the plant risk . in this study the changing operation
   modes are evaluated quantitatively and dynamically using the tool of system
   dynamics . system dynamics has been developed to analyze the dynamic
   reliability of a complicated system . system dynamics using the vensim
   software have been applied to lcos assessment for an example system , the
   auxiliary feed water system of a reference nuclear power plant . analysis
   results of both full power operation and shutdown operation have been
   compared for a measure of core damage frequency . the increase in core
   damage frequency is used as a measure in this study . a time dependent
   framework developed in this study has been shown to be very flexible in that
   it can be applied to assess lcos quantitatively under any operational
   context of the technical specifications in final safety analysis report of
   the reference plant . 2004 elsevier ltd . all rights reserved .
DE limiting conditions for operations; probabilistic risk assessment; system
   dynamics; technical specifications
ID computer software; mathematical models; nuclear power plants; plant
   shutdowns; probability; reliability; risk assessment; limiting conditions
   for operations ( loc ); probabilistic risk assessment; system dynamics;
   technical specifications; systems analysis

---

UT 1125
AR Yeh S-C, 2006, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V21, P937, DOI 10.1016/j.envsoft.2005.04.005
TI Simulation of soil erosion and nutrient impact using an integrated system
   dynamics model in a watershed in Taiwan
AU Yeh S-C; Wang C-A; Yu H-C
TC 32
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2006
AB in recent years , erosion , sediment , and nutrient pollution have become
   issues of major concern in taiwan . keelung river , as it flows across the
   taipei metropolitan area , is one of the most important rivers with regard
   to these issues . this research aims to compute and simulate erosion ,
   sediment yield , and resulting nutrient pollution , together with related
   economic factors . related physical models were programmed using a system
   dynamics software package vensim , for convenience in scenario designs and
   simulations . gis software arcview was employed to integrate digitized
   themes that contain data necessary for further computation and applications
   . excel was also used to link arcview and vensim and made an interactive
   computational model . five submodels , i . e . , the soil erosion model ,
   the sediment transportation model , the runoff model , the nutrient model ,
   and the economic model , were included in this integrated model . through
   this model , it was estimated that , according to the hydrological and
   geographical data from last five years , the total annual amounts of soil
   erosion , sediment yield , and nutrient load are 292,327 tons , 101,661 tons
   , and 1428 tons , respectively . these results can be compared with those
   derived from models in other researches . as the model in this research was
   driven by a system dynamics core , scenario simulations can be carried out
   based on various combinations of system parameters . this offers the model
   additional flexibility and applicability . 2005 elsevier ltd . all rights
   reserved .
DE excel; gis; nutrient; scenario simulation; sediment transportation; soil
   erosion; system dynamics; taiwan; vensim
ID asia; eurasia; far east; keelung river; taiwan; computer simulation; data
   acquisition; erosion; geographic information systems; mathematical models;
   sediment transport; sediments; digitization; dynamic analysis; economic
   impact; estimation method; gis; hydrology; model test; nutrient dynamics;
   pollution; simulation; software; soil erosion; watershed; scenario
   simulation; soil erosion; system dynamics; soil mechanics

---

UT 1126
AR Bianchi C, 2000, SIMUL GAMING, V31, P197, DOI 10.1177/104687810003100206
TI Commercial and financial policies in family firms: The small business growth
   management flight simulator
AU Bianchi C; Bivona E
TC 20
SO SIMUL GAMING
PY 2000
AB an interactive learning environment ( ile ) was built to reproduce the
   budgeting process of a small family_owned entrepreneurial firm and to
   capture how current decisions affect business growth in a longer time
   horizon . the ile matches the accounting_related perspective through which
   spreadsheet_based budgets are drawn up , with the system dynamics ( sd )
   view . such a goal has been pursued through a connection of traditional
   excel spreadsheets with powersim sd models . playing the small business
   growth management flight simulator allows one to learn how ( a ) to draw up
   a budget based on an sd perspective , ( b ) long_term goals may be affected
   by current decisions , ( c ) business / family survival and growth are
   strongly influenced by current policies , and ( d ) linking short_to
   medium_and long_term policies and commercial to financial and equity
   management issues is critical to business growth . 2000 , sage publications
   . all rights reserved .
DE management flight simulator; organizational learning; simulation; small
   business management decision making

---

UT 1127
AR Jae M, 2006, PROC INT CONF PROBABILISTIC SAF ASSESS MANAG PSAM
TI The advanced logical dynamics safety assessment using system dynamics method
   of auxiliary feed water system
AU Jae M; Kang K-M
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF PROBABILISTIC SAF ASSESS MANAG PSAM
PY 2006
AB an advanced method for assessing dynamic safety of nuclear power plants is
   introduced and applied . the commercial software , ventana simulation
   environment , vensim , is used to develop a dynamics model for an example
   system . in this study the 18_month refuel cycle is simulated for the
   dynamic analysis . the failure rate when the plant is a zero power like
   maintenance , test , and refueling processes , which are not properly
   modeled in conventional method using event / fault trees , is higher than
   that of the full power . this also means the human failure rate during both
   standby and shutdown operation is higher than that of normal operations .
   various time steps are applied for the different failure cases . the
   simulation results show that the common because failure is much affected by
   the time step process . the results also include the dynamic simulation for
   the standby_running and shutdownrunning cases . the graphical presentation
   has been easily modeled by a unique graphic designed method incorporated in
   the vensim . the diagrams well understood by operators or system analysts
   are constructed and evaluated quantitatively using system dynamics . 2006 by
   asme .
ID computer simulation; nuclear power plants; plant shutdowns; safety
   engineering; system theory; commercial software; common cause failure;
   conventional methods; feed water system; graphical presentations; normal
   operations; safety assessments; simulation environment; failure analysis

---

UT 1128
AR Townshend JRP, 2000, JOPERRESSOC, V51, P812, DOI
   10.1057/palgrave.jors.2600978
TI Analysing the effectiveness of Chlamydia screening
AU Townshend JRP; Turner HS
TC 59
SO JOPERRESSOC
PY 2000
AB chlamydia is a highly prevalent sexually transmitted infection which is
   normally asymptomatic . chlamydia is a major public health concern since it
   is one of the biggest causes of infertility in the uk . a screening program
   has been proposed and here we analyze its potential cost_effectiveness .
   previous modeling analyzes for chlamydia screening have been inadequate at
   representing the dynamic complexity of the impact . most notably , the
   impact on the population prevalence has been overlooked as well as the
   possibility for an individual to become re_infected after treatment . a
   system dynamics model was built using the array facility in the ithink
   software to represent a heterogeneous population . this population was
   disaggregated along two dimensions : age and sexual activity levels .
   results suggest that the proposed screening program would prevent
   significant numbers of infertility cases annually . additionally , it could
   be paying for itself after about four years and recouping the initial outlay
   after about twelve years . 2000 operational research society ltd . all
   rights reserved .
DE cost effectiveness; health; infectious diseases; screening; sexually
   transmitted infections; system dynamics
ID computer aided diagnosis; computer simulation; computer software; cost
   effectiveness; disease control; social aspects; chlamydia screening program;
   infectious diseases; infertility; public health concerns; sexually
   transmitted infections ( sti ); health care

---

UT 1129
AR Jackson TM, 2007, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL - L WATER ENV MANAG INTEGR
   SYST SUSTAIN PROC, P156
TI Exploring energy productivity for a groundwater dependent irrigated farm
   using a system dynamics approach
AU Jackson TM; Khan S/1; Ahmad A
TC 3
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL - L WATER ENV MANAG INTEGR SYST SUSTAIN PROC
PY 2007
AB this paper explores the sensitivity of irrigation energy productivity to
   changes happening at a farm level . energy is vital to any agricultural
   system , particularly in systems which depend on groundwater for irrigation
   . it has been estimated by lal ( 2004 ) that over 23 % of direct energy use
   for crop production in the us is used for on_farm pumping , with similar
   results found in the arid zone of india . it is therefore important to know
   how changes within the environment will affect irrigation energy
   productivity . energy productivity ( ep ) refers to the outputs derived from
   energy inputs into a system . ep can be further expressed in terms of
   physical or economic productivity . in this paper ep is defined in terms of
   physical output . physical productivity is a comparison between the quantity
   of yield produced ( kg ) and the quantity of the direct energy input ( kw )
   . physical productivity is thus expressed as kg / kw . assessing ep can help
   identify pathways to ensure the sustainability of irrigation in the
   agricultural sector , as well as provide an opportunity to identify the
   major sources of energy wastage and can aid policy makers in terms of
   providing a basis for the efficient management of natural resources . the
   vensimtm modeling environment was used to construct a model of on_farm
   irrigation ep for pasture production . sensitivity analysis was performed to
   examine the results of changing the values of total crop water requirement
   and groundwater head lift in order to predict the effect on irrigation
   energy productivity . in this case , parameters which affect both yield and
   the energy required for pumping to produce agricultural crops were included
   . these inputs were changes to crop water requirement ( cwr ) and
   groundwater lift head ( m ) . the sensitivity analysis of ep was performed
   for three different irrigation methods ( flood , center pivot and drip
   irrigation ) . it was found that in both cases the overall trend for each
   irrigation method was similar . however the relative level of changes were
   different for each method . the sensitivity analysis for changing cwr showed
   that the behavior of ep when this input was changed was markedly different
   from current practices . the flood irrigation method was found to be the
   most sensitive , followed by the drip irrigation and then pivot irrigation
   methods . when the effect of changing groundwater lift head was explored ,
   it was found that ep is far less sensitive to this input due to smaller
   level of lift needed , as the behavior was very similar to that for current
   practices . a sample result for this sensitivity analysis is shown below (
   figure 1 ) . the order of sensitivity between the irrigation methods was the
   same as the previous case , with the flood irrigation method being the most
   sensitive , followed by the drip irrigation and pivot irrigation methods .
   this model was not calibrated against field measurements . the system
   dynamic modeling framework described in this paper could be useful for
   determining the suitability of different irrigation methods for time varying
   water and energy settings affecting energy productivity . modsim
   2007_international congress on modeling and simulation_land , water and
   environmental management : integrated systems for sustainability ,
   proceedings . all rights reserved .
DE irrigation; sensitivity analysis; vensimtm
ID agricultural robots; arid regions; crops; cultivation; environmental
   management; floods; groundwater; integrated control; productivity;
   sensitivity analysis; sustainable development; technology transfer;
   agricultural sector; crop water requirements; economic productivity;
   efficient managements; energy productivity; modeling environment; system
   dynamic modeling; system dynamics approach; irrigation

---

UT 1130
AR Munitic A, 2003, PROC IASTED INT CONF MODEL SIMUL, P515
TI Computing simulation of driving system - "Ship/ piston compressor - Electric
   motor" (BKKE)
AU Munitic A; Kulenovic Z; Dvornik J/1
TC 2
SO PROC IASTED INT CONF MODEL SIMUL
PY 2003
AB system dynamic simulating modeling is one of the most appropriate and
   successful scientific dynamics modeling method of the complex , non_linear ,
   natural , technical and organizational systems . investigation of behavior
   dynamics of the ship / s propulsion system as one of the complex , dynamic ,
   non_linear technical systems requires application of the most efficient
   modeling methods . the aim of this essay is to present the efficiency of the
   application of the system dynamic simulating modeling in investigation of
   behavior dynamics of the bkke driving system . ship / s piston compressor
   and its driving electric motor , i . e . in this case , asynchronous motor
   shall be presented in the powersim simulation language i . e . mental_verbal
   , structural and mathematical computing modules . system dynamic models are
   essentially continuous models since the realities have been demonstrated by
   a set of non_linear differential equation , i . e . ' ' equations of
   conditions ' ' , however they are at the same time discrete ones because
   their principle time interval calculation i . e . ( discretisation )
   sampling ' ' dt ' ' is determined in full compliance with ( sampling theorem
   ) by shannon and koteljnikov .
DE asynchronous motor; continuous and discrete simulation; modeling; ship/s
   piston compressor; system dynamics
ID compressors; computer programming languages; computer simulation; engine
   pistons; large scale systems; asynchronous motor; continuous and discrete
   simulation; ship piston compressor; system dynamics; computer software

---

UT 1131
AR Switek W, 2001, INT CONF COMPUT AID OPTIM DES STRUCT OPTI PROC, V7, P53
TI Computer aided optimal design of mechanical device
AU Switek W
TC 0
SO INT CONF COMPUT AID OPTIM DES STRUCT OPTI PROC
PY 2001
AB an integrated computer aided approach to the design of mechanical device
   involving modeling , simulation and automatic drawing of the device was
   discussed . it was suggested that system dynamics method can be successfully
   applied for developing a computer model of a mechanical system in order to
   aid the work of design . the computer model of a mechanical system ,
   elaborated with the use of powersim software , were found to contribute to
   the improved quality of the design . it was found that autolisp language of
   autocad software allows to make an assembly drawing of the mechanical system
   in an automatic way .
ID assembly; computer aided analysis; computer aided design; computer aided
   manufacturing; computer simulation; computer software; mechanical
   engineering; software engineering; gear speed reducers; integrated computer
   aided-approach; mechanical device; system dynamics method; structural design

---

UT 1132
AR Yu Y-J, 2007, SHENGTAI XUEBAO ACTA ECOL SIN, V27, P2603
TI On the progress in urban ecosystem dynamic modeling
AU Yu Y-J; Guo H-C; Liu Y/8; Huang K; Wang Z/8
TC 5
SO SHENGTAI XUEBAO ACTA ECOL SIN
PY 2007
AB this paper presents a comprehensive literature review on the progress in
   dynamic urban ecosystem modeling summarizing various perspectives such as
   the history , method , procedure , and software development and availability
   that are pertinent to the urban ecosystem modeling area . duem represents a
   multi_disciplinary research area . which covers many related scientific
   disciplines including landscape ecology urban demography sociology urban
   planning environmental planning environmental economics disaster prevention
   science urban hygiene and public health . the history of the duem area can
   be traced back to the 19th century when researchers started to study the
   process of urban expansion and evolution . since then > researchers
   throughout the world have developed a wide range of modeling approaches to
   help understand the dynamics and evolution of urban ecosystems . before
   1960s . the ecological and environmental aspects of urban development have
   rarely been considered in an urban system modeling study . this trend
   started to change in 1960s which was manifested by the fashion of developing
   comprehensive urban ecosystem models that simulate not only the
   social_economic but also the ecological and environmental components in
   urban systems . based on the difference in mathematical formulation and
   system representation all the existing urban ecosystem models can be roughly
   classified into four broad categories : ( 1 ) mathematical mechanistic
   models . ( 2 ) eco_cybernetics based sensitivity models . ( 3 ) system
   dynamics model . and ( 4 ) multi_objective models . in addition to these
   four branches of methods . other types of modeling approaches such as the
   ecological footprint method . the scenario analysis method . and the
   entropy_based approach have also attracted wide attentions from researchers
   . despite of their difference in appearance . all these modeling methods
   follow a same general procedure . which involves six steps including model
   definition . model formulation . computer realization . calibration /
   validation . model performance evaluation . and model application . since
   the day researchers began to research the possibility of using mathematical
   models to study urban systems . numerous modeling systems have been
   developed . some of these models are developed through direct computer
   programming with general computer languages . and the others are developed
   using popular simulation and optimization software packages such as the
   vensim . stella . dynamo . and matlab ' s simulink toolbox . table 1 in the
   present paper lists a number of the most widely applied urban ecosystem
   models along with information regarding their developers and applicability .
   this paper further addresses the issue of uncertainty in urban system
   modeling . indicating that an urban system modeling is always subjected to
   uncertainty originated from the entire model development and application
   process . due to the significant implication of uncertainty . it is proposed
   that special efforts need to be dedicated to improve the capability of
   handling model uncertainty in a duem study . finally . this paper summarizes
   potential research directions for the duem area . suggesting that
   technologies and methods need to be extended to both macro and micro scales
   to achieve further advancement in this area . in addition . to develop
   hybrid approach through integrating advanced artificial intelligence
   technologies and geographical information systems might offer another
   promising way for model improvement .
DE dynamic modeling; uncertainty; urban ecosystem

---

UT 1133
AR Wu C-R, 2010, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V30, P587
TI Modeling and simulation of high-tech enterprises innovation networks using
   system dynamics
AU Wu C-R; Zeng D-M; Chen Y-W
TC 8
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2010
AB based on the analysis of the components in high_tech enterprises innovation
   networks and the relations among them , a causal graph and a system
   dynamical model , which could describe the development of high_tech
   enterprises innovation networks , were built . the system dynamical model
   was realized by software tool vensim . the validation of the model was taken
   by using the data from china statistical yearbooks on high_tech industry .
   the calculated results are in accordance with the actual data . the
   simulation results show that method of the model is valid for simulating the
   affection of r and d cooperation , standardization , and knowledge transfer
   to high_tech enterprises innovation networks . as an application of this
   model , key indexes of high_tech enterprises innovation networks in the next
   few years are predicted . some measures are suggested to increase these
   indexes . the presented model is feasible as computer aided decision support
   tool for managers .
DE high-tech enterprises; innovation networks; knowledge transfer;
   standardization; system dynamics
ID decision support systems; innovation; knowledge management; research and
   development management; standardization; system theory; causal graph;
   computer aided; decision support tools; dynamical model; high-tech
   industries; innovation network; innovation networks; knowledge transfer;
   modeling and simulation; simulation result; software tool; system dynamics;
   computer simulation

---

UT 1134
AR Hao JLJ, 2010, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V17, P476, DOI
   10.1108/09699981011074574
TI Dynamic modeling of construction and demolition waste management processes:
   An empirical study in Shenzhen, China
AU Hao JLJ; Tam VWY/1; Yuan HP; Wang JY; Li JR
TC 27
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2010
AB purpose_the aim of this paper is to develop a model based on system dynamics
   ( sd ) approach , which integrates three subsystems for simulating
   construction and demolition ( camp . d ) waste management in shenzhen ,
   mainland china . design / methodology / approach_sd approach was first used
   to construct the model for camp . d waste management in shenzhen . the model
   was then converted for running on computer through the software package ' '
   ithink ' ' , which was specifically designed for sd modeling . the data
   required for model simulation was derived through various ways , including
   literature review , examination of official reports and yearbooks , and
   questionnaires . after all the parameters in the model were determined ,
   simulation was carried out . findings_the model proposed in this research
   can provide an experimental simulation platform to investigate the
   complexity and interdependencies of factors in managing camp . d waste in
   shenzhen , mainland china . the simulation results show that the pressing
   situation of camp . d waste management in shenzhen would aggravate if no
   effective measures were taken to address it during the simulation period .
   participants ' active participation and cost consideration are the two major
   factors affecting camp . d waste reduction . furthermore , new landfills
   should be planned to properly handle the camp . d waste accumulated in
   shenzhen over the past few years . originality / value_although some studies
   have been conducted under the topic of camp . d waste management during the
   past few years in shenzhen_how to effectively and efficiently handle the
   waste is still unsolved . factors affecting the effectiveness of camp . d
   waste management have separately been examined in the previous studies ,
   without considering their interrelations . the sd_based model is developed
   in this research to investigate the complex and interdependent relationships
   among these factors . the model can deepen participants ' understandings
   about camp . d waste management and help explore the major factors affecting
   the effectiveness of management activities . the measures , which are
   proposed based on the simulation results , can serve as a valuable reference
   for planning camp . d waste management in shenzhen . 2010 emerald group
   publishing limited . all rights reserved .
DE china; construction engineering; simulation; waste management
ID computer simulation; demolition; planning; china; construction and
   demolition; construction and demolition waste; construction engineering;
   design/methodology/approach; dynamic modeling; effective measures; empirical
   studies; experimental simulations; literature reviews; major factors;
   management activities; management process; model simulation; model-based;
   simulation; simulation result; system dynamics; waste reduction; waste
   management

---

UT 1135
AR Walton B, 2009, WORLD IMACS CONGR MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL INTERFACING
   MODEL SIMUL MATH COMPUT SCI PROC, P3872
TI Future water supply and demand assessment in peri-urban catchments using
   system dynamics approach
AU Walton B; Nawarathna B; George BA; Malano HM
TC 4
SO WORLD IMACS CONGR MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL INTERFACING MODEL SIMUL
   MATH COMPUT SCI PROC
PY 2009
AB having effective modeling tools at the disposal of catchment managers and
   planners are essential to developing more effective future water management
   strategies . the actual projections of the demand and supply are often very
   dependent and interrelated with many variables , including each other for
   most catchments . the traditional approach used by water managers , whereby
   the demand based on population increase trend and water availability (
   supply ) forecasts are calculated separately , is limited in its use due to
   this restriction . this is most noticed through the lack of consideration of
   the dynamic interrelationships that can occur between the supply and demand
   sides of water . this is where system dynamic modeling can be used as a
   novel technique that can consider all the interdependencies to help
   accurately assess a catchment ' s future water availability and use . this
   report looked at creating a generic model of a catchment with competing
   demands and supply considerations that also modeled the important
   interrelated variables using the system dynamic modeling technique ( using
   the program vensim ) . to test the model , the peri_urban south creek
   catchment of western sydney was chosen as a case study to run future water
   scenarios . future water supply and demand scenarios were run in the model
   to understand the likely future water security of the catchment , as well as
   possible solutions to the water security issues that may arise the south
   creek catchment is an excellent case study to use for this example . with
   the predicted landuse or demand changes , as well as the probability of
   climate change , we will see dynamic changes caused by these two variables
   influencing the future water security of the catchment . the consensus of
   the models outputs showed that the south creek catchment was likely to not
   severely stress its surface water resources in the future ( 25 years ) as
   urban and irrigational demand increased . it also showed that if the potable
   water resource coming into the catchment was limited in the future , that
   the catchment would likely be able to draw on its own resources to cover any
   shortage without a detrimental effect on the catchment ' s water resources .
   this also implied that irrigational activities relying on non_potable
   surface water in the region could also likely increase their water use if
   necessary . the model created did achieve the objectives set out for it ,
   but future further development of it could ensure a more accurate output
   from the model to conclude upon . but regardless , at its current stage , it
   should be able to be used to give a reasonable representation of the future
   water security for most catchments big and small . modsim 2009.all rights
   reserved .
DE climate change; peri-urban catchment; south creek; system dynamic;
   urbanization
ID catchments; climate change; economics; managers; runoff; surface water
   resources; water management; water supply; demand and supply; peri-urban
   catchment; system dynamic modeling; system dynamics approach; traditional
   approaches; water availability; water management strategies; water supply
   and demands; potable water

---

UT 1136
AR Kang KM, 2003, INT CONGR ADV NUCL POWER PLANTS - PROC ICAPP
TI A quantitative assessment on limiting conditions for operation using a
   concept of system dynamics
AU Kang KM; Jae M
TC 0
SO INT CONGR ADV NUCL POWER PLANTS - PROC ICAPP
PY 2003
AB limiting conditions for operations ( lcos ) define the allowed outage times
   ( aots ) and the actions to be taken if the repair can not be completed
   within the aot . typically the actions required are plant shutdown . in
   situations where the risk associated with the action , i . e . , the risk of
   plant shutdown given a failure in the safety system , may be substantial , a
   strategy is needed to control the risk implications . in this study the
   changing operation modes is evaluated quantitatively and dynamically using a
   tool of system dynamics . a system dynamics mode has been developed to
   analyze the dynamic reliability of a complicated system . the vensim tool of
   a system dynamics software has been applied to the lcos assessment for an
   example system , auxiliary feed water system of a reference plant . analysis
   results of both full power operation and shutdown operation have been
   compared for the measure of the core damage frequency . the increase in core
   damage frequency , r are used as a measure in this study ( are =r1_r0 ) .
   the symbol , r1 is the value of core damage probability during shutdown
   conditions , while r 0is a reduced risk during operation conditions . a time
   dependent framework developed in this study has been shown that it is very
   flexible in that it can be applied to assess lcos quantitatively under any
   operational context of the technical specifications .
ID core disruptive accidents; damage detection; nuclear energy; nuclear power
   plants; repair; system theory; complicated systems; core damage frequency;
   core damage probabilities; dynamic reliability; limiting condition;
   operation conditions; quantitative assessments; technical specifications;
   plant shutdowns

---

UT 1137
AR Li C/5, 2008, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V28, P1
TI System dynamics model for SMS governance
AU Li C/5; Qi J-Y; Shu H-Y
TC 2
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2008
AB using system dynamics method , this study analyzes the sms governance . a
   system dynamics model is built and is simulated with vensim ple 5.4c . the
   simulation result proves that carries should be the key entity to be
   governed . this study also uses the model to analyze sms policies and
   finally gets the conclusion that real mobile identification and unification
   the service providers ' access number could reduce harmful sms .
DE harmful short message; system dynamics; telecommunication industry chain
ID dynamics; telecommunication; telecommunication systems; harmful short
   message; key entities; service providers; simulation results; system
   dynamics; system dynamics models; telecommunication industry

---

UT 1138
AR Dvornik J/1, 2007, INT J TURBO JET ENGINES, V24, P119, DOI
   10.1515/TJJ.2007.24.2.119
TI A contribution to the analysis of the performance of the gas turbine using
   simulation
AU Dvornik J/1; Tireli E
TC 0
SO INT J TURBO JET ENGINES
PY 2007
AB the aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamic simulation modeling for studying performance dynamics of the gas
   turbine in load conditions . this study is conducted using an example of
   load of synchronous generator . gas turbine at the load of synchronous
   generator is a complex non_linear system , which needs to be systematically
   investigated as a unit consisting of a number of subsystems and elements ,
   which are linked by because_effect ( upv ) feedback loops ( kpd ) ) , both
   within the propulsion system and with the relevant surrounding . in this
   paper the authors will present an efficient application of scientific
   methods for the study of complex dynamic systems called qualitative and
   quantitative simulation system dynamics methodology . this methodology will
   allow generation and application of higher number and types of simulation
   models of the observed elements . furthermore , this methodology will allow
   continuous computer simulation that will significantly contribute to the
   acquisition of new knowledge about the nonlinear characteristics of
   performance dynamics of turbine and generator system in the process of
   designing and learning . gas turbine will be presented by a set of
   non_linear differential equations , after which mental_verbal structural
   models and flowcharts in system dynamics symbols will be produced , and the
   performance dynamics in load condition will be simulated in powersim
   simulation language . freund publishing house ltd .
DE continuous and discrete simulation and heuristics optimization; synchronous
   generator; system dynamics; twin shaft gas turbine

---

UT 1139
AR Cavana RY, 2008, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V25, P675, DOI 10.1002/sres.934
TI Integrative system dynamics: Analysis of policy options for tobacco control
   in New Zealand
AU Cavana RY; Tobias M
TC 34
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2008
AB tobacco use is a global problem and the health consequences are far reaching
   . systemic approaches are needed to help investigate policies to reduce the
   adverse health effects of tobacco use . this paper provides an overview of
   the system dynamics model that has been developed to assist the ministry of
   health to evaluate the dynamic consequences of tobacco control policies in
   new zealand . the model consists of six sectors : population . smoking
   prevalences . tobacco consumption . second hand smoke . relative risks and
   tobacco attributable deaths . the model is simulated for 20_30 years into
   the future . the simulation package used is ' ithink ' , and a user
   interface is presented for policy analysis . a range of illustrative
   scenarios are provided , including : business as usual . fiscal strategies
   involving less affordable cigarettes . harm minimization strategies
   involving either less addictive cigarettes or less toxic cigarettes and
   combinations of the above policies . the main output variables ( performance
   measures ) include current smoking prevalence , tobacco consumption and
   tobacco attributable mortality . finally some areas for future model
   enhancement are identified . copyright 2009 john wiley and sons , ltd .
DE dynamic simulation; scenario analysis; system dynamics; tobacco control
   policies; tobacco policy model
ID computer simulation; health; system theory; user interfaces; adverse health
   effects; policy model; scenario analysis; simulation packages; smoking
   prevalences; system dynamics; system dynamics model; tobacco control;
   tobacco

---

UT 1140
AR Yi T, 2008, PROC INT CONF MACH LEARN CYBERN ICMLC, V2, P676, DOI
   10.1109/ICMLC.2008.4620490
TI Applying System dynamics to analyze the impact of incentive factors'
   allocation on construction cost and risk
AU Yi T; Xiao G
TC 6
SO PROC INT CONF MACH LEARN CYBERN ICMLC
PY 2008
AB the proper application of incentive mechanism in construction project can
   decrease project cost . however , current incentive methods do not consider
   the change of human needs in construction and are inadequate to analyze the
   impacts of incentive factors allocation on project risk and cost due to the
   complexity and dynamics of the project in a real world . and therefore ,
   there is a need for a model to solve this problem . in this paper , a system
   dynamic model is built to simulate the impacts of incentive factors
   allocation on project risk and cost . firstly , behavioral factors which
   encourage staff efforts to decrease risk and cost are obtained by
   questionnaire . causal loop diagram containing these factors is then built
   and the system dynamic model is established by visualization system dynamic
   model software ithink , which shows how the allocation of incentive factors
   affects project risk and cost . and then a sensitive analysis is used to
   testify the validity of the model , from the outputs , an incentive cost
   input can be obtained at the lowest level of risk and cost . finally , this
   paper carries on policy simulation tests . in this simulation , different
   ratios of every incentive factors in different periods correspond to
   different lowest risk and cost , which are the results of the simulation .
   thus , optimal allocation of incentive cost among incentive factors and
   incentive factors among departments is solved . the model developed in this
   paper offers a useful tool for evaluating the impact of incentive factors
   allocation on project risk and cost . 2008 ieee .
DE cost; incentive; risk; system dynamics
ID construction industry; control theory; costs; cybernetics; dynamic models;
   dynamics; learning systems; modal analysis; paper; risk analysis; robot
   learning; behavioral factors; causal loop diagrams; construction costs;
   construction projects; human needs; incentive; incentive mechanisms; optimal
   allocations; policy simulations; project costs; project risks; real worlds;
   sensitive analysis; system dynamics; cost benefit analysis

---

UT 1141
AR Quan C, 2007, AVIAT WORLD GROWTH PROC INT AIR TRANSP CONF, P132, DOI
   10.1061/40938(262)12
TI Integrated model for air traffic control, aviation weather and communication
   systems
AU Quan C; Trani AA
TC 0
SO AVIAT WORLD GROWTH PROC INT AIR TRANSP CONF
PY 2007
AB in this paper , a systems dynamics methodology to model and simulate air
   traffic , aviation weather and communication systems is presented . two
   computer models are developed with ithink and matlab software packages : 1 )
   air traffic flow model ( atfm ) and 2 ) aviation weather information and
   bandwidth requirement model ( awinbrm ) . the atfm model is used for
   quantifying the volume of air traffic at each phase of flight in three
   flight regions . the results of the atfm model are used as inputs for the
   awinbrm model . the awinbrm model is used to define required aviation
   weather information and their sizes at each phase of flight in three flight
   regions . these models could be deployed as decision support systems to aid
   airport and airline personnel . the models ' results demonstrate that all
   types of aircraft need large quantities of weather data before taking off
   from the airport . the aircraft in the terminal area require less aviation
   weather data but the weather may have the most impact in terms of flight
   safety . models also provide detailed information for planning aviation
   weather communication systems in the future . copyright asce 2007 .
ID aviation; climate change; communication systems; computer simulation;
   decision support systems; matlab; aviation weather; weather communication
   systems; air traffic control

---

UT 1142
AR Fengjun X, 2010, PROC IEEE INT CONF SOFTW ENG SERV SCI ICSESS, P360, DOI
   10.1109/ICSESS.2010.5552373
TI The simulation research of operation mechanism of "Companies + farmers"
   Organization model
AU Fengjun X; Weiqiang J
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF SOFTW ENG SERV SCI ICSESS
PY 2010
AB based on the systematic analysis of the ' ' companies + farmers ' '
   organization model , the system dynamics ( sd ) mathematical model is built
   to describe its development pattern . using the simulation analysis
   technology of vensim we simulate the development prospect and restraints of
   the ' ' companies + farmers ' ' organization model and propose the
   corresponding managerial policies after analysis , achieving the purpose of
   effectively analyzing the management of agricultural industrialization
   through systematic scientifically based ways . 2010 ieee .
DE companies + farmers; simulation analysis; system dynamics ( sd )
ID agriculture; mathematical models; software engineering; system theory;
   companies + farmers; development prospects; managerial policy; operation
   mechanism; organization model; simulation analysis; simulation research;
   system dynamics; system dynamics ( sd ); systematic analysis; computer
   simulation

---

UT 1143
AR Alkayid K, 2008, EUR MEDITERR CONF SYST EMCIS
TI Simulating information exchanges in order to investigate the utility of
   public health websites
AU Alkayid K; Hasan H; Meloche J
TC 0
SO EUR MEDITERR CONF SYST EMCIS
PY 2008
AB this paper explores the nature of communication and information flows in
   critical medical environments to inform the design of public website support
   . results are presented of a study of communication in intensive care units
   ( icu ) , where data was collected from the website owners , public users of
   the site and icu clinicians who traditionally find communication with
   families of patients difficult . the paper presents the results of this
   research aimed at understanding the situation and needs of potential website
   users . the study has provided a greater understanding of how information
   technologies can help to resolve problems that arise with the ad_hoc ,
   face_to_face communication that currently occurs in this area . to underpin
   the research a systems_dynamics model of information flows in an icu , was
   developed in an evolutionary fashion using stella software . the modeling
   process was informed by a review of literature , as well as data from
   various stakeholder groups . the model provided a means of re_interpreting
   the data , encapsulating the knowledge gained from the study and visualizing
   the research findings in an innovative way that is enabling the project to
   move forward .
DE crisis situations; intensive care unit; public communication; systems
   dynamics modeling; web-based services
ID communication; data encapsulation; dynamics; information systems; research;
   websites; crisis situations; intensive care; public communication; systems
   dynamics modeling; web-based service; intensive care units

---

UT 1144
AR Clouth J, 2009, GESUNDHOKON QUALMANAGE, V14, P302, DOI
   10.1055/s-0028-1109447
TI Evaluating health care using system dynamics modelling a case study in
   Schizophrenia
AU Clouth J; Knoll S; Eichmann F
TC 3
SO GESUNDHOKON QUALMANAGE
PY 2009
AB aim : to demonstrate based on a schizophrenia case study model that system
   dynamics modeling ( sdm ) , a set of conceptual tools that help
   understanding the structure and dynamics of complex systems , can be a
   useful method in the field of health care evaluation , specifically to
   assess cost of illness and budget impact of complex diseases . methods :
   using the specific vensim dss and venapp software tools , a case study model
   was programmed , simulating schizophrenia costs in germany up to the year
   2050 . fixed model input was the age structure of the german population ,
   the suicidal rate for the general population and for people diagnosed with
   schizophrenia , the general death rate and the proportion of suicides and
   schizophrenia prevalence and incidence . subsystems of the model were :
   patient stocks and flows , medication cost , treatment cost , other relevant
   cost , occupational disability cost , early retirement cost , total
   schizophrenia cost , age distribution and auxiliary calculations . results :
   the case study schizophrenia sdm model allows analyzing the distribution of
   schizophrenia costs in the german health systems and demonstrates how the
   cost distribution changes with changing conditions ( e . g . reduced relapse
   rate with the spread of more efficient medication ) . for the base case
   scenario at the beginning of the model in the year 2000 early retirement
   cost accounted for almost 50 % of the monthly total costs of schizophrenia
   of 474 180 000 , followed by hospital costs , costs of occupational
   disability , and costs of non_medical complementary offerings . indirect
   costs were much more important than direct costs . costs of schizophrenia
   reached a peak around the year 2010 and decreased thereafter . with an
   increasing percentage of patients taking atypicals overall costs were
   decreasing . conclusions : this paper supports system dynamics modeling as
   an alternative , flexible and user friendly modeling technique for
   application in health care evaluation . georg thieme verlag kg stuttgart .
DE antipsychotic medication; health system evaluation; modeling; schizophrenia;
   sdm modeling; system dynamics
ID haloperidol; olanzapine; risperidone; adult; aged; article; computer
   program; cost of illness; health care cost; health care quality; hospital
   cost; human; mortality; schizophrenia; simulation; suicide; system dynamics
   model

---

UT 1145
AR Liu D/2, 2009, INT SYMP EMPIR SOFTW ENG MEAS ESEM, P302, DOI
   10.1109/ESEM.2009.5315982
TI The role of software process simulation modeling in software risk
   management: A systematic review
AU Liu D/2; Wang Q; Xiao J
TC 38
SO INT SYMP EMPIR SOFTW ENG MEAS ESEM
PY 2009
AB nowadays software projects are still suffering from many problems due to
   various kinds of software risks . software risk management is a crucial part
   of successful project management , but it is often not well implemented in
   real_world software projects . one reason is that project managers lack
   effective and practical tools to manage software risks . software process
   simulation modeling ( spsm ) has been emerging as a promising approach to
   address a variety of issues in software engineering area , including risk
   management . however , the current state of how spsm supports software risk
   management is not yet clear . this paper presents a systematic literature
   review which purpose is to obtain the state of the art of the applications
   of spsm in software risk management . we drew the following conclusions from
   the review results : ( 1 ) the number of spsm studies on software risk
   management is relatively small , but increasing gradually in recent years .
   ( 2 ) spsm is mainly applied in risk analysis and risk management planning
   activities . ( 3 ) software risks related to requirements , development
   process and management process are the ones most studied by spsm . ( 4 )
   discrete_event simulation and system dynamics are two most popular
   simulation paradigms , while hybrid simulation methods are more and more
   widely used . ( 5 ) extend , ithink and vensim are the most popular
   simulation tools in spsm . ( 6 ) most of spsm approaches and models have not
   been well applied into real_world risk management practices . 2009 ieee .
ID planning; project management; risk analysis; risk assessment; risk
   management; safety factor; simulators; systems engineering; development
   process; hybrid simulation; management process; project managers; real-
   world; role of software; simulation paradigm; simulation tool; software
   process simulation; software project; software risk management; software
   risks; state of the art; system dynamics; systematic literature review;
   systematic review; computer software

---

UT 1146
AR Dvornik J/2, 2009, THERM SCI, V13, P11, DOI 10.2298/TSCI0904011D
TI Analysis of the performance of the ship steam boiler using simulation
AU Dvornik J/2; Tireli E; Dvornik S/1
TC 1
SO THERM SCI
PY 2009
AB the aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamics simulation modeling at investigating performance dynamics of the
   ship steam boiler . ship steam boiler is a complex non_linear system which
   needs to be systematically investigated as a unit consisting of a number of
   subsystems and elements , which are linked by because_effect feedback loops
   , both within the system and with the relevant surrounding . in this paper
   the authors will present the efficient application of scientific methods for
   the research of complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative
   simulation system dynamics methodology , which will allow for production and
   use of higher number and kinds of simulation models of the observed elements
   , and finally allow for the continuous com putersimulation , which will
   contribute to acquisition of new information about the non_linear character
   of performance dynamics of ship steam boilers in the process of designing
   and education . ship steam boiler will be presented in powersim simulation
   language in mental_verbal , structural , and mathematical computer models .
DE continuous and discrete simulation; ship steam boiler; simulation modeling;
   system dynamics
ID boilers; computer simulation languages; engines; pressure vessels; ships;
   steam; system theory; vehicle performance; continuous and discrete
   simulation; dynamic simulation models; nonlinear system; performance;
   performance dynamics; ship steam boiler; simulation-modelling; steam boiler;
   system dynamics; system dynamics simulation; linear systems

---

UT 1147
AR Li C/5, 2008, IFIP INT FED PROCESS, V255, P1585, DOI
   10.1007/978-0-387-76312-5_92
TI A system dynamics model for SMS governance
AU Li C/5; Qi J; Shu H/1
TC 0
SO IFIP INT FED PROCESS
PY 2008
AB using system dynamics method , this study analyzes the sms governance . a
   system dynamics model is built and is simulated with vensim ple 5.4c . the
   simulation result proves that carries should be the key entity to be
   governed . this study also uses the model to analyze sms policies and
   finally gets the conclusion that real mobile identification and unification
   the service providers ' access number could reduce harmful sms . 2008
   international federation for information processing .
DE harmful short message; system dynamics; telecommunication industry chain
ID computer simulation; research; system theory; telecommunication industry;
   key entity; service provider; short message; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; information systems

---

UT 1148
AR Harmsen RW, 1997, SIMUL, V68, P139, DOI 10.1177/003754979706800207
TI Dynamic Simulation of Hanford Tank Waste Remediation System
AU Harmsen RW; Zimmerman BD
TC 0
SO SIMUL
PY 1997
AB cleaning up and disposing of approximately 50 years of nuclear waste is the
   main mission at the you . s . department of energy ' s hanford nuclear
   reserva tion , located in the southeastern part of the state of washington .
   a major element of the total cleanup effort involves retrieving , processing
   , and disposing of radioactive and hazardous waste stored in 177 underground
   storage tanks . this effort , referred to as the tank waste remediation
   system ( twrs ) , is expected to cost billions of dollars and take approxi
   mately 25 years to complete . several computer simulations of this project
   are being created , focusing on both programmatic and detailed engineering
   issues . this paper describes one such simulation activity , using the
   ithinktm computer simulation software . the ithinktm simulation includes a
   representation of the complete twrs cleanup system , from retrieval of waste
   through intermediate processing and final vitrification of waste for
   disposal . major issues addressed to date by the simulation effort include
   the need for new underground storage tanks to support twrs activities , and
   the estimated design capacities for various processing facilities that are
   required to support legally mandated program commitment dates . this paper
   discusses how the simulation was used to investigate these questions . 1997
   , sage publications . all rights reserved .
DE chemical engineering; government; hybrid simulation; nuclear engineering;
   system dynamics

---

UT 1149
AR Chen Y-F, 2004, HUM ECOL RISK ASSESS, V10, P579, DOI
   10.1080/10807030490452205
TI Dynamic modeling of a man-land system in response to environmental
   catastrophe
AU Chen Y-F; Jie QI; Zhou J-X; Li Y-P; Xiao J/1
TC 14
SO HUM ECOL RISK ASSESS
PY 2004
AB a compatible relationship between ' ' man ' ' and ' ' land ' ' is the
   essence of regional sustainable development . in this article vensim ple is
   used to set up a system dynamics ( sd ) model of the regional man_land
   system of xiangfan , hubei province , china . the model is used to simulate
   dynamic behaviors of society and economy in the face of environmental
   catastrophe , in order to explore dynamic response among subsystems in
   man_land systems , and to research mechanisms of regional sustainable
   development . the model is also used to forecast impacts from the
   south_to_north water transfer project in china on the environment , society
   , and economy within a time span of 50 years . the model is further used to
   verify the effects of suggested regulatory policies . the simulation results
   show counterintuitive outcomes . the most serious impact on xiangfan caused
   by the water transfer project would be on economic growth , not on
   environment quality . however , if a series of regulatory policies were
   carried out in advance of the water project ' s construction , the trends of
   concern could be effectively eased . sd provides tools for precisely
   understanding complex man_land systems , which always seem counterintuitive
   . however , there still exist limitations and disadvantages in the model
   that must be overcome . it is believed that the next logical step in
   deriving better dynamic models of man_land systems is to integrate sd with
   other advanced algorithms or technologies .
DE china; man-land system; model of dynamic response; south-to-north water
   transfer project; sustainable development; system dynamics ( sd )

---

