UT 1
AR Zhang B/3, 2023, CHANG DAXUE XUEBAO, V43, P111, DOI
   10.19721/j.cnki.1671-8879.2023.02.011
TI Forecast of highway passenger volume based on improved system dynamics
   model; [基于改进系统动力学模型的公路客运量预测]
AU Zhang B/3; Zhou D-D; Zhou X; Zhang M-Y; Zhong M
TC 2
SO CHANG DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2023
AB In order to determine the development scale and law of highway passenger
   transportation, the improved system dynamics model was used to predict the
   highway passenger transportation volume.  The Lotka-Volterra(LV)theory of
   ecology was introduced into the traditional system dynamics(SD)model.
   Firstly, qualitative analysis was made on the economic, social,
   transportation environment and other influencing factors related to
   passenger transport demand, a causal loop diagram was constructed to analyze
   the causal feedback relationships between various factors and highway
   passenger capacity, and the fuzzy dynamic relationship in the LV theory was
   introduced to determine the system.  Then, the interaction coefficients
   between the feedback relationship factors were determined through the LV
   decision equation after the traffic transformation, and the differential
   equations in the system flow diagram were used to quantitatively analyze the
   relationship between the influencing factors and the highway passenger
   transport in the sub-models of each influencing factor.  The system dynamics
   model was improved and optimized, and a time-varying dynamic LV-SD model was
   established.  The forecast of highway passenger traffic in Jiangxi Province
   was taken as an example, according to the correlation coefficients between
   the highway passenger traffic and the influencing factors in the influencing
   factor model, the regional GDP, the output value of the tertiary industry,
   the consumption level of residents, the highway mileage, the civil aviation
   passenger traffic, railway passenger volume, population number and
   urbanization rate were selected as quantitative indicators to be substituted
   into the prediction model, and historical data from 2013 to 2018 were
   analyzed to verify the validity of the model.  Combined with the development
   of the city, the Vensim software was used to analyze and predict the highway
   passenger traffic volume of Jiangxi Province under the three scenarios of
   high, medium and low economic growth from 2019 to 2025 based on the LV-SD
   model.  The results show that the prediction accuracy of the LV-SD model is
   higher than that of the SD model, it is improved by nearly 7.2%. From 2021
   to 2025, highway passenger volume in Jiangxi Province will increase first,
   then decrease, and finally flatten out.5 tabs, 4 figs, 32 refs.  © 2023
   Editorial Department of Journal of Chang'an University (Natural Science
   Edition). All rights reserved.
DE demand forecast; highway passenger volume; lotka-volterra theory; system
   dynamics model; traffic engineering

---

UT 2
AR Díaz-Reza JR, 2024, JORDAN J MECH IND ENG, V18, P113, DOI
   10.59038/jjmie/180109
TI Assessing the impact of Lean manufacturing on the Social Sustainability
   through Structural Equation Modeling and System Dynamics
AU Díaz-Reza JR; García-Alcaraz JL; Sánchez-Ramírez C/1; Vargas AR
TC 15
SO JORDAN J MECH IND ENG
PY 2024
AB This study presents a comprehensive approach to evaluate the impact of
   various Lean Management tools, such as Kaizen, Total Productive Maintenance
   (TPM), Just-in-Time (JIT), and philosophies like Total Quality Management
   (TQM)on the social sustainability of manufacturing companies.  Using a
   system dynamics model supported by structural equation analysis, we seek to
   measure these effects and determine the time required for companies to reach
   the desired level of implementation of these tools and the point at which
   they will achieve social sustainability.  This innovative approach seeks to
   fill a gap in the research, as so far, no studies have been conducted that
   precisely measure the impact of Kaizen, TPM, JIT, and philosophies like TQM
   on social sustainability using structural equation modeling and system
   dynamics.  This gap in the literature highlights the relevance of this
   study, which provides detailed results on the impact of Lean Management
   tools on social sustainability and addresses a significant gap in existing
   research.  Data were collected from 411 surveys, primarily from companies in
   the automotive sector with more than 1,000 employees.  The analysis used
   tools such as WarpPls 8.0® for structural equation analysis and STELLA
   ARCHITECT V3.0.1® for system dynamics.  The results suggest that continuous
   improvement is fundamental to achieving social sustainability, serving as an
   enabler for tools such as TPM and JIT, which are integral to Lean
   Management, as well as philosophies like TQM. The projection indicates that
   achieving 100% implementation of these Lean Management tools will take
   approximately seven years while attaining 100% social sustainability is
   expected within 10.25 years.  It's important to note that while Lean
   Management tools like TPM and JIT play a crucial role, TQM, as a separate
   philosophy, also contributes significantly to social sustainability.
   Although these timelines are ambitious and theoretical, they underscore the
   critical importance of Lean Management tools for social sustainability.
   Caution is advised, acknowledging the potential challenges of achieving such
   ambitious goals, which should be approached with realism.  © 2024 Jordan
   Journal of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering.  All rights reserved
DE lean managementtools; social sustainability; structural equation model;
   system dynamics
ID automotive industry; just-in-time production; lean production; philosophical
   aspects; quality control; sustainable development; system theory; equation
   systems; just-in-time; lean management; lean managementtool; management
   tool; model dynamics; social sustainability; structural equation models;
   system dynamics; total productive maintenance; total quality management

---

UT 3
AR Zhou C/1, 2024, DIANLI XITONG BAOHU YU KONGZHI, V52, P70, DOI
   10.19783/j.cnki.pspc.231423
TI Market equilibrium strategy of carbon-labeled products based on system
   dynamics; [基于系统动力学的碳标签产品市场均衡策略]
AU Zhou C/1; Liu W; Zhang Y/6; Chen X/1; Hu X/1; Hu A
TC 3
SO DIANLI XITONG BAOHU YU KONGZHI
PY 2024
AB As the new power system gradually transforms into a low-carbon, high-
   efficient, and intelligent system, generation and consumption markets are
   being integrated into a unified energy market.  To solve the problems of low
   market penetration and low trading market activity of carbon labeled
   products, a market equilibrium strategy for carbon labeled products based on
   system dynamics is proposed.  First, a Stackelberg game model based on
   system dynamics is adopted, combined with an environmental utility subsidy
   mechanism, with the goal of maximizing the interests of both buyers and
   sellers.  Secondly, through simulation analysis and the support of Vensim
   software, a stock flow chart of a carbon labeled product consumption market
   is designed to examine the impact of factors such as environmental utility,
   demand, government subsidies, and product prices on the game results.  Then,
   by understanding the impact of these factors, effective strategies are
   formulated to promote the popularization and market activity of carbon
   labeled products, providing important support and a decision-making basis
   for the development of this market.  Finally, the simulation results using a
   system dynamics model show that through case analysis the model can clearly
   identify consumer purchasing preferences for products and reveal the key
   influencing factors for sellers to independently update carbon reduction
   technologies, providing a comprehensive analysis for studying the dynamic
   changes in the carbon labeled product market.  © 2024 Power System
   Protection and Control Press.  All rights reserved.
DE carbon label; excitation mechanism; stackelberg game; stock flow chart;
   system dynamics
ID atoms; commerce; computer software; decision making; decision theory; factor
   analysis; flowcharting; graphic methods; intelligent systems; purchasing;
   sales; system theory; carbon labels; equilibria strategies; excitation
   mechanisms; flow charts; market activities; market equilibrium; stackelberg
   games; stock flow chart; stock flows; system dynamics; carbon

---

UT 4
AR Kolomytseva A, 2022, AIP CONF PROC, V2425, DOI 10.1063/5.0081528
TI Model for Forecasting the Indicators of the Interorganizational Interaction
   Forms Efficiency in a Virtual Environment
AU Kolomytseva A; Iskra H; Medvedeva M; Denysenko Y
TC 0
SO AIP CONF PROC
PY 2022
AB The article presents the results of applying the applied tools of system
   dynamics to build a forecast model for indicators of the effectiveness of
   inter-organizational forms of interaction in a virtual environment.  The
   model experimentally developed in the PowerSim Studio 10 simulation
   environment makes it possible to determine the effectiveness of the balanced
   management system of the interaction processes between the personnel of a
   distributed IT project based on the developed activities.  © 2022 American
   Institute of Physics Inc.. All rights reserved.

---

UT 5
AR Galarneau KD, 2020, POULT SCI, V99, P5547, DOI 10.1016/j.psj.2020.08.011
TI A system dynamics model for disease management in poultry production
AU Galarneau KD; Singer RS; Wills RW
TC 11
SO POULT SCI
PY 2020
AB The objective of this article was to provide the nonmodeler reader of
   Poultry Science, an overview of the system dynamics modeling method (SDM)
   through development of a broiler house disease management simulator (BHDMS).
   System dynamics modeling uses feedback theory and computer-aided simulation
   to help elucidate relationships between factors in complex systems, which
   may be circular or interrupted with long delays.  Materials used to build
   the simulator include data from literature and industry indices.  The
   methods used were the steps in SDM, namely: 1) Identify the problem and
   boundaries; 2) develop a dynamic hypothesis explaining cause of the problem;
   3) build the causal loop diagram (CLD); 4) develop the stock and flow model;
   5) conduct model simulations; and 6) model validation.  Results presented
   here are the CLD and stock and flow model of the simulator, results of
   scenario simulations, and model validity tests.  The simulator consists of
   the main model, the disease submodel, and the antimicrobial use submodel.
   The main model represents a cycle of production in the broiler house of a
   specified length of time, which repeats after a specified down time.  The
   disease submodel shows population dynamics in the broiler house in terms of
   changes over time in number of susceptible, infected, recovered, and dead
   birds.  Production parameters that could be modified in the model include
   delivery size, grow-out period, down time, and efficacy of antimicrobials.
   Disease mortality levels, above the set threshold, trigger antimicrobial use
   in the model.  The model showed the effect of antimicrobial use intervention
   on the population dynamics, namely, on the proportion of the susceptible,
   infected, recovered, and dead birds in the population.  Thus, the BHDMS was
   able to simulate the effect of the intervention on population dynamics and
   would facilitate evaluating management interventions such as antimicrobial
   use.  © 2020
DE broiler house disease management simulator; poultry production system;
   system dynamics modeling; vensim
ID animal husbandry; animals; anti-infective agents; chickens; disease
   management; models biological; poultry; poultry diseases; anti-infective
   agent; animal; animal husbandry; biological model; bird disease; chicken;
   disease management; poultry; procedures

---

UT 6
AR Gao J/2, 2023, J INNOV KNOWL, V8, DOI 10.1016/j.jik.2023.100394
TI Unlocking paths for transforming green technological innovation in
   manufacturing industries
AU Gao J/2; Feng Q; Guan T; Zhang W/1
TC 46
SO J INNOV KNOWL
PY 2023
AB The double externalities of green technological innovation and disadvantages
   of the traditional extensive development of manufacturing industries hinder
   the transformation of green technological innovation in manufacturing
   industries.  Traditional research based on behavioral logic rarely focused
   on the subjective will of innovation subjects or the impact of environmental
   regulation.  To unlock the development dilemma of manufacturing industries
   from the coupling perspective of dual logic of behavior and concept, the
   concept of function is introduced into this analysis along with the
   influence of behavioral logic.  This helped to construct the model of system
   dynamics wherein green technology innovation in manufacturing is analyzed
   under the influence of environmental regulation.  The subsystems of
   willingness, behavior, and benefits of green technological innovation were
   divided by a systematic analysis of the double impact factors inside and
   outside manufacturing.  Based on the index data from 2011 to 2019, Vensim
   software was used for simulation.  Unlocking paths for transforming green
   technological innovation in the manufacturing industry were designed.  The
   conclusions show that environmental regulation positively improves the
   economic, social, and environmental performance of manufacturing industries.
   Additionally, manufacturing can unlock the dilemma by reducing the intensity
   of command-and-control, improving the intensity of market-based incentives,
   and actively stimulating public participation in environmental regulation.
   © 2023 The Authors
DE environmental regulation; green technological innovation; manufacturing
   industries; simulation of system dynamics

---

UT 7
AR Chumaidiyah E, 2025, SAGE OPEN, V15, DOI 10.1177/21582440251336516
TI Digital Marketing Intervention on Dynamic Finance and Feasibility Using
   Simulation: A Case Study
AU Chumaidiyah E; Madao M; Fauzi PM
TC 0
SO SAGE OPEN
PY 2025
AB This paper aims to design a model that assesses the impact of digital
   marketing interventions on the finance and feasibility of Micro, Small, and
   Medium Enterprises (SMEs). The model developed in this study evaluates the
   most effective digital marketing alternatives to boost sales in line with
   the production capacity of the SMEs.  The research methodology employs a
   system dynamic modeling approach to accurately represent the real system of
   SME X. The designed model comprises three subsystems: marketing, production,
   and finance, which are essential for assessing the feasibility of SMEs.
   Each subsystem includes interconnected variable elements linked through
   equations.  Simulation processes are conducted using the system dynamics
   approach with 77 variables, three scenarios, and 16 alternatives, utilizing
   the Vensim application.  The results suggest that digital marketing
   interventions effectively increase profits for small and micro-scale SMEs
   under conditions of high sales volume.  However, when sales volumes are
   relatively low, conventional marketing proves more effective in enhancing
   profits.  Effective digital marketing interventions significantly impact
   both profits and financial stability.  The model’s originality lies in its
   ability to predict future conditions resulting from digital marketing
   interventions on profits and dynamic finance.  The research’s novelty lies
   in generating new knowledge about effective digital marketing strategies.  ©
   The Author(s) 2025.
DE digital marketing; feasibility; finance; intervention; system dynamics

---

UT 8
AR Tranoulidis A, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16167196
TI Quantifying the Impact of Coal Transition on GDP Growth through System
   Dynamics: The Case of the Region of Western Macedonia, Greece
AU Tranoulidis A; Sotiropoulou R-EP; Bithas K; Tagaris E
TC 1
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB The transition from coal to more sustainable energy sources represents a
   critical shift for economies reliant on coal production.  To investigate the
   intricate processes involved in such a transition, the use of powerful
   analytical tools is essential.  This study assesses the impact of the
   delignification process on GDP growth over a 20-year horizon (2015–2035) in
   the Region of Western Macedonia, Greece, using the Vensim PLE Plus 9.0.1
   software, a robust tool for system dynamics modeling.  By developing a
   dynamic model that captures the key variables and feedback loops associated
   with coal transition, this research examines economic, social, and
   investment variables, emphasizing their causal relationships.  The study
   integrates societal, economic, and educational impacts on production
   transition, addressing issues such as unemployment, financial support, and
   investments in human resources and R&D. Additionally, it considers the
   influence of climate change on GDP. The model highlights population
   dynamics, economic development, and education as critical factors.
   Scenarios explore the impact of increased funding on education, research,
   and financial aid efficiency, providing insights into enhancing GDP in
   decarbonizing regions.  The study reveals that increased investment in
   education and human capital leads to slight improvements in local GDP,
   though the effects are not immediate.  Enhanced efficiency in government and
   European spending significantly boosts local GDP by creating strong value
   chains and local economies of scale.  It is found that the increase in
   financial support to the regions in transition is of the utmost importance
   and has a multiplicative nature, something that should encourage the
   European Union to increase its financial support tools.  The model’s
   simulations align closely with historical GDP data, validating its accuracy.
   The contributions of the present work offer valuable insights to
   policymakers and stakeholders engaged in the transition processes.  © 2024
   by the authors.
DE coal transition; development system; gdp; system dynamic
ID greece; western macedonia; alternative energy; climate change; coal;
   economic growth; european union; gross domestic product; human capital;
   spatiotemporal analysis

---

UT 9
AR Marznaki YS, 2024, TECHNOL ANAL STRATEG MANAG, V36, P501, DOI
   10.1080/09537325.2022.2037544
TI A system dynamics approach for investigating technology transfer capacities
   in Iranian polymer pipe and fittings industry
AU Marznaki YS; Khamseh A; Shakib MH
TC 1
SO TECHNOL ANAL STRATEG MANAG
PY 2024
AB The prosperity of the technology transfer process in downstream
   petrochemical industries is one of the objectives pursued by the policy-
   makers and planners of these industries.  The present study delved into the
   dynamism of the variables impacting technology transfer capacities by
   following a system dynamics approach, examining similar studies, and
   interviewing experts in the downstream petrochemical industries in the
   polymer pipe and fittings domain.  Then, causal loop diagrams were
   delineated and the causal relationships among variables were examined, and
   the VENSIM software were used for analyzing the causal loops.  Loop analysis
   implies that the experiences rooted in the recurrence of the technology
   transfer process under the auspices of international relationships are the
   main schema of technology transfer and highly influences the principal
   systems of the technology transfer process.  These systems include: (1)
   abilities to observe, identify, and prioritise technologies, (2) abilities
   to select, negotiate, conclude contracts, and acquire technologies, (3)
   abilities to adapt, attract, analyze, and exploit technologies, (4)
   abilities to develop, innovate, and promote technologies, and (5) abilities
   to diffuse, preserve, and commercialise technologies.  Likewise, the
   sanctions have severely limited international relationships, declined
   foreign associate firms’ monitoring and identification rate, and hampered
   access to the free stream of technology.  © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading
   as Taylor & Francis Group.
DE causal loops; dynamisms of technology transfer capacities; polymer pipe and
   fittings industry; technology
ID computer simulation; industrial development; innovation; petrochemical
   industry; pipe; polymer; software; technological development

---

UT 10
AR Huiping Z, 2023, KYBERNETES, V52, P4322, DOI 10.1108/K-11-2021-1188
TI Research on the mechanism of knowledge coupling affecting firms' innovation
   results driven by digitization——based on system dynamics methodology
AU Huiping Z; Yuxin Y
TC 7
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2023
AB Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to build a System Dynamics model to
   reveal the structure and dynamics of knowledge coupling affecting firms'
   innovation results in the digital context.  Design/methodology/approach:
   Drawing on the recombined view of innovation, this paper divides knowledge
   coupling into two dimensions: component knowledge coupling and architectural
   knowledge coupling.  Then, the authors build a system dynamics model to
   identify the interaction of knowledge coupling factors and use the
   professional Vensim PLE to conduct simulation analysis to capture the
   dynamic interaction of motivation factors in knowledge coupling system.
   Findings: The results show that both technology resources and digital
   dynamic capability play positive effects in the mechanism of knowledge
   coupling influencing firms' innovation results, while organizational inertia
   negatively affects the process of knowledge coupling to achieve innovation
   outcomes.  Originality/value: This study develops a holistic system dynamics
   model to reveal and elaborate on the complex dynamic mechanism of knowledge
   coupling impacting firms' innovation results in the context of digitization
   and provides a theoretical reference for companies to effectively adopt
   digital technology to carry out knowledge coupling strategy.  © 2022,
   Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE digitization; innovation results; knowledge coupling; system dynamics
ID couplings; dynamics; architectural knowledge; coupling factor;
   design/methodology/approach; digitization; firm innovation; innovation
   result; knowledge coupling; structure and dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; two-dimensions; system theory

---

UT 11
AR Min S, 2025, IND ENG MANAG SYST, V24, P29, DOI 10.7232/iems.2025.24.1.029
TI A Study on Determining Decoupling Points in Military Supply Chains for
   Uncertainty Mitigation
AU Min S; Kim T; Moon S
TC 0
SO IND ENG MANAG SYST
PY 2025
AB A decoupling point is a boundary where inventory-holding activities (push)
   and demand-responding activities (pull) meet in the supply chain.  This
   study employs simulation-based decision-making to determine the most
   suitable decoupling points to preserve maximum combat capabilities while
   mitigating future demand shocks within the military supply chain.  The
   ground ammunition supply chain model of the Republic of Korea Air Force
   (ROKAF) with three levels (echelons) is constructed.  Then, a simulated case
   study is performed using the system dynamics-based Vensim simulation
   software to determine relevant decoupling points.  In this case study, a
   situation is set up where the demand for ammunition spikes during a war.
   Through the total cost approach, it is concluded that the optimal strategy
   involves distributing an ideal amount of inventory to both the customer
   access points and the intermediate echelon.  This study has significant
   implications for supply chain decision-makers as it establishes the supply
   chain structure for anticipating uncertainties such as war solely by
   adjusting the location of the decoupling point through future-oriented
   decision-making rather than relying on historical demand data.  © 2025 KIIE.
DE decoupling point; inventory location; military supply chain management;
   uncertainty mitigation

---

UT 12
AR [Anonymous], 2021, E3S WEB CONF, V331, DOI 10.1051/e3sconf/202133107004
TI Model system dynamics potential impact of disasters due to the re-period of
   the October 25th, 2010 earthquake in the Mentawai Islands
TC 0
SO E3S WEB CONF
PY 2021
AB Geographically, the Mentawai Islands Regency has a territorial boundary with
   the sea.  The north side is the Siberut Strait, the south side is bordered
   by the Indian Ocean, the east side is bordered by the Mentawai Strait, and
   the west side is bordered by the Indian Ocean.  The Mentawai Islands Regency
   area has a high level of seismicity which makes it prone to earthquakes and
   tsunamis because it has an earthquake return period.  Population and
   economic growth in the Mentawai Islands Regency continue to increase,
   resulting in a higher level of threat due to earthquakes and tsunamis to
   people and buildings.  By using earthquake return period modeling based on
   secondary data and population and building growth modeling using system
   dynamics, Pentahelix can implement disaster risk mitigation in the Mentawai
   Islands Regency to reduce the risk of casualties and material losses.  Based
   on the prediction that the Mentawai earthquake return period on October 25,
   2010, will occur for 24 years to 57 years or around 2034 to 2067, and the
   results of system dynamics modeling with Powersim Studio 10 software, the
   number of vulnerable people affected is 24,764 people up to 42,944 people
   and potential losses.  housing sector between 144.73 billion to 250.98
   billion.  © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences.  This is an open access
   article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
   License 4.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

---

UT 13
AR Xing Q, 2025, PHARMACOL, V16, DOI 10.3389/fphar.2025.1474856
TI Drivers of innovation value: simulation for new drug pricing evaluation
   based on system dynamics modelling
AU Xing Q; Cheng W; Wang W/2; Jin C; Wang H/10
TC 2
SO PHARMACOL
PY 2025
AB Objectives: Paying for the innovative value of drugs is an important means
   of mitigating healthcare system duplication and enhancing patient health.
   Assessing and exploiting the factors influencing innovation premium to
   forecast trends and shortcomings within the pharmaceutical innovation
   ecosystem.  Methods: Utilizing system dynamics, this research constructs a
   decision evaluation system for new drug pricing in Japan.  It integrates
   various decision-making factors across dimensions such as value premium,
   marketability premium, pediatric premium, and SAKIGAKE premium, employing
   Vensim PLE software for simulation purposes.  Results: Under the current
   policy framework, pharmaceutical innovation is on the rise, with significant
   policy effects observable after 5 years.  The most substantial growth in
   value occurs in medications for rare diseases and niche markets, with
   effects varying in the short to medium term and stabilizing over the long
   term.  Sensitivity analysis highlights that factors like combination
   therapies, faster mechanisms of action, and novel therapeutic parts notably
   influence the value dimension.  Other significant factors include obtaining
   national certifications, addressing indications lacking standard treatments,
   and demonstrating superior efficacy.  The study also identifies
   underexploited opportunities related to the use of evidence in pricing
   decisions.  Conclusion: Clinical outcomes are pivotal in shaping drug
   pricing, influencing both patient and healthcare provider preferences, and
   thereby affecting market uptake and competitive dynamics.  Regulatory
   frameworks that prioritize unmet medical needs or superior drug efficacy are
   essential.  Future enhancements to the model should incorporate more real-
   world evidence and expand regulatory considerations to better reflect the
   dynamic nature of the healthcare sector and support equitable, outcome-based
   drug pricing.  Copyright © 2025 Xing, Cheng, Wang, Jin and Wang.
DE drug prices; innovation premium; pricing evaluation; system dynamics; value-
   based pricing
ID article; computer simulation; cost effectiveness analysis; decision making;
   drug cost; dynamics; health care cost; health care delivery; health care
   organization; health care personnel; health care system; health insurance;
   human; model; particle size; reimbursement; simulation; system dynamics
   modeling

---

UT 14
AR Atiaja J, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16156640
TI Dynamic Simulation of Energy Scenarios in the Transition to Sustainable
   Mobility in the Ecuadorian Transport Sector
AU Atiaja J; Arroyo F; Hidalgo V; Erazo J; Remache A; Bravo D
TC 7
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB In Ecuador, the growth of the transportation sector has significantly
   increased greenhouse gas emissions.  According to experts, this sector
   currently contributes to 49.8% of total greenhouse gas emissions in this
   country.  This poses significant challenges for environmental
   sustainability, emphasizing the urgent need for effective strategies to
   mitigate these emissions and promote environmentally friendly practices.
   Therefore, this study focuses on developing a dynamic simulation of energy
   scenarios for the year 2035 in the transportation sector, with the goal of
   transitioning to sustainable mobility, as fossil fuels are the main
   pollutants in the country.  This study proposes system dynamics models using
   VENSIM 6.0b software to estimate the total energy demand and pollutant
   emissions in the transportation sector.  The results suggest that if Ecuador
   aligns with global mobility trends and implements public policies promoting
   the use of electric vehicles, total CO2 emissions could potentially decrease
   from 50,161,432 kilobarrels of oil equivalent (kBOE) to 20,589,720 kBOE by
   the year 2035. © 2024 by the authors.
DE dynamic simulation; energy demand; pollutant emissions; sustainable
   mobility; transport sector
ID ecuador; demand-side management; electric vehicle; fossil fuel; greenhouse
   gas; pollution control; transportation

---

UT 15
AR Sangchini EK, 2021, J WATERSHED MANAG RES, V12, P119, DOI
   10.52547/jwmr.12.23.119
TI Developing a Model for the Integrated Management of Water and Soil Resources
   in the Hableh-Rud River Basin Using the System Dynamics Approach
AU Sangchini EK; Ownegh M; Sadoddin A; Zarghami M; Vayskarami I
TC 2
SO J WATERSHED MANAG RES
PY 2021
AB In this research, System Dynamics (SD) modeling was developed for
   facilitates the integrated and sustainable management of water and soil
   resources and improving the understanding of watershed systems in the
   Hableh-Rud River Basin.  Reference diagrams were created to represent causal
   relationships and feedbacks.  The conceptual model, included physical,
   economic, and social sub-systems, was created based by causal relationships
   and feedbacks.  The model of stocks and flows run in the Vensim software
   environment.  The model is comprised of Model verification was carried out
   through extreme condition tests and behavior reproduction test.  Having the
   Nash-Sutcliff and R2 coefficients with greater values than 0.62 and 0.63,
   respectively, the SD model satisfactorily simulates all variables.
   Different scenarios of vegetation management, climate, water resources
   management, and cropping patterns were compared to the outputs of the
   existing condition.  The results of scenario analyses for a 30-year period
   show that the agricultural water use efficiency scenario, as the best
   scenario, increases groundwater and water infiltration volume by 14.3 and
   11.1 percent, respectively.  With regard to the erosion and sedimentation
   variables, rangeland restoration activities were chosen as the best
   scenario, with 7.12 and 5.24 percent reduction.  The greatest reduction in
   nitrogen and phosphorous loss, 8% and 6.4% reduction could be achieved by
   implementing the rangeland restoration scenario.  From an economic
   perspective, payment for 50% of the ecosystem services, with about 46
   percent improvement compared to the current condition, was determined as the
   best scenario.  Stakeholders expressed their highest willingness to
   participate in the farm management activities with the accumulated score of
   85.6 for public acceptance index.  The SD model is a beneficial approach for
   stakeholders understanding of the causal relationships and feedbacks in the
   system.  © 2021, Sari Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources
   University.  All rights reserved.
DE cause-effect diagram; conceptual model; feedback loops; suggested scenarios;
   vensim

---

UT 16
AR Dong Y, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P870, DOI 10.1145/3656766.3656910
TI Analysis on Risk Evolution Mechanism and Emergency Management Ability of
   Public Health Emergencies in Colleges and Universities under The Background
   of Risk Society
AU Dong Y
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB COVID-19 has caused great losses to people's life safety and property, and
   has seriously affected the teaching order of colleges and universities.  In
   order to better prevent public health emergencies in risk society, based on
   the method of system dynamics, this paper constructs the diffusion evolution
   model of public health emergencies in colleges and universities against the
   background of the COVID-19 outbreak at the end of 2019. Vensim software
   simulation shows that the infection rate plays a decisive role in the
   evolution of COVID-19, and reducing the infection rate can effectively
   prevent the large-scale spread of the epidemic.  In order to further enhance
   the emergency management capacity of universities for public health
   emergencies, M university was selected as the research object.  The weight
   of the indicators for the emergency management capacity of universities was
   determined through Analytic Hierarchy Process, and the fuzzy comprehensive
   evaluation method was used to assess the risk of the emergency management
   capacity of universities for public health emergencies.  Measures were
   proposed to improve the emergency management capacity of universities for
   public health emergencies.  © 2023 ACM.
DE colleges and universities; emergency management; public health emergencies;
   risk evolution; risk society
ID civil defense; computer software; covid-19; disasters; health risks; public
   health; risk analysis; risk management; colleges and universities; emergency
   management; emergency management capacity; evolution mechanism; health
   emergencies; infection rates; management ability; public health emergency;
   risk evolution; risk societies; risk assessment

---

UT 17
AR Kurniawan M, 2025, JORDAN J MECH IND ENG, V19, P775, DOI
   10.59038/jjmie/190407
TI Halal Supply Chain Traceability and Food Safety Model Based on Blockchain
   Technology and the Internet of Things Using a System Dynamics Approach
AU Kurniawan M; Suparno S; Vanany I
TC 0
SO JORDAN J MECH IND ENG
PY 2025
AB This study aims to develop a system dynamics model for halal supply chain
   traceability and food safety based on Blockchain and Internet of Things
   (IoT) technology.  This approach addresses the lack of transparency,
   efficiency, and trust in the food supply chain.  The model is constructed
   using primary and secondary data (primarily from Indonesia to facilitate the
   simulation process), simulated using Vensim PLE, and validated through
   behavioral, structural, extreme, and parameter tests.  This study developed
   three scenarios: increased growth efficiency, increased investment, and
   increased farmer storage capacity.  During the simulation period, blockchain
   and IoT implementation increased food availability for consumption by 5% and
   reduced fresh food inventory losses by 3%. The scenario of increasing farmer
   storage capacity showed a 10% increase in food availability and reduced
   fresh food inventory losses by 4% compared to the initial model.  Thus, the
   proposed approach helps maximize food availability and reduce fresh food
   inventory losses more optimally.  © 2025 Jordan Journal of Mechanical and
   Industrial Engineering.  All rights reserved
DE blockchain; food safety; halal supply chain; internet of things; system
   dynamics; traceability
ID agriculture; digital storage; dynamics; efficiency; food safety; food
   storage; food supply; investments; safety engineering; supply chains; system
   theory; blockchain; food availability; food safety; fresh food; halal supply
   chain; model-based opc; safety modeling; storage capacity; system dynamics;
   traceability; internet of things

---

UT 18
AR Ganji F, 2021, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V28, P31327, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-12773-5
TI System dynamics approaches to assess the impacts of climate change on
   surface water quality and quantity: case study of Karoun River, Iran
AU Ganji F; Nasseri M
TC 20
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2021
AB The aim of this research is to gain a better understanding of the effects of
   climate change with a comprehensive and dynamic perspective.  Therefore, by
   using the System Dynamics (SD) approach to simulate the effects of climate
   change on the quality and quantity of the Karoun River and regarding the
   water supply and demand systems in the region and their feedback relations,
   a model was developed in Vensim.  CGCM3 outputs under A2, B1, and A1B
   emission scenarios have been used to investigate the effects of climate
   change on both the quality/quantity of the water resources system.  Also, to
   determine the effects of climate change on agricultural demand, the water
   requirement of selected crops for the next period (2015–2050) has been
   calculated via CROPWAT model.  The results show that the maximum and minimum
   temperature and evaporation will increase.  The results of the developed SD
   model show that if the current development process continues under all three
   climate change scenarios, the system will be able to meet the domestic,
   industrial, and environmental demand.  However, the supply of agricultural
   demand will be deficient.  Also, the average EC value in Ahvaz station under
   three emission scenarios has increased more than 21%, compared to the
   15-year average.  The average pH value did not change much.  Then, several
   proposed management scenarios were evaluated to improve system performance.
   The results show that the scenario of optimal operation of upstream dams has
   the best performance.  However, due to the unrealistic growing trend,
   despite applying this scenario, the development of the agricultural sector
   will fail down after a few years.  Therefore, to reach a long-term solution
   to the problem of water shortage, the growth trend of this sector for the
   next period should be reviewed in light of the effects of climate change.  ©
   2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH, DE
   part of Springer Nature.
DE climate change; karoun river; system dynamics; water quality and quantity
ID climate change; iran; rivers; water quality; water supply; climate change;
   seasonal variation; surface water; water quality; water resource; water
   supply; climate change; iran; river; water quality; water supply

---

UT 19
AR Musyarofah SA, 2025, BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG, V22, DOI
   10.14488/BJOPM.2391.2025
TI Qualitative system dynamics model for composing industrial estate readiness
   factors
AU Musyarofah SA; Tontowi AE; Masruroh NA; Wibowo BS
TC 0
SO BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG
PY 2025
AB Goal: This paper analyzes the factors composing industrial estate (IE)
   readiness through Qualitative System Dynamics (SD) to provide an overview of
   the phenomena occurring in IE in Indonesia.  Design/Methodology/Approach: SD
   modeling analyzes all the factors that compose the IE’s readiness.  The
   stages were problem articu ation, boundary selection, and formulation of the
   dynamic hypothesis by designing Model Boundary Diagrams (MBD) and Causal
   Loop Diagrams (CLD) using Vensim software.  Results: The CLD results capture
   the factors composing Indonesia’s IE readiness model.  Those factors include
   supply chain readiness, market readiness, human resources readiness,
   regulatory readiness, institutional readiness, and selection of the right
   industrial estate location.  In addition, several policy recommendations are
   proposed to help overcome the problems faced by the development of IE in
   Indonesia.  Limitations of the investigation: The SD model used is still
   qualitatve (up to the CLD stage), the factors that compose IE readiness have
   yet to be quantified, and there is no model validation.  Further study is
   needed to quantify the model by obtaining empirical data and developing
   practical measurement indicators.  Practical implications: The model is
   expected to be beneficial for IE decision-makers and policymakers, including
   the government and other stakeholders, to develop the IE by measuring the
   readiness of lEs from all aspects so that the IE can attract more industrial
   tenants and optimize the IE occupancy rate will be optimal.  Originality /
   Value: Describe tne cause-and-effect relationship model based on the diagram
   for IE readiness as a recommendation for designing a readiness measurement
   tool for IF development in Indonesia.  In addition, it can complement
   existing readiness documents as evaluation mater al for developing lEs in
   Indonesia at this time.  © 2025, Associacao Brasileira de Engenharia de
   Producao.  All rights reserved.
DE indonesia; industrial estate; qualitative; readiness; system dynamics

---

UT 20
AR Zou C, 2024, LIBR SERV, V68, P3, DOI 10.13266/j.issn.0252-3116.2024.03.001
TI System Dynamics Analysis of Public Data Security Resilience Governance
   System; [公共数据安全韧性治理体系的系统动力学分析]
AU Zou C; Ma H/1; Wang J/3
TC 5
SO LIBR SERV
PY 2024
AB [Purpose/Significance] Public data involves a large amount of content
   related to national security, trade secrets, and personal privacy.  To
   prevent and resolve public data security risks on the basis of correct
   understanding and evaluation tests the wisdom of national and government
   public data security management, and has become the key to improving the
   modernization of national governance system and ensuring the national
   security.  [Method/Process] According to the theory of security resilience,
   this paper proposed a public data security resilience governance system
   including four modules, that is, early warning system, response system,
   recovery system and growth system.  With the system dynamics method, it
   conducted simulation experiments through Vensim PLE to explore the dynamic
   relationship between key factors and combined factors.  [Result/Conclusion]
   The simulation results indicate that the collaboration system and technology
   iteration variables of public data security in the post-growth system have a
   significant impact on its guarantee system.  The collaborative development
   of early warning systems, response systems, and recovery systems has a
   significant impact on the sustainable development of the public data
   security guarantee system construction.  Based on this, this study proposes
   feasible suggestions for building a resilient governance system for public
   data security.  © 2024 LIS Press Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE public data; resilience governance; safety resilience; system dynamics

---

UT 21
AR [Anonymous], 2023, AFR J FOOD AGRIC NUTR DEV, V23, P24317, DOI
   10.18697/ajfand.123.23370
TI POLICY STRATEGIES IN PLANNING ADAPTATION OF THE SUSTAINABLE PALM OIL
   INDUSTRY IN MERAUKE REGENCY PAPUA PROVINCE OF INDONESIA
TC 0
SO AFR J FOOD AGRIC NUTR DEV
PY 2023
AB In the Papua region, the expansion of the palm oil industry increased by up
   to 71% from 2011 to 2019, with the largest affected area located in Merauke
   regency.  The objective of this research is to develop policy strategies
   with impact simulations related to economic, socio-cultural, and
   environmental issues for the sustainability of the palm oil industry with or
   without a moratorium on further expansion of land area.  This study employs
   a system dynamics approach.  The dynamic system is carried out through
   conceptual development, model specification, model verification, scenario
   development, and validity testing by measuring the absolute percentage error
   (MAPE). Model development and validation were carried out using PowerSim v.7
   software.  The policy scenario is simulated from the palm oil expansion
   policy beguan in 2018, until the research year ends in 2030. The validated
   results, forming the basis for simulations, exhibit high accuracy with a
   MAPE of less than 5%. The percentage deviations of 4.21% for production and
   0.28% for land area is observed based on actual data from 2018 to 2022. The
   simulation of a 20% expansion scenario shows a significant increase in
   production to 1 million metric tons per year but also a 1.3% rise in waste
   generation, with an average waste volume of 350,000 tons per year.  The
   expanded area will experience a 50% increase in the labor force to meet the
   higher production demand.  The proposed comprehensive strategy includes
   regional contract regulations, diligent monitoring of land clearing,
   community empowerment, and indigenous peoples' involvement.  It also
   promotes smallholder plantations, the utilization of waste for energy, and
   alternative markets for crude palm oil (CPO). Conversely, the dynamic model
   scenario with a moratorium on land expansion resulted in a production output
   of 600,000 metric tons, slower job market growth, and a 1.3% increase in
   waste generation, with an average waste volume of 195,000 tons per year.
   The strategy proposed uses proper waste processing, production adjustments,
   regulation of community rights and boundaries, resource development, and
   involvement of local palm farmers.  These simulations offer valuable
   insights for sustainable decision-making, emphasizing the need to balance
   economic growth, environmental protection, and community well-being in the
   development of the palm oil industry.  © (2023), (African Scholarly Science
   Communications Trust (ASSCAT)). All Rights Reserved.
DE dynamical system; moratorium; palm oil; scenario strategy; sustainability

---

UT 22
AR Shao B, 2021, WOOL TEXT J, V49, P94, DOI 10.19333/j.mfkj.20201204107
TI Research on bullwhip effect of clothing supply chain based on system
   dynamics; [基于系统动力学的服装供应链"牛鞭效应"仿真研究]
AU Shao B; Ye C
TC 0
SO WOOL TEXT J
PY 2021
AB Aiming at the problems of information asymmetry, low inventory turnover
   rate, imbalance between production and sales and poor coordination brought
   by the bullwhip effect of supply chain to garment enterprises, the formation
   mechanism of bullwhip effect in clothing supply chain was studied, a three-
   level clothing supply chain model was built based on system dynamics, and
   Vensim was used to simulate and analyze ZARA supply chain as an example.
   The results demonstrate that the change of demand, delay period and expected
   inventory coverage time of enterprises can aggravate the bullwhip effect in
   clothing supply chain and reduce the inventory turnover rate of enterprises.
   According to the characteristics of clothing supply chain, the study put
   forward the targeted inventory control strategy was put forward to weaken
   the influence of bullwhip effect in the supply chain, the backlog of
   enterprise inventory was alleviated and the response speed and inventory
   turnover rate of clothing supply chain was improved.  © 2021 Quanguo Maofang
   Keji Xinxi Zhongxin.  All rights reserved.
DE bullwhip effect; clothing supply chain; simulation; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 23
AR Ríos-Ocampo J, 2022, SYST DYN REV, V38, P354, DOI 10.1002/sdr.1718
TI Using analytical equations to represent nonlinear relationships
AU Ríos-Ocampo J; Gary MS
TC 3
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 2022
AB Table functions, also referred to as graphical functions, provide a powerful
   and user-friendly way to represent nonlinear relationships between variables
   in system dynamics (SD) models.  However, in many cases modelers may benefit
   from using analytical equations to represent nonlinear relationships for
   model sensitivity testing and also for communicating with researchers in
   other fields and disciplines.  We propose six analytical equations that can
   be used to represent many of the nonlinear relationships commonly formulated
   using table functions in SD models.  Specifically, this article provides
   guidance on using the generalized logistic function, the exponential
   function, the modified exponential function, the quadratic function, the
   logarithmic function and the power function to replace existing table
   functions.  Importantly, we also present a version of each equation that
   includes an interior reference point.  We demonstrate how to apply these
   analytical equations in SD models by replacing the table functions in the
   original World Dynamics model.  We also provide a Python script to help
   implement our recommended procedure for incorporating the six analytical
   equations into models and a Vensim macro for each analytical equation.  ©
   2022 The Authors.  System Dynamics Review published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd
   on behalf of System Dynamics Society.  © 2022 The Authors.  System Dynamics
   Review published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of System Dynamics
   Society.
ID equation; numerical model; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 24
AR Selivanova A, 2025, RELIAB ENG SYST SAF, V260, DOI
   10.1016/j.ress.2025.111031
TI Creation of a System Dynamics model of recovery of affected areas after
   radioactive contamination
AU Selivanova A; Krejčí I; Sedlářová-Nehézová T; Hůlka J; Češpírová I; Kuča P
TC 3
SO RELIAB ENG SYST SAF
PY 2025
AB The presented work focuses on current state-of-the-art in mathematical
   modeling, specifically addressing atmospheric dispersion, radiation
   transport, and related issues.  Central to this research is the development
   of a mathematical model designed to support recovery processes following
   extensive contamination by radionuclides.  The model of recovery employs the
   System Dynamics methodology, recognized for its suitability in addressing
   complex problems characterized by non-linear behaviors, e.g., radioactive
   decay.  The model is developed utilizing Vensim software.  Consequently, the
   recovery model integrates dosimetry estimates with economic analyses.  It
   forecasts contamination impacts on a variety of objects including buildings,
   agricultural lands, forests, and transportation infrastructure.  To compile
   the necessary input data for the model, simulations were conducted using
   specialized codes, i.e., JRODOS and MCNP. Furthermore, empirical data
   concerning the Czech demographic profile, basic characteristics of
   buildings, and land-use data were employed.  Subsequent to these preparatory
   steps, the model underwent a comprehensive cost-benefit analysis of relevant
   countermeasures, adapted to the actual conditions in Czechia.  Considering
   very low atmospheric releases, no substantial decontamination actions would
   be required.  For severe accidents, the results of simulated decontamination
   corresponded to real-case data obtained from the Fukushima clean-up.  The
   obtained results can be used for decision-making by stakeholders and
   policymakers.  © 2025 Elsevier Ltd
DE accident; contamination; decision making; decontamination; radiation;
   recovery; simulation; system dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; atmospheric radioactivity; input output programs;
   population statistics; radiation damage; radiation decontamination;
   radioactive waste transportation; radioactive wastes; affected area;
   atmospheric dispersion; decisions makings; on-currents; on-currents;
   radioactive contamination; simulation; state of the art; system dynamics;
   system dynamics modeling; system theory

---

UT 25
AR LI H, 2023, ENG, V39, P11, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1006-8023.2023.01.002
TI Prediction of Sustainable Development Level of Maoershan Forest Farm Based
   on System Dynamics
AU LI H; DONG L; LIU Z
TC 3
SO ENG
PY 2023
AB Establishing a sustainable development evaluation system was an important
   means to study the level of sustainable development.  However, most relevant
   researches only analyze the current situation of the research area, and
   there were relatively few studies on the simulation and prediction of the
   future sustainable development trend of the area.  Therefore, this paper
   selected 23 indicators from the economic, environmental, social and other
   aspects to establish sustainable development at the management unit scale
   based on the second-phase forest resources survey data of Maoershan Forest
   Farm in 2004 and 2016. The index weight was determined by the entropy weight
   method and the AHP method, and the evaluation result was calculated by the
   exponential weighting method; and with the help of the system dynamics
   method, Vensim PLE software was used to draw the system dynamics flow chart,
   find the relationship between variables, and construct the system dynamics
   model, then predicted the sustainable development level of the forest farm
   to 2035 under five different development paths in the future.  The results
   showed that the sustainable development level in 2004 was 0. 597, and in
   2016 it was 0. 833, indicating that the Maoershan Forest Farm had been
   upgraded from the weak sustainable stage to the primary sustainable stage,
   showing a good development trend.  Under the five simulated development
   paths, the comprehensive development type can make the sustainable
   development level of the forest farm reach 0. 924 in 2035, which was a
   better development path compared with the current status path simulation
   level of 0. 899 and other development paths.  © 2023, Department of Journal
   of Forest Engineering (Harbin). All rights reserved.
DE ahp method; entropy weight method; maoershan forest farm; sustainable
   development; system dynamics

---

UT 26
AR Hosseinkhani M, 2023, HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION, V7, DOI
   10.18502/htaa.v7i2.13816
TI Simulating Flexibility of the Smart Supply Chain in Iran’s Health Industry
   Using System Dynamics Approach
AU Hosseinkhani M; Heydariyeh SA; Razi FF; Tilehnouei MH
TC 0
SO HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION
PY 2023
AB Background: Making a smart and digital supply chain has always been a key
   phenomenon and a vital factor in organizational transformation.  This can
   play a key role in a country’s health industry.  The output can help
   policymakers check the smart supply chain’s flexibility level and then
   provide a basis for improving flexibility in the health industry by
   presenting possible scenarios.  Objectives: This study aims to improve the
   flexibility of the smart supply chain using the system dynamics method by
   improving intelligence variables.  Methods: This study used the system
   dynamics approach and VENSIM DSS to extract and present a dynamic model to
   investigate and indicate the smart supply chain’s flexibility in Iran’s
   health industry.  The gap between the current and desired situations was
   identified, and then by implementing possible scenarios, which have been
   taken from experts’ opinions, steps were taken to improve the supply chain’s
   flexibility.  Results: Based on the results, smart supply chain flexibility
   in Iran is unfavorable and probably faces many problems in providing
   medicine and health services.  Under possible scenarios, the highest level
   of smart supply chain flexibility in Iran’s health industry relies on the
   institutionalization of smart warehouses or smart communication by 5% during
   the period under review.  This can increase the average smart supply chain
   flexibility level to 2.08% and 1.4%, respectively.  Conclusions: According
   to the scenarios, policymakers can provide the groundwork for improving the
   flexibility of the supply chain of the health industry by changing one of
   the two variables of smart warehouse and smart communication.  © 2021 Tehran
   University of Medical Sciences.
DE flexibility; health industry; simulation; smart supply chain; system
   dynamics

---

UT 27
AR Taylor IW, 2025, J SIMUL, DOI 10.1080/17477778.2025.2492682
TI A system dynamics-based digital twin application for mealworm farming
AU Taylor IW; Koul S; Araujo F; Campbell B
TC 1
SO J SIMUL
PY 2025
AB Digital Twins (DTs) are virtual models that simulate real-world systems.
   This study introduces a DT for mealworm farming based on the System Dynamics
   (SD) approach.  The SD-based Mealworm Farm Digital Twin (MFDT) as an
   application is intended to enhance the efficiency of mealworm farming
   operations.  The development process involved interviewing a mealworm farmer
   and implementing the findings using Vensim Software and Stella Architect.
   The model utilises qualitative causal loop diagrams to represent feedback
   and stock and flow diagrams for quantitative analysis.  The mealworm farming
   method encompasses the simulation of crucial elements such as production,
   inventory management, and cost structures.  The mealworm farmer used the
   MFDT to assess several policies and determine the most effective pricing
   strategies to yield the quickest return on investment and long-term retained
   earnings.  Also, the effects of reducing the mealworm maturity cycle and
   using higher-cost organic feed, highlighting the importance of balanced
   operational modifications, were investigated.  The MFDT also simulates
   customer behaviour and market dynamics, facilitating the development of
   efficient marketing strategies and enhancing customer satisfaction by
   balancing supply and demand.  The MFDT includes scenarios that offer
   critical insights into developing robust management strategies by simulating
   real-world challenges, improving decision-making and ensuring sustainable
   and profitable farming practices.  The MFDT is a valuable tool for farmers
   to experiment with various techniques and assess their impacts without the
   risks of real-world experiments.  © 2025 The Operational Research Society.
DE digital twins; dt; mealworm farming; sd model; system dynamics modeling
ID market research; resource allocation; sales; strategic planning; user
   experience; causal loop diagrams; development process; mealworm farming;
   real-world system; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; system
   dynamics modeling; vensim softwares; virtual models; decision making

---

UT 28
AR Quispe D, 2023, ECOL APL, V22, P113, DOI 10.21704/rea.v22i2.2087
TI MODEL OF VICUÑA-SHEEP INTERACTION IN RESERVA NACIONAL PAMPA GALERAS; [MODELO
   DE INTERACCIÓN ENTRE VICUÑAS Y OVINOS EN LA RESERVA NACIONAL DE PAMPA
   GALERAS]
AU Quispe D; Quispe J
TC 0
SO ECOL APL
PY 2023
AB The highland is the habitat of the camelids; the vicuña is the smallest wild
   camelid with a fine fiber.  The Reserva Nacional Pampa Galeras – Barbara
   D’Achille (RNPG) in Peru has been home to vicuñas since ancient times, where
   the vicuñas coexist with domestic animals.  The objective of this research
   was to analyze the effect that the presence of sheep population generates on
   the temporal stability of the vicuña population in the RNPG under the system
   dynamics approach.  The methodology consisted of using a socio-ecological
   model that considers the main relationships of the ecosystem and four
   scenarios were proposed, the first considers variations in the variables
   associated with the sheep (food consumption by the sheep and time spent in
   the reserve) and three scenarios considering changes in precipitation
   (permanent rainfall of different intensity, rainfall with periodic maximum
   and minimum pulses and random rainfall) using Stella software.  The main
   results indicate that the population of sheep does not directly influence of
   the vicuña population because the behavior of vicuñas in all scenarios tends
   to self-regulate over time (10 years). The sheep population shows temporal
   permanence in the RNPG; and their presence is inversely associated with the
   rainy season, which suggests that the rural families access the reserve to
   marginally use the pastures during the dry season.  © Departamento Académico
   de Biología, Universidad Nacional Agraria La Molina, Lima – Perú.
DE competition; domesticated animals; interaction; socio-ecological model;
   stability

---

UT 29
AR [Anonymous], 2022, STUD THEORY APPL, V45, P103, DOI
   10.16353/j.cnki.1000-7490.2022.02.014
TI Simulation Study of Competitive Intelligence Early Warning Mechanism for
   Small and Micro Enterprises Based on Big Data Thinking;
   [基于大数据思维的小微企业竞争情报预警机制仿真研究]
TC 4
SO STUD THEORY APPL
PY 2022
AB [Purpose/ significance] This study explore the construction of competitive
   intelligence early warning mechanism and its simulation effect for small and
   micro enterprises from the perspective of big data thinking, so as to
   provide reference for small and micro enterprises to successfully carry out
   competitive intelligence early warning work.  [Method/ process] Taking micro
   and small enterprises as the research object, we investigate the competitive
   intelligence early warning mechanism of micro and small enterprises based on
   big data thinking, and construct the causal feedback relationship diagram
   and system flow diagram among the elements of the early warning mechanism
   using the system dynamics method, and simulate the model by using Vensim PLE
   software.  [Result/ conclusion] From the simulation results, it can be seen
   that the model well simulates the operation of competitive intelligence
   early warning mechanism of micro and small enterprises, and the sensitivity
   analysis reveals that the application rate of big data technology, the
   participation rate of enterprise strategic alliance, the reference rate of
   risk index system, the application rate of competitive intelligence methods,
   and the degree of system improvement all have positive effects on
   competitive intelligence early warning, which can provide theoretical basis
   and decision support for micro and small enterprises to carry out
   competitive intelligence early warning work.  © 2022 Information studies:
   Theory and Application.  All rights reserved.
DE big data thinking; competitive intelligence; early warning; simulation;
   small and micro enterprises; system dynamics

---

UT 30
AR Xia Y, 2026, SYST, V14, DOI 10.3390/systems14030254
TI Research on Simulation and Structural Optimization of Integrated
   Crop–Livestock Systems in Jilin Province
AU Xia Y; Lv X; Xu S; Guo H/1
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2026
AB The integrated crop–livestock farming model not only enhances resource
   utilization efficiency and reduces environmental pollution but also serves
   as a vital pathway for promoting sustainable agricultural development.
   System dynamics models enable in-depth analysis of dynamic system changes.
   Therefore, in this study, we constructed a comprehensive system dynamics
   model for the combination of farming and raising in Jilin Province, and used
   Vensim-PLE software(Version 6.3) to simulate and predict the dynamic changes
   of the agricultural structure and the future development trend based on the
   data of the planting and raising industry from 2006 to 2021. The results of
   the study show that: (1) It is expected that by 2035, the grain crop
   production, cash crop production, hog and beef cattle output, as well as the
   utilization of straw and livestock and poultry manure in Jilin Province will
   increase significantly.  And the livestock and poultry manure load warning
   value reaches 0.35, which does not pose a threat to the environment.  (2) By
   setting the simulation structure optimization analysis, it is found that the
   integrated crop-livestock systems performs the best in terms of economic,
   social, ecological and environmental benefits.  (3) In 2035, Jilin Province
   should control the total crop planting area within 7250 thousand hectares,
   the number of hog output should not exceed 25 million, and the number of
   beef cattle slaughtered should not exceed 4.25 million, so as to ensure that
   the early warning value of livestock and poultry fecal matter loading is
   lower than 0.4, and to achieve the balance of farming and maximize economic
   benefits.  Finally, this paper proposes policy recommendations to optimize
   crop structures, develop precision farming and aquaculture technologies,
   establish resource recycling projects, and strengthen policy support and
   technology promotion.  © 2026 by the authors.
DE integrated crop-livestock systems; scenario simulation; sustainable
   development; system dynamics
ID agricultural economics; agricultural pollution; economic analysis; economic
   and social effects; fertilizers; grain ( agricultural product ); livestock;
   manures; structural optimization; beef cattle; crop production; integrated
   crop-livestock system; jilin province; livestock manure; livestock systems;
   poultry manure; scenario simulations; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; sustainable development

---

UT 31
AR Guo C, 2025, APPL SCI, V15, DOI 10.3390/app15105627
TI Research on the Implementation Effect of Incentive Policies for
   Prefabricated Buildings Based on System Dynamics: A Chinese Empirical Study
AU Guo C; Yan W; Guo Z/1
TC 1
SO APPL SCI
PY 2025
AB Incentive policies for prefabricated buildings (PBIP) can effectively
   promote the development of prefabricated buildings (PB) and improve the
   sustainability of the construction industry, attracting increasing attention
   from academia and industry.  The government has issued many PBIPs (including
   land policy, plot ratio reward policy, fund policy, financial support
   policy, preferential tax policy, research and development support policy,
   and construction process management policy) but the implementation effect of
   PBIP remains to be clarified, especially regarding the research gap from a
   dynamic perspective.  This study proposes an analytical framework of policy
   implementation effect based on the chain of “policy text content–policy
   impact path–policy implementation effect”, aiming to analyze the
   implementation stage and effect of PBIPs using the system theory analysis
   method.  Combining the main factors affecting the PBIP impact system, a
   quantitative model containing 50 variables is established based on the
   system dynamics (SD) model.  Finally, using Shenyang, one of China’s first
   PB pilot cities, as an example, the system simulation and sensitivity
   analysis of main parameters are carried out in Vensim software.  The
   research results indicate that PBIP in Shenyang has not been fully utilized
   and targeted improvements and strengthened implementation of PBIP are
   needed.  In the simulation of individual policies, the implementation effect
   of fund policy is the best, and the impact of research and development
   support policy on carbon reduction is the most significant.  The promotional
   effect of the policy combination on PB development is more prominent.  Using
   the policy combination reasonably is necessary to leverage the incentive
   effect fully.  Simulation and sensitivity analysis results provide valuable
   insights for government departments to enhance the implementation
   effectiveness of the existing PBIP. This study responds to the global trend
   of promoting sustainable building development.  It proposes a new framework
   for systematically analyzing the implementation effects of PBIPs, filling
   the research gap in policy evaluation from a dynamic perspective.  Its
   methods and findings are not only applicable to the Chinese context but also
   provide valuable experience for other countries to develop and optimize
   PBIPs.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE dynamic simulation; government intervention; implementation effect;
   incentive policies; policy tools; prefabricated buildings; system dynamics
ID architectural design; prestressed materials; project management; research
   and development management; sensitivity analysis; taxation; dynamics
   simulation; government intervention; implementation effects; incentives
   policy; policy implementations; policy tools; research gaps; research and
   development support; support policy; system dynamics; system theory

---

UT 32
AR Škraba A, 2021, IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG, V1047, DOI
   10.1088/1757-899X/1047/1/012084
TI Parametrization of bass diffusion model on COVID-19 first wave data
AU Škraba A; Vavtar B; Stanovov V; Semenkin E; Stojanović R
TC 3
SO IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG
PY 2021
AB The paper addresses the development of the system for the parameterization
   of the Bass Diffusion Model on Covid-19 Data.  Continuous model developed by
   the principle of system dynamics is presented.  The parameters of the model
   are tuned to fit the data with genetic algorithm in Powersim simulation
   tool.  The validation is performed by standard simulation validation
   techniques.  The input data used in the experiments were gathered by
   publically available databases.  In particular, the data collected in
   Austria, France, Italy, South Korea, Slovenia and Swiss were considered in
   this study.  The results have shown that the simple model with is capable of
   predicting the growth with S-shaped curve with high accuracy.  © Published
   under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.

---

UT 33
AR Xu M, 2022, JIXIE GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V58, P270, DOI 10.3901/JME.2022.12.270
TI Collaborative Quality Value Modeling for Intelligent Manufacturing of
   Nuclear Power Equipment Based on System Dynamic Flow Diagram;
   [基于系统动力流图的核电装备智能制造协同质量价值建模]
AU Xu M; Yi Q; Shan Y; Xiong S; Cao H/1; Yi S
TC 5
SO JIXIE GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2022
AB In view of the problem of increasing collaborative management cost caused by
   different economic interests of each participant in the process of nuclear
   power equipment construction, it is urgent to analyze the formation of
   collaborative quality value.  Therefore, a collaborative quality value
   modeling method of nuclear power equipment intelligent manufacturing based
   on system dynamic flow diagram is proposed.  The connotation of
   collaborative quality value in intelligent manufacturing of nuclear power
   equipment is defined.  Based on collaborative quality management activities,
   the formation and increment process of collaborative quality value are
   analyzed, and 34 key influencing factors of collaborative quality value are
   screened by Vague set method.  The collaborative quality value chain model
   of intelligent manufacturing of nuclear power equipment is constructed by
   value chain method.  On this basis, Vensim PLE7.3.5 software is used to
   establish the dynamic flow diagram of the system, and the weight of each
   parameter in the flow diagram is determined by comprehensive integration
   weighting method.  Based on this system dynamic flow diagram, the dynamic
   behavior of collaborative quality value increment process is analyzed to
   reveal the influence of key management factors on collaborative quality
   value increment, and the strategy of collaborative quality value increment
   of nuclear power equipment is obtained.  This study provides a new research
   idea and direction for establishing value-driven collaborative quality
   assurance mechanism and maximizing the value of the whole value chain of
   nuclear power.  © 2022 Editorial Office of Chinese Journal of Mechanical
   Engineering.  All rights reserved.
DE collaborative quality value; intelligent manufacturing; nuclear power
   equipment; system dynamic flow diagram
ID construction equipment; dynamics; flowcharting; nuclear energy; nuclear
   fuels; nuclear power plants; collaborative quality value; dynamic flows;
   flow diagram; intelligent manufacturing; nuclear power equipments; quality
   value; system dynamic flow diagram; system dynamics; value chains; value
   model; quality assurance

---

UT 34
AR Nazarian-Jashnabadi J, 2023, EXPERT SYS APPL, V234, DOI
   10.1016/j.eswa.2023.121010
TI A dynamic expert system to increase patient satisfaction with an integrated
   approach of system dynamics, ISM, and ANP methods
AU Nazarian-Jashnabadi J; Rahnamay Bonab S; Haseli G; Tomaskova H; Hajiaghaei-
   Keshteli M
TC 37
SO EXPERT SYS APPL
PY 2023
AB It is unquestionable that health, both individually and collectively, is the
   most important issue in life, which is why human beings pay special
   attention to health maintenance and recovery.  The correct performance of
   the services attracts the patient's satisfaction, which is not only
   influenced by the latest technology and is influenced by many variables.
   Therefore, the present study provides a dynamic expert system of patient
   satisfaction with an integrated approach of system dynamics, Interpretive
   Structural Modeling (ISM), and Analytic network process (ANP). First, the
   general structure of the problem was determined based on ISM modeling, and
   the formulation was done in Vensim software.  Then, the validation tests,
   including the behavior reproduction test and the sensitivity analysis, were
   carried out, and the accuracy of the system was proved.  In this regard, the
   ISM method was used to identify the levels of causal relationships between
   the studied variables, and the most influential variables were identified.
   Then, the most important criteria were identified with the ANP method and
   used in identifying policies.  Finally, the simulation was carried out, and
   different policies were reviewed.  The results showed that the criteria were
   placed on three levels, and the type of connection and their importance were
   clearly defined.  The ISM and ANP methods have an interesting synergy with
   the system dynamics approach and help identify leverage points.  According
   to the results, managers can adopt strategies that affect patient
   satisfaction with the greatest impact and the least action and take
   corrective measures.  © 2023 The Authors
DE anp; dynamic expert system; health system; ism; patient satisfaction
ID cell proliferation; integrated control; sensitivity analysis; system theory;
   analytic network; analytic network process; dynamic expert system; health
   systems; integrated approach; interpretive structural models; model
   networks; network process; patient satisfaction; process methods; expert
   systems

---

UT 35
AR Pradana HA, 2022, J DEGRADED MIN LANDS MANAG, V9, P3317, DOI
   10.15243/jdmlm.2022.092.3317
TI Simulation for water quality management using system dynamics modeling in
   the Bedadung Watershed, East Java, Indonesia
AU Pradana HA; Novita E; Purnomo BH
TC 4
SO J DEGRADED MIN LANDS MANAG
PY 2022
AB The potential for pollution of rivers is influenced by river-water discharge
   and the distribution of pollution sources.  This research aimed to examine
   recommendations for water quality management in the Bedadung River segment
   of the Patrang, Sumbersari, and Kaliwates Districts as an urban area of
   Jember Regency refer to simulations of the total pollution load capacity for
   10 years (2016-2026) using a system dynamics modeling.  The preparation of a
   system dynamics modeling used Powersim 5.0 software.  It could represent
   holistic environmental management modeling.  The input data were total
   suspended solid (TSS), biochemical oxygen demand (BOD), chemical oxygen
   demand (COD) and the streamflow of the Bedadung River.  The model scenarios
   were the business of usual, moderate, and optimistic scenarios involving
   environmental and socio-economic aspects.  The medium-term and long-term
   recommendations for water quality management of the Bedadung River based on
   system dynamics simulation were respectively moderate scenario and
   optimistic scenario.  The strategies of the moderate scenario were
   application of the best management practice method in agricultural
   cultivation, improving sanitation and domestic wastewater treatment,
   implementing clean production in the field of livestock and industry, as
   well as waste management on riverbanks.  These alternative strategies for
   river water quality management can be used as consideration for protecting
   surface water sources in urban areas.  © 2022 Journal of Degraded and Mining
   Lands Management.  All rights reserved.
DE pollution load capacity; sustainable; system dynamics; water quality
   standard

---

UT 36
AR Campuzano-Bolarín F, 2025, LECT NOTES DATA ENG COMMUN TECH, V276, P199, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-032-10126-6_32
TI From Natural Language to Executable Models.  How ChatGPT Writes a System
   Dynamics Model
AU Campuzano-Bolarín F; López-López D; Martín-García J
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES DATA ENG COMMUN TECH
PY 2025
AB The process of creating a simulation model, in particular using the System
   Dynamics methodology, is a complex and time-intensive task.  It begins with
   a clear understanding of the problem, followed by the identification of key
   variables, and culminates in the construction of a Stock and Flow Diagram
   (SFD). Traditionally, this process has been laborious, requiring significant
   manual effort to translate a conceptual understanding into a functional
   model.  With the advent of advanced AI tools like ChatGPT, this process can
   be significantly streamlined.  This paper presents a personalized ChatGPT
   prompt, DAVID© (Draw A Vensim Initial Draft) that can automate the creation
   of a complete Vensim model, from problem description to a fully functional
   simulation.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG 2025.
DE artificial intelligence; chatgpt; modeling; system dynamics; vensim
ID natural language processing systems; system theory; chatgpt; executable
   modeling; key variables; modeling; natural languages; simulation model;
   stocks and flows; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; vensim;
   artificial intelligence

---

UT 37
AR Vargas-Mesa DS, 2021, TECH TOOLS METHODOL APPL QUAL ASSUR MANUF, P351, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-030-69314-5_16
TI Dynamic study of soil improvement for sugarcane cultivation in colombia
AU Vargas-Mesa DS; Torres-Lozada LK; Osorio-Gómez JC; Torres-Lozada P
TC 1
SO TECH TOOLS METHODOL APPL QUAL ASSUR MANUF
PY 2021
AB Sugarcane cultivation is one of the main crops in Valle del Cauca, Colombia.
   However, intensive agricultural production leads to soil depletion (which in
   the long run can seriously affect production) and, therefore, the economic
   development of the region and the country.  System dynamics is a discipline
   that allows long-term study of the behavior of complex systems from the
   feedback relationships between variables, by studying both the structure and
   behavior of systems.  It is particularly recommended for complex systems
   with nonlinear relationships, and in cases which exhibit a time delay
   between the actions taken and the expected consequences of those actions.
   In this study, it was proposed to evaluate through the system dynamics
   methodology, and the possible long-term impacts that this crop could
   generate in the Valle del Cauca's soils.  The simulation's model was applied
   using Vensim DSS software and it explored soil recovery scenarios using
   compost, which is produced from sugarcane residues composting (cachaça and
   bagasse). It was evident that the utilization of this by-product can
   represent an important contribution in the soil's loss and degradation
   reduction, plus economic and environmental benefits.  Although the proposed
   model has been applied to the specific case of sugarcane, it can be
   replicated in other types of crop, thus becoming a valuable tool for the
   decision-making process involved in crop planning.  © Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG 2021.
DE land use; soil improvement; sugarcane; systems dynamics

---

UT 38
AR Abdi-Dehkordi M, 2021, ENV DEV SUSTAIN, V23, P16246, DOI
   10.1007/s10668-021-01340-0
TI Developing a sustainability assessment framework for integrated management
   of water resources systems using distributed zoning and system dynamics
   approaches
AU Abdi-Dehkordi M; Bozorg-Haddad O; Salavitabar A; Goharian E
TC 13
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2021
AB The management of large-scale water resources systems requires including of
   different stakeholders and users from municipal, agricultural, industrial
   and environmental sectors.  This has baffled the process of decision making
   for integrated water resource systems.  In such systems, the interactions
   between various stakeholders must be carefully taken into account with the
   goal of aggregating interests around the sustainability concept.  In this
   study, first, the integrated water resources systems of Big Karun Watershed,
   Iran, have been modeled using the system dynamics approach.  The system
   dynamics model represents the interactions between different components of
   the system, including water transfer projects, dams, urban, industry,
   agriculture and fish farming, and environmental demands.  Vensim software
   has been used for the system dynamics modeling.  Vensim simulates the
   dynamics behavior of the sub-systems and overall performance of the system
   by comparing the current operation policies with the future management
   scenarios.  A wide range of performance indices, such as quantitative and
   qualitative water stress, income, cost, and productivity, have been used
   here to represent different aspects of sustainability goals.  Finally, the
   performance of the systems has been evaluated by developing a sustainability
   index using distributed zoning model in order to identify proper management
   policies for this watershed.  The results indicate that downstream users
   demand cannot be fully met by solely considering inter-basin water transfer
   and agricultural development projects.  The sustainable and integrated
   management of the whole system ties into enhancement in both infrastructure
   systems and the operation of the whole system.  It is expected that the
   sustainability of the basin improves if a water market schema exists and the
   gained money would be used to enhance the efficiency of existing irrigation
   networks.  © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature
   B.V.
DE big karun basin; integrated water resources management; sustainability;
   system dynamics approach
ID iran; assessment method; decision making; integrated approach; irrigation
   system; maximum sustainable yield; qualitative analysis; sustainability;
   water management; water resource; watershed

---

UT 39
AR Norris G, 2021, IEEE SYST ENG DES SYMP SIEDS, DOI
   10.1109/SIEDS52267.2021.9483721
TI Analyzing Homeless Service Systems in Local Government Using a Systems
   Engineering Framework
AU Norris G; Qureshi A; Russo K; Gomez MS
TC 1
SO IEEE SYST ENG DES SYMP SIEDS
PY 2021
AB This paper investigates efficiency improvement opportunities within homeless
   service systems in the United States through modeling and simulation.
   Homeless service systems in the United States continue to evolve but are
   challenged by facility capacity and operational constraints.  In this paper,
   a Maryland county homeless service system is selected as the case study for
   analysis.  Data is collected through personnel interviews, Housing and Urban
   Development (HUD) data, and summarized annual reports from the client.
   Using a regression analysis model, key variables in flow-rates to stable
   housing solutions are determined in order to construct a system dynamics
   model of the homeless service system.  This model is run for a period of 2
   years, using the simulation software Vensim to identify bottlenecks as
   potential areas of improvement within the system.  Model success is defined
   by HUD system performance measures, such as the length of time persons
   remain homeless and the rates at which persons placed in stable housing
   solutions return to homelessness.  The model is further evaluated with the
   findings from a directed literature search of related case studies, semi-
   structured interviews with industry personnel, and a comparison to national
   best practices.  The model will be generalized to simulate the HUD system
   performance measures of other homeless service systems in the United States.
   Additionally, the model will inform recommendations of identified
   improvements, such as altering ratios of case managers to facility
   occupants, modifying the intake assessment process, and optimizing facility
   programs for improved client flow.  These recommendations will be applied to
   create a prototype dashboard for the client.  This dashboard will be used as
   a forecasting tool to aid in decision-making affecting the operation of
   local homeless service systems.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE homelessness; policy; simulation
ID computer software; decision making; head-up displays; housing; personnel;
   systems engineering; urban growth; efficiency improvement; engineering
   frameworks; model and simulation; operational constraints; regression
   analysis models; semi structured interviews; system dynamics model; system
   performance measures; facilities

---

UT 40
AR Zuo Z, 2023, J DALI JIAOTONG UNIV, V44, P1, DOI
   10.13291/j.cnki.djdxac.2023.06.001
TI Research on Supply-Demand Response Relationship of Public Transportation
   Travel Based on System Dynamics; [基于系统动力学城市公交出行供求响应关系研究]
AU Zuo Z; Dong J/4
TC 0
SO J DALI JIAOTONG UNIV
PY 2023
AB In order to reveal the changes of the supply-demand structure of public and
   private transportation travel in the stage of urban development, the
   allocation of supply-demand resources for urban public transportation travel
   are studied.  Based on traffic supply-demand theory, taking the demand
   situation of urban private and public transportation as the research object
   and taking Dalian as an example, the system dynamics model of transit supply
   and demand response relationship and quantitative equations are established.
   Using Vensim software to simulate data, the dynamic changes of travel demand
   and road supply in Dalian after the construction of metro are obtained,
   which verifies that public transportation can play an important role in
   regulation.  Meanwhile the ideal travel structure relationship between cars
   and public transportation travel demand is obtained, the dynamic evolution
   relationship of the travel structure sharing ratio at different stages is
   analyzed.  Some suggestions on the public transportation development are
   proposed.  © 2023 Editorial Office of Journal of Dalian Jiaotong University.
   All rights reserved.
DE public transportation priority; supply-demand response relationship; system
   dynamic; urban transportation; vensim

---

UT 41
AR Hijazi I, 2022, ISPRS ANN PHOTOGRAMM REMOTE SENS SPAT SCI, V10, P97, DOI
   10.5194/isprs-annals-X-4-W2-2022-97-2022
TI Urban Growth Simulation Using Urban Dynamics and Citygml: A Use Case from
   the City of Munich
AU Hijazi I; Donaubauer A; Hamm A; Falkenstein A; Kolbe TH
TC 6
SO ISPRS ANN PHOTOGRAMM REMOTE SENS SPAT SCI
PY 2022
AB Urban dynamics modelling using system dynamic (SD) approaches aims to
   provide an understanding of the major internal forces within an urban area,
   such as population development.  SD models provide valuable information for
   decision and policy making.  Urban systems are strongly related to the urban
   space, which is well described by geospatial data.  Therefore, the
   connection of SD and geospatial data is advantageous, both for feeding
   spatial information into SD models and for further spatial analyses and for
   visualizing the results of SD in geographic context.  This paper describes a
   new approach to combine an SD model with a semantic 3D city model.  Our
   approach shows that a bidirectional data exchange between semantic city
   models and SD models improves the predictions generated by the SD models.
   Furthermore, we show that automatic modification of the semantic city model
   by the output of the SD model allows for 3D visualization and further
   analysis of future scenarios.  Since semantic 3D city models and SD models
   have complex data structures, and since the models have evolved in very
   different domains, integrating the models is a complex task.  In order to
   facilitate the integration process, we developed a conceptual model, which
   describes the data structures of the semantic city model and of the SD model
   as well as the bidirectional relations between the models using the concept
   of model weaving.  The approach was tested using the SD tool Vensim and a
   CityGML data set from the city of Munich for an urban densification use
   case.  © 2022 I. Hijazi et al.
DE citygml; semantic 3d city models; spatial system dynamics; system dynamics;
   urban dynamics
ID 3d modeling; data integration; data structures; electronic data interchange;
   system theory; three dimensional computer graphics; urban growth; city
   model; citygml; geo-spatial data; growth simulation; model dynamics;
   semantic 3d city model; spatial system dynamics; system dynamics; system
   dynamics modeling; urban dynamics; semantics

---

UT 42
AR Jia S, 2021, CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC, V23, P1027, DOI
   10.1007/s10098-020-02013-8
TI Effect of combined strategy on mitigating air pollution in China
AU Jia S
TC 9
SO CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC
PY 2021
AB Abstract: Air pollution has worsened as a result of increased traffic
   congestion in cities.  Using air pollution caused by motor vehicle emissions
   (mainly by carbon monoxide, hydrocarbon, nitrogen oxide, and particulate
   matter) as an example, in this study, we applied an integrated algorithm
   comprising system dynamics, entropy weight method, and gray system theory to
   establish a weighted logic function.  A vehicle pollutant control model
   (including the transport, health, and environmental subsystems) was
   established by VENSIM software.  The medium- and long-term key variable
   analysis showed that the integrated algorithm, fully reflecting the
   advantages of system dynamics and gray system theory, more accurately
   described air pollution caused by vehicle emissions.  Our research results
   also revealed that the combined strategy of penalties and air pollution
   charging fee had a threefold effect: reduced congestion and emissions,
   improved health impact index, and reduced number of illegal trips.
   Specifically, the degree of traffic congestion, number of illegal trips, and
   the degree of air pollution decreased by approximately 82.40%, 69.35%, and
   68.91%, respectively, whereas the health impact index increased by about
   279.03%. This finding provides guidance for improving policy and optimizing
   management and control modes.  Graphic abstract: [Figure not available: see
   fulltext.] © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag
   GmbH, DE part of Springer Nature.
DE air pollution; emission reduction; integrated algorithm; system dynamics;
   threefold effect
ID air pollution; carbon monoxide; crime; health; nitrogen oxides; system
   theory; traffic congestion; vehicles; air pollution in chinas; entropy
   weight method; gray system theory; integrated algorithm; key variable
   analysis; management and controls; motor vehicle emissions; particulate
   matter; pollution control

---

UT 43
AR Wang F, 2022, J ENV MANAG, V318, DOI 10.1016/j.jenvman.2022.115623
TI Scenarios and sustainability of the economy–nitrogen-resource–environment
   system using a system dynamic model on the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau
AU Wang F; Liu S/1; Liu H/4; Liu Y/13; Yu L; Wang Q/6; Dong Y/2; Tran L-SP; Su
   J; Zhao W/1
TC 15
SO J ENV MANAG
PY 2022
AB Nitrogen (N) plays a vital role in the development of crop production and
   animal husbandry in agricultural and pastoral areas.  However, the
   irrational utilization of N resources and subsequent environmental issues
   with rapid economic development has attracted wide public attention.
   Coordinating the economy–N-resource–environment (ENRE) system is of great
   importance for regional sustainable development.  In this study, the
   dynamics of the ENRE system of a typical agricultural and pastoral area on
   the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau (QTP) were simulated using the VENSIM software
   from 1998 to 2018. Four typical scenarios (current development scenario,
   economic development scenario, environment protection scenario and resource
   optimization scenario) are established to assess the sustainability level
   and the coupling coordination degrees (CCDs) of the three subsystems, i.e.,
   the economy, N-resource and environment subsystems from 2019 to 2030. Our
   study indicates that the N flow-based system dynamics (SD) model connects
   the different subsystems of the ENRE system together well and allows
   different scenario simulations.  From 2019 to 2030, the ENRE system is at a
   weak sustainability level during the simulation period, and the three
   subsystems are at slightly unbalanced stages of development in terms of CCD
   level.  The sustainability and CCD levels of the four examined scenarios are
   as follows: resource optimization scenario > economic development scenario >
   environment protection scenario >current development scenario, with average
   values of 0.45, 0.37; 0.42, 0.36; 0.41, 0.35; and 0.39, 0.34, respectively.
   Under the resource optimization scenario, reducing N inputs to food
   production and consumption and reducing the planting area of cash crops can
   effectively improve the N use efficiency of the food chain in the N-resource
   subsystem (15.34% from 2019 to 2030 on average). Our results provide a
   reference for promoting sustainable development and formulating policies in
   agricultural and pastoral regions.  © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
DE coupling coordination degree; economynitrogen-resourceenvironment system;
   scenario analysis; sustainability level; system dynamics
ID animal husbandry; animals; china; conservation of natural resources;
   economic development; nitrogen; tibet; qinghai-xizang plateau; crops;
   cultivation; economic and social effects; economics; environmental
   protection; nitrogen; resource allocation; system theory; nitrogen;
   coordination degree; coupling coordination degree; development scenarios;
   economic development; economynitrogen-resourceenvironment system;
   environment systems; resources environments; scenarios analysis;
   sustainability level; system dynamics; animal husbandry; crop production;
   dynamic analysis; scenario analysis; sustainability; agricultural land;
   article; calibration; cash crop; conceptual model; economic development;
   environmental protection; food chain; food industry; food intake; land use;
   natural resource; prediction; recycling; simulation; software; sustainable
   development; tibet; validation process; animal; animal husbandry; china;
   economic development; tibet; sustainable development

---

UT 44
AR Ma M/1, 2023, J BUILD ENG, V75, DOI 10.1016/j.jobe.2023.107050
TI A system dynamics model for assessing impacts of policies on supply and
   demand of recycled aggregate
AU Ma M/1; Tam VW; Le KN; Osei-Kyei R
TC 12
SO J BUILD ENG
PY 2023
AB It has become urgent for virgin aggregate to be replaced with recycled
   aggregate, because acquiring virgin aggregate involves considerable amount
   of energy and carbon dioxide emissions.  In recent decades, governments
   worldwide have formulated policies to develop the market for recycled
   aggregate, while introduction of these policies could cause uncertainties in
   its supply and demand, potentially hindering its market acceptance.  This
   study develops a system dynamics model to assess impacts of five policies
   (i.e., enhanced supervision on illegal dumping, landfill charge, subsidies
   for recycling activities, development of recycling centers, and restriction
   on mining) on the supply and demand of recycled aggregate.  The model is
   described through Vensim PLE software, and Chongqing, China is selected as a
   case study.  Single policies, including enhanced supervision, development of
   recycling centers and landfill charge are observed to have limited impacts
   on supply and demand of recycled aggregate.  When the subsidy equals to 50
   yuan/ton (or US $7.41/ton), the subsidy policy could suppress the increase
   in illegal dumping percentage and increase the supply of recycled aggregate.
   Restriction on mining could contribute to the growth of demand.  However,
   single policies are found to have limitations and combination of policies
   should be considered.  Impacts of three different combination policies are
   discussed in this study.  Findings of this study could contribute to
   practice of C&D waste management and present possible stimulus to use
   recycled aggregate.  © 2023 The Authors
DE market development; policy instrument; recycled aggregate; supply and
   demand; system dynamics model; waste recycling
ID aggregates; carbon dioxide; commerce; crime; global warming; land fill;
   mining; public policy; system theory; carbon dioxide emissions; energy;
   illegal dumping; market acceptance; market development; policy instruments;
   recycled aggregates; system dynamics modeling; uncertainty; wastes
   recycling; recycling

---

UT 45
AR Peng S/1, 2023, GAODIANYA JISHU, V49, P3478, DOI
   10.13336/j.1003-6520.hve.20230451
TI System Dynamics of the Evolutionary Development of Coupled Wind-hydrogen-
   coal System for Wind-coal Enriched Areas; [面向风煤富集区域的风−氢−煤耦合系统演化发展系统动力学]
AU Peng S/1; Yang S/2; Yuan T
TC 9
SO GAODIANYA JISHU
PY 2023
AB Under the goal of “carbon neutrality”, alleviating the problem of new energy
   consumption and getting out of the environmental pollution dilemma are the
   main challenges faced by wind-coal enriched areas.  This paper uses hydrogen
   energy as a coal intermediary to deeply integrate the rich wind and coal
   resources in wind-coal-rich regions in the industrial chain to form a wind-
   hydrogen-coal coupling system.  Based on the system dynamics, the internal
   interaction and feedback mechanism of the wind-hydrogen-coal coupling system
   are clarified, a system dynamics model of the evolution and development of
   the wind-hydrogen-coal coupling system is established, and simulation is
   carried out by the Vensim software, moreover, the emission reduction effect
   and economic benefits of the wind-coal coupled development are emphatically
   analyzed.  The results show that the wind-hydrogen-coal coupling system with
   green hydrogen as the fulcrum is economically and technically feasible, and
   the hydrogen storage can reduce carbon emissions by nearly 1.36 million tons
   with an economic benefit of 10 billion.  The system can realize the
   development of economy growth and carbon emission decoupling by taking
   advantage of the renewable, low-cost wind power and the rich coal-based
   resources in the region, and help the wind-coal enriched areas achieve the
   goal of “carbon peak” by 2030 as scheduled.  © 2023 Science Press.  All
   rights reserved.
DE carbon peak; carbon reduction; new energy consumption; system dynamics;
   wind-coal enriched areas; wind-hydrogen-coal coupling system
ID carbon; coal; computer software; costs; economic and social effects;
   economics; emission control; system theory; wind power; carbon peaks; carbon
   reduction; coupling systems; energy consumption; new energies; new energy
   consumption; system dynamics; wind hydrogens; wind-coal enriched area; wind-
   hydrogen-coal coupling system; energy utilization

---

UT 46
AR Song J/3, 2021, J MOD, V41, P112, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1008-0821.2021.05.013
TI Research on Dynamic Model of Competitor Research System of Strategic
   Emerging Enterprises in Big Data Environment; [大数据环境下战略性新兴企业竞争对手研究体系动力学模型研究]
AU Song J/3; Wang K; Shen Y/3; Guo X; Che Y
TC 1
SO J MOD
PY 2021
AB [Purpose/Significance] To explore the impact of the big data environment and
   the characteristics of strategic emerging industries on the company's
   competitive intelligence work‚ and to provide reference for related
   companies to carry out competitor research in the future.  [Method/Process]
   This article analyzed the research process and system of strategic emerging
   companies' competitors in the big data environment‚ used Vensim PLE software
   to construct the dynamic model of the strategic emerging company's
   competitors research system in the big data environment and conducts
   simulations.  [Results/Conclusions] The simulation model and results
   simulated the competitor research process of strategic emerging companies in
   a big data environment‚ and can provide a theoretical basis for strategic
   emerging companies to formulate effective competitor analysis strategies.  ©
   2021 Editorial Board of Journal of Modern Information.  All rights reserved.
DE big data environment; competitor research system; simulation; strategic
   emerging enterprises; system dynamics modeling

---

UT 47
AR Shahsavari-Pour N, 2023, APPL SCI, V13, DOI 10.3390/app13031662
TI A System Dynamics Approach to Optimize Milk Production in an Industrial
   Ranch
AU Shahsavari-Pour N; Rahimi-Ashjerdi S; Heydari A; Fekih A
TC 5
SO APPL SCI
PY 2023
AB The milk production process on an industrial ranch consists of various and
   regular activities, with each requiring a proper management approach.
   Different variables also affect the milk production process, and the maximum
   milk production is achieved by identifying critical variables.  This work
   was motivated by the Fereidan Ahrar ranch management in Isfahan, Iran, which
   seeks to identify and optimize important variables to increase milk
   production.  This unit also considers livestock omission due to disease and
   losses as one of the important issues.  This kind of omission is followed by
   the increased medical costs of the ranch.  This paper investigated a system
   dynamics approach and Vensim software to simulate the milk production
   process considering the combination of demographic livestock and medical
   costs.  System sensitivity was analyzed using the design of experiment (DOE)
   technique and some scenarios were proposed to maximize milk production by
   identifying and tuning important variables affecting milk production.  The
   simulation results of the designed model showed five important variables
   affecting milk production.  These variables include the production cycle
   rate, voluntary omission rate, change rates of female calves per year that
   are entered into the life cycle of the ranch, pregnant heifers that become
   dairy herds after calving, and finally, the effect of the medical costs.  ©
   2023 by the authors.
DE design of experiments; milk production; optimization; simulation; system
   dynamics

---

UT 48
AR Van Breda IM, 2023, LECT NOTES PROD ENG, VPart F1162, P537, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-15602-1_39
TI A Gamified Learning Approach Using Systems Modelling for Understanding the
   Effects of Asset Management Decision-Making
AU Van Breda IM; Jooste JL; Hummel V
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES PROD ENG
PY 2023
AB Engineering asset management is a broad and multidisciplinary field with a
   variety of interconnected facets.  Asset management (AM) encompasses a
   larger spectrum of risk, finance, and maintenance factors that make managing
   assets a complex and integrated multidisciplinary process.  An industrial
   and educational challenge is to provide holistic training and insight in a
   comprehensible way for developing learner understanding and knowledge about
   the larger system’s effect and practical implications of decision-making
   across the multidisciplinary facets of AM. In this paper, it is argued that
   gamification may present a suitable alternative for addressing this
   challenge.  Arguments are presented in support of gamification, based on the
   success of existing games within industrial environments and the respective
   state of the art.  The paper presents the design and development of a
   simulation-based game of AM using an architecture for bidirectional learning
   for serious game development.  The game model is developed using system
   dynamics (SD). The paper further explores the applicability of SD methods to
   model an AM game.  Two software modelling tools (Vensim and AnyLogic) are
   used to explore the benefits and limitations of SD methods to simulate the
   dynamics being considered.  The strength of the SD method resides in its
   ability to enhance and simplify learning in complex systems.  The paper
   concludes with an outlook of progress with the development of an AM
   simulation-based game.  © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE asset management; gamification; serious gaming; system dynamics; system
   modeling
ID asset management; learning systems; serious games; software design; system
   theory; assets management; dynamic method; engineering asset managements;
   gamification; learning approach; management decision making; management is;
   serious gaming; system dynamics; system models; decision making

---

UT 49
AR Choudhary P, 2022, IEEE ENG MANAG REV, V50, P20, DOI
   10.1109/EMR.2022.3180003
TI System Dynamics Based Analysis of Oil and Gas Supply Chain Disruptions
   During COVID-19
AU Choudhary P; Jain NK
TC 5
SO IEEE ENG MANAG REV
PY 2022
AB COVID-19 has shocked global humanity and forced the world for continued
   lockdown and sudden economic turmoil.  The oil and gas (O&G) sectors have
   experienced a nearly catastrophic besides undergoing supply-demand stalemate
   and free fall of crude price.  Such an unbalance has impacted the supply
   chain of the O&G industry, having diverse 'Hotspots.'  Besides the growth of
   green energy, the oil sector contributes significantly to the energy
   security for the majority of the countries.  Hence, the O&G sector needs to
   consider resilience strategies against such hotspots critically.  This
   article has identified such critical hotspots and analyzed their moderation
   by developing a Systems Thinking for Education and Research software model
   with system dynamics (SD) approach.  The SD model is simulated with the data
   input of crude price, forecast demand, and strategy for the upcoming fiscal
   years.  The Indian O&G sector is chosen as a case study; however, globally,
   the uniformity of the O&G supply chain could be effectively applied.  The
   results indicate a drastic decline in production, revenue, sustainability,
   and net profits, though the critical resilience strategies are suggested.
   Despite a comprehensive exhibit of difficulties, the oil industry is
   expected to stay innovative, resilient, and compelling and eventually
   balances the slump as economic situations improve.  © 1973-2011 IEEE.
DE covid-19; hotspots; oil and gas ( o and g ); resilience strategies; system
   dynamics ( sd ); systems thinking for education and research ( stella )
   software
ID energy policy; supply chains; system theory; covid-19; free fall; gas supply
   chain; hotspots; oil and gas; resilience strategy; stella software; supply
   chain disruptions; supply-demand; system dynamics; energy security

---

UT 50
AR Chen X/4, 2025, BUILD, V15, DOI 10.3390/buildings15070996
TI System Dynamics Simulation of Intervention Strategies for Unsafe Behaviors
   Among Prefabricated Building Construction Workers
AU Chen X/4; Gao Y/4; Chen R; Huang B; Ma L/1
TC 2
SO BUILD
PY 2025
AB Prefabricated building construction is a crucial approach to achieving
   “green” building goals, yet it differs significantly from traditional cast-
   in-place construction methods.  Due to complex cross-operations, high
   mechanization requirements, insufficient worker experience, and inadequate
   safety measures, prefabricated construction faces greater safety management
   challenges than traditional methods.  This study identifies 17 key
   indicators influencing unsafe behaviors among prefabricated building
   construction workers across four dimensions: physical environment,
   individual factors, team factors, and safety management.  A combined
   weighting method, integrating the entropy weight method and the coefficient
   of variation method, was employed to determine the weight of each factor.
   Based on the weight analysis results, a system dynamics intervention model
   for unsafe behaviors of prefabricated building construction workers was
   developed and simulated using the Vensim platform.  The results indicate
   that, among single intervention measures, improving individual comprehensive
   skills has the most significant effect, reducing unsafe behaviors by 37.78%,
   though this still falls short of the desired target.  In contrast, combined
   interventions yield superior outcomes, with reductions of 68.87% for
   individual factor interventions, 59.93% for safety management interventions,
   46.32% for team factor interventions, and 20.71% for physical environment
   interventions.  These findings highlight the significant advantages of
   combined interventions.  Based on the study results and the characteristics
   of prefabricated construction, this paper proposes specific intervention
   strategies, emphasizing the importance of training and institutional
   development to systematically enhance workers’ safety behaviors.  © 2025 by
   the authors.
DE entropy weighting method; intervention measures; prefabricated building;
   system dynamics; unsafe behavior
ID artificial intelligence; partitions ( building ); project management; safety
   factor; building construction; construction workers; entropy weighting
   method; individual factors; intervention measures; intervention strategy;
   physical environments; safety management; system dynamics; unsafe behaviors;
   system theory

---

UT 51
AR Quintana Quispe FR, 2025, PROC INT ASTRONAUT CONGR IAC, P437, DOI
   10.52202/083099-0042
TI Projection Of Space Industry Growth In Developing Countries: A System
   Dynamics Model Applied To The Case Of Peru
AU Quintana Quispe FR; Roman-Gonzalez A
TC 0
SO PROC INT ASTRONAUT CONGR IAC
PY 2025
AB This research presents the design and application of a system dynamics model
   aimed at projecting the potential growth of the space industry in developing
   countries, using Peru as a case study.  The purpose of the work is to
   explore, from a prospective perspective, the critical interactions among
   public and private investment, specialized talent formation and retention,
   scientific and technological infrastructure, international cooperation, and
   the demand for space services.  The model, built in Vensim and simulated
   over a twenty-year horizon with quarterly resolution, incorporates
   reinforcing and balancing feedback loops as well as structural delays
   associated with human capital development and capacity expansion.
   Simulation results indicate that isolated interventions have limited
   effects, while an integrated strategy that combines investment in research
   and development, talent formation, and institutional adoption produces
   superior growth trajectories.  This scenario accelerates the creation of
   firms and expands the user base, although constrained by the early
   saturation of infrastructure.  Consequently, talent emerges as the main
   leverage point of the ecosystem, while installed capacity acts as a critical
   limit that must be expanded in parallel with demand.  The proposed framework
   is parsimonious, reproducible, and scalable, and provides a useful tool for
   guiding evidence-based policies in emerging economies.  Copyright © 2025 by
   the International Astronautical Federation (IAF). All rights reserved.
DE emerging economies ( peru ); policy evaluation; space economy; system
   dynamics
ID developing countries; economics; international cooperation; investments;
   design and application; emerging economies; emerging economy ( peru );
   industry growth; policy evaluation; potential growth; space economy; space
   industry; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; system theory

---

UT 52
AR Al-Kofahi ZG, 2022, INT J CONSTR MANAG, V22, P1355, DOI
   10.1080/15623599.2020.1711494
TI System dynamics modeling approach to quantify change orders impact on labor
   productivity 1: principles and model development comparative study
AU Al-Kofahi ZG; Mahdavian A; Oloufa A
TC 46
SO INT J CONSTR MANAG
PY 2022
AB In construction projects, change orders are commonly issued by the owner and
   may cause interruption to the contractor’s work, resulting in loss of labor
   productivity, delay, and cost overruns, which may lead to claims.  Because
   of the complexity in linking the cause of the productivity loss to the
   change order, the relationship is not well understood.  The contractor must
   prove with a credible calculation that the productivity loss was a result of
   the change order issued by the owner to be able to receive compensation.
   Compared to all available productivity loss quantification methods, the
   measured mile approach is considered the most acceptable and popular in
   litigation.  This study is a discourse on the understanding, use, and
   potential application of system dynamics within quantifying change orders’
   impact on labor productivity.  The model boundary, including Endogenous and
   Exogenous variables, are identified.  After determining the parameters used
   in modeling, the CLD is constructed to understand the system structure
   better.  A system dynamics model is developed using Vensim software,
   verified, validated, and utilized to quantitatively measure the influence of
   the change in the project scope on labor productivity.  To examine the
   applicability of the proposed model, it has been implemented to a real
   highway construction case study, and the impacts of various variables on
   labor productivity loss have been studied using the data for two completed
   highway construction projects from FDOT. The study can be applied to
   construction projects that faced change orders, and as a result of these
   changes, the contractor’s performance was affected.  The proposed model can
   be used to determine the primary sources that result in labor productivity
   loss on a specific type of task.  © 2020 Informa UK Limited, trading as
   Taylor & Francis Group.
DE change orders; construction projects; labor productivity; model development;
   system dynamic

---

UT 53
AR Guo Z/1, 2024, J TECHNOL TRANSF, V49, P660, DOI 10.1007/s10961-022-09989-z
TI Identifying the implementation effect of technology transfer policy using
   system dynamics: a case study in Liaoning, China
AU Guo Z/1; Shen J; Li L
TC 11
SO J TECHNOL TRANSF
PY 2024
AB Given that technology transfer provides an important boost for promoting
   national economic development, technology transfer policy (TTP) has
   attracted more and more attention from academia and industry.  The
   government issued many policies.  However, the implementation effect of TTP
   still needs to be clarified.  This study is carried out from the progressive
   level of “text content-influence path-implementation effect.’’ It aims to
   adopt a systematic analysis method to analyze policy tools and policy
   implementation stages, then builds a conceptual framework of the influence
   path of TTP. Then the relationship between variables in the qualitative
   model was clarified, and the system dynamics (SD) model was used to build a
   quantitative model with four feedback loops.  Finally, taking Liaoning,
   China as an example, the system simulation and sensitivity analysis of the
   main parameters are implemented in Vensim PLE. Different policy tools have
   different roles in the TTP impact stages of research, transfer, and
   industrialization.  Based on the data of 2013–1019, the SD model constructed
   in this paper can be used to predict the implementation effect of TTP during
   2020–2015. Simulation and sensitivity analysis results provide practical
   enlightenment for government departments to improve the implementation
   effect of the existing TTP. This study also provides other researchers with
   a systematic understanding for improving the implementation effect of TTP
   with a "text content-influence path-implementation effect" conduction chain
   and provides new insights for further research on TTP. © The Author(s),
   under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of
   Springer Nature 2022.
DE implementation effect; l24; l26; l38; o31; o32; o38; policy simulation;
   sensitivity analysis; system dynamics; technology transfer policy
ID economic and social effects; system theory; technology transfer; case-
   studies; economic development; implementation effects; liaoning; policy
   simulation; policy tools; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling;
   technology transfer policy; text content; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 54
AR Gao Y, 2022, IEEE INT CONF UNIVERS VILLAGE UV, DOI
   10.1109/UV56588.2022.10185473
TI Smart City Development Index
AU Gao Y; Li Z/6
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF UNIVERS VILLAGE UV
PY 2022
AB Smart city is a new stage of development after industrial city, and a
   product of human science and society.  Task 1: Based on the development of
   smart city, it selects 26 indicators of 7 main factors and draws the
   hierarchical structure chart by holding the scientific selection principle.
   When determining the weight of factors at each layer, it uses the consistent
   matrix method to compare the pair and pair factors, judges the consistency
   ratio of the obtained matrix, and finally determines the weight of each
   indicator.  The smart city development index is the value of the second-
   level index multiplied by their respective weights and then summed, and the
   development level of the city is divided with 0.5 as the standard.  Task 2:
   Firstly, compared with China's GDP, it is found that Hangzhou's growth rate
   is always higher than that of China, while Harbin's GDP is lower than
   Hangzhou's and its development is slower.  According to the development
   index proposed in the first question, the scores of Hangzhou and Harbin are
   calculated and the trend chart is drawn.  It is found that before 2017, the
   development of Harbin was higher than that of Hangzhou, but after that, the
   growth rate of Hangzhou was faster and Hangzhou surpassed Harbin.  After
   2017, the scores of Hangzhou both exceeded 50, that is, both were above the
   average development level.  Task 4: Based on the system dynamics theory, the
   smart city system dynamic model is constructed based on the data of Hangzhou
   City.  The model includes seven parts: smart economy, intelligent humanity,
   intelligent energy management, intelligent medical treatment, intelligent
   urban infrastructure, intelligent environmental protection, and urban
   planning and crowd management.  Vensim was used to simulate the model, and
   the results showed that the future construction level of Hangzhou would be
   stable but rising, and all subsystems would play an important role in urban
   development, among which the smart economy was the most obvious.  Finally,
   according to the conclusions of the research, some suggestions and plans are
   provided for Hangzhou and Harbin from the aspects of green development,
   science and technology, government leadership and so on.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE hierarchical analysis; smart city; uv system
ID environmental management; environmental technology; growth rate; urban
   growth; consistent matrix; hangzhou; hierarchical analysis; hierarchical
   structures; human science; human society; industrial city; selection
   principles; structure chart; uv systems; smart city

---

UT 55
AR Wang L/4, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P662, DOI 10.1145/3659211.3659325
TI Research on supply chain risk based on OWA operator and system dynamics
AU Wang L/4; Guang X; Zhu W/1
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB After the concept of supply chain management was put forward in the 1980s,
   it had a great impact on many industries such as agriculture, timber and
   oil.  Due to the rapid development of modern logistics, more and more
   logistics enterprises are faced with a large number of order data, and as
   the logistics system becomes more and more complex, they are faced with more
   and more risks.  Artificial risk identification can no longer meet the
   problems faced by current logistics enterprises.  Therefore, the awareness
   of identifying logistics risk through computer simulation has gradually
   appeared in people's vision.  In this dissertationr, the characteristics of
   general supply chain and agricultural supply chain are compared by
   expounding relevant theories of supply chain and agricultural supply chain,
   and the risk types, model methods and risk influencing factors used in this
   paper are introduced in detail.  The risk assessment decision based on OWA
   operator and the risk assessment method based on system dynamics were used
   for quantitative research.  The sequence of risk events and the fluctuation
   of risk changes were obtained, and the risk assessment decision based on OWA
   operator was simulated with C# programming language, and the risk assessment
   based on system dynamics was simulated with Vensim.  © 2023 ACM.
DE agricultural supply chain risk; owa operator; system dynamics; vensim
ID c++ ( programming language ); agricultural supply chain risk; agricultural
   supply chains; decision-based; logistics enterprise; owa operators; risk-
   based; risks assessments; supply chain risks; system dynamics; vensim;
   system theory

---

UT 56
AR Zhang Y/3, 2022, CICTP INTELL GREEN CONNECT TRANSP - PROC COTA INT CONF
   TRANSP PROF, P1193, DOI 10.1061/9780784484265.112
TI Analysis of Urban Distribution Capacity System Based on Vensim
AU Zhang Y/3; Zhang M/1; Wei Y/1; Zhou B; Wang S/2; Ji Y
TC 0
SO CICTP INTELL GREEN CONNECT TRANSP - PROC COTA INT CONF TRANSP PROF
PY 2022
AB With the rapid growth of urban distribution, there are many problems that
   can culminate, including traffic congestion.  Based on system dynamics
   theory, this paper constructs a dynamics model of urban distribution
   capacity system using systemic thinking, in which the model contains a
   social subsystem, vehicle subsystem, and environment subsystem.  A cause-
   effect loop diagram is drawn and clarified by Vensim software to sort out
   the relationships and logical loops within the subsystems.  Its purpose
   analyzes the factors affecting the change of distribution vehicle capacity
   and correlates it between the elements within the total system of capacity.
   For urban distribution in China, it is necessary to use the concept of
   sustainable development to establish the concept of green distribution into
   practice and implement it into the actual distribution work, so as to bring
   about the long-term development of the distribution economy.  © ASCE.
ID multimodal transportation; systems thinking; traffic congestion; urban
   growth; cause-effect; distribution capacity; dynamics models; dynamics
   theory; loop diagrams; rapid growth; system dynamics; systemic thinking;
   urban distribution; vensim softwares; sustainable development

---

UT 57
AR Mo J, 2025, J RAILW SCI ENG, V22, P1291, DOI
   10.19713/j.cnki.43-1423/u.T20240816
TI Impact of cumulative fatigue on turnover intention of railway construction
   technical personnel in high-altitude areas
AU Mo J; Zhan X
TC 0
SO J RAILW SCI ENG
PY 2025
AB To ensure the stability of railway engineers and technicians in high-
   altitude environments, the mechanism of accumulated fatigue on turnover
   tendency was explored.  Based on the theory of social cognition and the
   theory of individual-environment interaction, occupational well-being and
   emotional exhaustion were introduced as mediating and moderating variables
   of the relationship between accumulated fatigue and turnover propensity, and
   a moderated mediation model was constructed.  Firstly, using the method of
   collecting data in stages, a questionnaire survey was conducted on 428
   front-line technicians in the high-altitude construction area of the
   Lanzhou-Hezuo section of the Xining-Chengdu Railway on a mature scale.
   Secondly, on the basis of reliability and validity tests and correlation
   analysis, SPSS 26.0 was used to construct the regression equation for
   hypothesis testing and calculate the path coefficient.  Finally, the causal
   diagram and flow diagram of turnover propensity were constructed.  The path
   coefficient and constant were used as system dynamics (SD) simulation
   parameters.  The dynamic change process of accumulated fatigue and turnover
   tendency was simulated by Vensim under the intervention of occupational
   well-being and emotional exhaustion.  The results show that accumulation
   fatigue has a significant positive impact on turnover propensity.
   Occupational well-being plays a mediating role in the influence of
   accumulated fatigue on turnover propensity.  Affective failure significantly
   moderated the two stages of the mediation process, and those with higher
   scores of affective failure significantly moderated its indirect effect.  At
   the same time, the simulation results show that with the increase in the
   level of accumulated fatigue, the level of occupational well-being first
   decreases and then gradually stabilizes, and the level of turnover tendency
   increases first and then tends to stabilize under the intervention of
   occupational well-being and emotional exhaustion.  The research results
   enrich the application of psychology in engineering practice.  Those can
   provide new ideas for the study of the turnover tendency of railway
   engineering and technical personnel in high-altitude areas, and have
   practical value for improving the management level of railway engineering
   projects in high-altitude areas.  © 2025, Central South University Press.
   All rights reserved.
DE cumulative fatigue; high-altitude railroad engineering; occupational well-
   being; system dynamics; turnover intention
ID artificial intelligence; fatigue testing; industrial hygiene; railroad
   transportation; railroads; cumulative fatigue; high-altitude railroad
   engineering; occupational well-being; path coefficients; railway
   construction; railway engineering; system dynamics; technical personnel;
   turnover intentions; well-being; system theory

---

UT 58
AR Guo H/3, 2025, ENV SUSTAIN IND, V28, DOI 10.1016/j.indic.2025.100991
TI Early warning and prediction of water resources carrying capacity based on a
   System Dynamics Modeling Approach in the Shule River Basin, Northwest China
AU Guo H/3; Sun D/1; Wu L; Cui Y/1; Wang X/4; Ma Y/4; Shu H
TC 1
SO ENV SUSTAIN IND
PY 2025
AB Water scarcity and ecological fragility have become prominent constraints on
   sustainable development in arid inland river basins.  Evaluating and
   forecasting the water resources carrying capacity (WRCC) is critical for
   achieving a balance between socioeconomic development and ecological
   conservation.  This study constructs a comprehensive early warning framework
   for WRCC in the Shule River Basin, Northwest China, integrating water
   resources, ecology, economy, and society into a multidimensional indicator
   system.  A combined weighting method based on entropy weight and CRITIC was
   employed to objectively determine indicator weights.  The TOPSIS model was
   used to assess WRCC levels from 2000 to 2022. To provide dynamic
   predictions, a system dynamics (SD) model was developed in Vensim,
   simulating WRCC evolution under four scenarios: status quo, economic
   priority, environmental protection, and integrated coordination.  Control
   charts were used to establish early warning thresholds and classify WRCC
   levels.  The results indicate that WRCC showed a U-shaped trend from 2000 to
   2022, only decreasing in 2009 and then returning to a high load state by
   2022. Obstacle factor analysis identified key constraints in sewage
   treatment capacity, ecological water use, and economic water-use efficiency.
   Forecasts show that the integrated and coordinated scenario produces the
   most favorable outcome, with WRCC reaching 0.627 b y 2035, demonstrating a
   balance between economic growth and ecological protection.  The proposed
   early warning and simulation framework offers a practical and adaptable
   approach for WRCC assessment and management in arid regions.  The results
   provide a scientific basis for regional water resource planning and policy
   formulation under the pressures of climate change and rapid development.  ©
   2025 The Authors.
DE bearing capacity early warning; combination weight; early warning interval;
   system dynamics

---

UT 59
AR Ridwan A, 2024, AIP CONF PROC, V2891, DOI 10.1063/5.0201504
TI A system dynamics simulation approach of paving blocks production control: A
   case study of PT XYZ
AU Ridwan A; Trenggonowati DL; Azhar A; Remansyah I
TC 0
SO AIP CONF PROC
PY 2024
AB Paving block is a composition of building materials made of a mixture of
   portland cement or other hydraulic adhesives, water and aggregates with or
   without other additives that do not reduce the quality of the concrete.
   Developers or contractors have been using paving blocks as an alternative to
   cover or harden the soil surface.  While the colorful ones have an
   additional function, namely as the aesthetic value of an area.  Since the
   Covid-19 pandemic hit the world, demand for paving blocks has decreased
   drastically in line with the cessation of development activities in
   Indonesia.  Take a case study PT XYZ, PT XYZ is an PT that produces Paving
   Blocks located in Lebak-Banten.  PT XYZ is also one of the companies
   affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.  There are many unsold paving block
   stocks while production results are piling up.  Stock accumulation is the
   main problem in this research, so we suggest using the forecasting method
   where we will estimate demand in the next month based on the best
   forecasting method.  After processing the data, we decided to use the simple
   exponential smoothing method (alpha = 0.1) with the smallest mean absolute
   percentage error of 7.08 and forecast the next month at 1701 meters.  After
   obtaining the January demand from the forecasting results, we will plan the
   order level using the smallest cost ratio between the period order quantity
   (POQ) and economic order quality (EOQ) methods.  After that, we got the best
   method, namely the EOQ method of Rp.  217,626,982.36. By ordering using EOQ
   as many as 58 times, and purchasing in 1 order as many as 354 meters.  After
   we determine the inventory, then we will simulate it into system modeling
   using powersim.  Where we will make the actual system, proposed system 1
   (addition of EOQ to the order), proposed system 2 (added EOQ to the order
   and reduced 3 employees), proposed system 3 (added EOQ method to order,
   added 3 employees, and expanded the land to 4800 meters). In our simulation,
   we get the best proposal the third proposal with an average profit per month
   is Rp.  150,720,625.43. © 2024 Author(s).

---

UT 60
AR Mauricio GAO, 2021, PROC LACCEI INT MULTI-CONF ENG EDUC TECHNOL, V2021-July,
   DOI 10.18687/LACCEI2021.1.1.260
TI Design of a system dynamics model to simulate the student population in
   Industrial Engineering programs.  Case study: Santo Tomas University.
   Bogota, Colombia; [Diseño de un modelo de dinámica de sistemas para simular
   la población estudiantil en programas de Ingeniería Industrial.  Caso de
   estudio: Universidad Santo Tomás.  Bogotá -Colombia]
AU Mauricio GAO; Elisa NR; Carolina GCA; Pompeyo LVW; Fernanda MMM
TC 0
SO PROC LACCEI INT MULTI-CONF ENG EDUC TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB The following research proposal has the main objective of designing a System
   Dynamics model to simulate the student population in industrial engineering
   programs, simulating the student population towards the year 2025. The
   proposed system dynamics model begins with the collection of statistics on
   the student population proposing a convenient sample which is the Faculty of
   Industrial Engineering of the Santo Tomas University in the Central
   headquarters (Bogotá DC) having variables such as the number of students
   enrolled, number of graduate students and the cases of dropouts between the
   years 2015 and 2020. Based on the population archetype, the causal diagram
   and the flow and variables diagram are proposed in order to carry out the
   corresponding simulation in the Vensim software.  Through logical and
   mathematical equations, it is possible to find key data such as the dropout
   rate, the graduation rate and the entry rate to the system, which allowed
   the model to be executed with a start in 2020 until the final projection at
   the end of the year.  year 2025, in addition, the analysis of various
   scenarios generated by the software is carried out, which helps to measure
   the incidence of the variables within the model.  It should be noted that
   this model is intended to be an aid in planning issues for the different
   engineering programs offered by universities.  © 2021 Latin American and
   Caribbean Consortium of Engineering Institutions.  All rights reserved.
DE causal diagram; flow diagram; simulation; system; systems dynamics

---

UT 61
AR Ali MF, 2022, AGRIC SYST, V202, DOI 10.1016/j.agsy.2022.103491
TI Using a participatory system dynamics modelling approach to inform the
   management of Malaysian rubber production
AU Ali MF; Sulong SH; Julius K; Smith C; Aziz AA
TC 9
SO AGRIC SYST
PY 2022
AB CONTEXT: Increasing rubber price volatility has adversely affected
   smallholders – Malaysia's primary rubber producers' livelihood.  This, in
   turn, has caused them to abandon rubber farming and led to the decline of
   Malaysian rubber production over the last few decades.  In this paper, a
   rubber production model was developed using a participatory system dynamics
   modelling approach, involving multiple key rubber industry stakeholders.
   OBJECTIVE: The study's objectives include: 1) to use the developed rubber
   production model to quantitatively assess the impact of interactions between
   key components of the rubber production system at the farm, national, and
   global levels on rubber production; and 2) to test the effectiveness of
   existing and proposed plausible policy and management scenarios to improve
   rubber production.  METHODS: We conducted structural, behavioural patterns,
   and statistical tests to evaluate and validate the performance of the
   developed model.  We simulated key variables including smallholder and
   national productions, and farm-gate, national and global prices for a
   30-year period.  The model is set-up with time unit of years and time step
   of 0.25 years, using the Stella Architect software.  Our analysis showed
   that the simulated outputs agreed well with the observed behaviour of the
   system.  A sensitivity analysis indicated the model is reliable and robust
   to uncertainties in the major parameters.  Five policy scenarios: (1)
   business as usual; (2) farm-level focused; (3) national-level focused; (4)
   global-level focused; and (5) balanced were simulated to assess their impact
   on smallholder and national production, smallholder net revenue, and global,
   national and farm-gate rubber prices.  RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: The results
   showed that the farm-level focused and balanced scenarios would
   significantly improve and double smallholder and Malaysian rubber
   production.  Based on the scenarios analyses, Malaysian rubber production
   can be improved by (1) tightening rubber export restrictions at the global
   level; (2) increasing domestic rubber consumption and reducing rubber
   imports at the national level; (3) increasing rubber production incentive;
   (4) improving collaboration between agencies and increasing resources
   available to extension and enforcement agents, and rubber production
   incentive campaigns; and (5) finding additional income, through
   intercropping at the farm level for example.  SIGNIFICANCE: The model is
   flexible, and other rubber producing countries with similar features and
   environmental and socioeconomic conditions can adapt the system dynamics
   simulation model to understand and evaluate the impact of policies that can
   improve the livelihood of smallholders.  © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
DE agricultural production causal loop diagrams; stakeholder participation;
   system dynamics modeling; systems thinking
ID rubber

---

UT 62
AR Gholami A, 2025, INT J KNOWL PROCESS STUD, V5, P89, DOI
   10.22034/kps.2024.476400.1199
TI Presenting the Management Accounting Model in the Digital Era with a Data-
   Oriented Approach in Vensim System
AU Gholami A; Khanmohamadi MH; Vakilifard H; Ranjbar M
TC 1
SO INT J KNOWL PROCESS STUD
PY 2025
AB The research aims to provide a management accounting model in the digital
   age with a data-oriented approach in Vensim system.  It was applied research
   and qualitative with the approach of grounded theory.  The methodological
   approach was followed by using different methods of data collection, such as
   the method of library study and review of sources and specialized texts, as
   well as semi-structured interviews.  Based on targeted sampling, 20 managers
   and shareholders of the stock exchange and financial management experts were
   interviewed in 2023. The conducted interviews were coded in ATLAS.TI
   software.  In order to confirm the results obtained based on three
   classifications, the data were evaluated and qualitatively analyzed.  Based
   on the system dynamics method, mathematical modeling of the codes obtained
   from the qualitative analysis has been done.  The analysis is based on
   simulated data and improved model in Vensim software.  The findings of the
   research were identified separately in five categories: causal, background,
   intervention, strategy and consequences.  A model was identified in 6
   categories, 16 core codes based on 109 coders.  Causal conditions
   (advancement of science and technology, changes in business conditions and
   management conditions), strategies (education, infrastructure, targeting of
   financial reporting and policy making), consequences (optimization of
   decision making, business prosperity and economic productivity), Background
   conditions (economic and political environment and accounting situation).
   and intervening conditions (negligence and neglect, cultural and social
   conditions, access to resources and environmental conditions) are designed.
   In the digital era, access to large and high-quality data has enabled more
   accurate analyses.  © authors.
DE data-oriented; digital era; management accounting; vensim system

---

UT 63
AR Jiang J, 2021, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V647, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/647/1/012045
TI Research on life cycle cost control model of prefabricated building based on
   system dynamics
AU Jiang J; Sun S/1
TC 3
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2021
AB This paper takes BIM as the platform and system dynamics as the research
   method, establishes the life cycle cost control model of prefabricated
   buildings, draws causality diagram and flow inventory diagram by Vensim
   software, obtains the main influencing factors of assembly building cost
   control, and then gives the cost control measures.  In this paper, BIM,
   prefabricated building and system dynamics are combined to study the cost
   control of prefabricated building from a new perspective, and reasonable
   suggestions are given to provide new ideas for promoting the development of
   prefabricated building in China.  © Content from this work may be used under
   the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 licence.
ID cost effectiveness; costs; energy resources; life cycle; prefabricated
   construction; system theory; building costs; causality diagrams; cost
   controls; life cycle costs; research methods; system dynamics; vensim
   softwares; architectural design

---

UT 64
AR Huang F, 2023, IEEE INT CONF TRANSP SAF ICTIS, P1784, DOI
   10.1109/ICTIS60134.2023.10243750
TI Navigation Risk Assessment of LNG Carrier in the Shanghai section of the
   Yangtze River
AU Huang F; Chen N; Xiong B
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF TRANSP SAF ICTIS
PY 2023
AB To ensure the navigation safety of LNG Carrier in the Shanghai section of
   the Yangtze River, the main risk factors affecting navigation were analyzed
   from the particularity of LNG Carrier and personnel, equipment, management,
   and environment.  The system dynamics method was used to establish the
   navigation risk management model of the LNG Carrier in the Shanghai section
   of the Yangtze River, and the interaction relationship between various
   factors in the system was simulated with the help of Vensim software, and
   effective management strategies were proposed for the key factors in each
   subsystem of the system.  Based on the results, fog, wind conditions, tides
   and currents, traffic volume, accompanying tugboats, pilot behavior, VTS
   monitoring, safety investment, and certification rate are key risk factors
   for LNG Carrier in the Shanghai section of the Yangtze River.  Strategies
   such as safeguard measures, strengthening VTS monitoring, paying attention
   to bad weather, reasonably arranging accompanying tugboats, formulating
   emergency plans for LNG Carrier, and improving pilot boarding and
   disembarkation procedures can effectively reduce the risk of LNG carrier
   navigation in the Shanghai section of the Yangtze River.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE lng carrier; navigational risk factors; risk assessment; system dynamics
   model
ID human resource management; navigation; risk management; rivers; safety
   engineering; system theory; tugboats; dynamic method; equipment management;
   lng carriers; navigation safety; navigational risk factor; risk factors;
   risks assessments; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; yangtze river;
   risk assessment

---

UT 65
AR Emami M, 2025, MED J ISLAM REPUB IRAN, V39, DOI 10.47176/mjiri.39.95
TI A Study Protocol for the Macro-analysis of Iran's Health System with System
   Dynamics Approach
AU Emami M; Haghdoost A; Yazdi-Feyzabadi V; Morasae EK; Mehrolhassani MH
TC 0
SO MED J ISLAM REPUB IRAN
PY 2025
AB Background: The health system (HS) is characterized by its complexity and
   the interconnectivity of its various components, which can lead to
   unpredictable outcomes when faced with changes in the environment.
   Understanding these interactions is crucial for effective management and
   improvement of the system.  To navigate this complexity, this study
   emphasizes the importance of adopting a real-world perspective and utilizing
   system modeling techniques.  These approaches allow for a thorough analysis
   of the current state of the HS and enable the testing of different policy
   alternatives to identify potential improvements.  Ultimately, the aim of the
   research is to pinpoint the key components and drivers within the HS. By
   modeling the dynamics of these elements, the study aims to provide insights
   that can inform better decision-making and enhance the overall effectiveness
   of health care delivery.  Methods: We designed a mixed methods study in 4
   phases, consisting of sequential quantitative and qualitative analyses.  In
   the first phase, to create a comprehensive and holistic view, we will
   identify key variables and indicators in the HS within the framework of the
   Balanced Scorecard framework (BSC), which includes population & population
   health; service delivery; financing; growth & development; and governance &
   leadership, through a review of documents and a scoping review.  In the
   second and third phases of the study, using a foresight and systemic
   approach, expert opinions will be purposefully gathered through cross-impact
   analysis (CIA) and scenario writing to identify key drivers and levers of
   Iran's HS and obtain compatible future scenarios.  Finally, in the
   quantitative phase of the study, based on the outputs of the previous
   phases, a dynamic model of the HS will be designed in the Vensim software,
   and the current situation along with other possible scenarios for the system
   will be examined for a period of 10 years.  Conclusion: It is anticipated
   that the results of this study could offer a methodological foundation for
   formulating the health component of the Islamic Republic of Iran’s economic,
   social, and cultural development plan, intended for use by the Ministry of
   Health, Treatment, and Medical Education.  Copyright © Iran University of
   Medical Sciences.  This work has been published under CC BY-NC-SA 4.0
   license.
DE complexity analyzes; system dynamics analysis; systems analyzes; systems
   approach; systems thinking

---

UT 66
AR Zhang H/3, 2021, KNOWL MANAG RES PR, V19, P370, DOI
   10.1080/14778238.2020.1767521
TI Dynamic simulation research on the effect of resource heterogeneity on
   knowledge transfer in R&D alliances
AU Zhang H/3; Zhou M; Rao H; Zhou D/1
TC 17
SO KNOWL MANAG RES PR
PY 2021
AB This paper investigates the effect of resource heterogeneity on knowledge
   Transfer in R&D alliances based on system dynamics method.  Based on
   literature review, we identify the factors that affect knowledge transfer in
   R&D alliances, and analyse the effect of the organisational and network
   resource heterogeneity on knowledge transfer in R&D alliances.  On this
   basis, we use system dynamics method to analyse the causality of the effect
   of the organisational and network resource heterogeneities on knowledge
   transfer, establish the model of system flow chart, and use Vensim PLE
   software to perform simulation and sensitivity analyses of the model.  The
   results show that there is an inverted U-shaped relationship between the
   organisational resource heterogeneity and knowledge transfer and that
   network resource heterogeneity has a positive effect on knowledge transfer
   in R&D alliances.  Our research provides valuable insights into the
   exploitation of resource heterogeneity in R&D alliances to facilitate
   effective knowledge transfer.  © Operational Research Society 2019.
DE knowledge transfer; network resource heterogeneity; organizational resource
   heterogeneity; r and d alliance; system dynamics

---

UT 67
AR Xiaoqing W, 2022, DATA ANAL KNOWL DISCOV, V6, P138, DOI
   10.11925/infotech.2096-3467.2021.0967
TI Simulating Dynamics Prediction with Collaborative Allocation System for
   Blockchain Resources: Case Study of Guangdong-HongKong-Macao Greater Bay
   Area
AU Xiaoqing W; Dong C/1
TC 1
SO DATA ANAL KNOWL DISCOV
PY 2022
AB [Objective] This paper analyzes the interaction mechanism among key resource
   allocations in each blockchain, aiming to construct better regional economic
   blockchains and promote the coordinated economic development.  [Methods]
   Based on the analysis of resource allocation elements in the blockchain and
   system dynamics theories and methods, we used the Vensim system to simulate
   and analyze the related blockchain industries.  [Results] (1) Sensitivity
   analysis showed: Industry chain = capital chain> talent chain> innovation
   chain; (II) In terms of industry chain, the year of 2030 is a key node;
   (III) For capital chain, the years from 2021 to 2025 is the key time period;
   (IV) In the talent chain, the years from 2025 to 2035 is the key time
   period; (V) For innovation chain, the whole time is the key node.
   [Limitations] More research is needed to improve the selection of
   influencing factors for the “five chains” and examine their internal
   mechanism thoroughly.  [Conclusions] The proposed method provides some
   guidance for predicting results of resource collaborative allocation.  ©
   2022, Chinese Academy of Sciences.  All rights reserved.
DE collaborative resource allocation; correlation sensitivity; greater bay
   area; guangdong-hongkong-macao; system dynamics; vensim simulation
ID blockchain; regional planning; sensitivity analysis; system theory; bay
   areas; collaborative resource allocation; collaborative resources;
   correlation sensitivity; great bay area; guangdong-hongkong-macao; hong-
   kong; resources allocation; system dynamics; vensim simulation; resource
   allocation

---

UT 68
AR Wang Y/10, 2021, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V1303, P31, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-33-4572-0_5
TI Simulation and Prediction of 3E System in Shandong Province Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Wang Y/10; Liu X/3; Chang W; Ying M
TC 0
SO ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT
PY 2021
AB After more than a decade of rapid growth in the industrial economy, the
   energy and environmental systems are increasingly hindering the long-term
   stable development of the economic system, which forces local governments to
   optimize policy design and promote more coordinated development of the
   economy-energy-environment system.  Based on the theory of system dynamics,
   this paper constructs the system dynamics model of shandong province’s
   economy-energy-environment system, and discusses the optimal path for the
   coordinated development of shandong province’s 3E system by means of Vensim
   software simulation.  © 2021, The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE 3e system development; shandong province; simulation prediction; system
   dynamics
ID advanced analytics; big data; computer software; embedded systems; smart
   city; system theory; economic system; environment systems; environmental
   systems; local government; shandong province; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; vensim softwares; economic and social effects

---

UT 69
AR Jia Y, 2023, J IRRIG DRAIN, V42, P137, DOI 10.13522/j.cnki.ggps.2022461
TI Using System Dynamics to Improve Agricultural Water Use Efficiency in
   Qingtongxia Irrigation District; [基于系统动力学的青铜峡灌区农业用水效率调控研究]
AU Jia Y; Liu Z; Tang L
TC 0
SO J IRRIG DRAIN
PY 2023
AB 【Objective】Qingtongxia irrigation district is one of the irrigation
   districts in northwestern China which rely on Yellow River water for
   irrigation.  Using the water footprint concept, this paper proposes a system
   dynamic model to help improve agricultural water use efficiency in this
   district.【Method】Blue and green water footprints of major crops in the
   district were calculated from their evapotranspiration and transpiration.  A
   system dynamics model for agricultural water use efficiency was then
   established, and the model was solved using the Vensim software.
   【Result】Irrigation water is the primary water source for agriculture in the
   district, forming a production water use pattern in which blue water is the
   main source and green water is a supplementary source.  The blue and green
   water footprints vary oppositely in order to meet the demand of crops for
   water.  On the premise to ensure constant blue water use for the crops, we
   selected the green water use coefficient and irrigation water use
   coefficient as parameters in the modelling.  The model results show that
   increasing green water utilization coefficient from 0.7 to 0.8 can increase
   wheat production by 2.7×105 t, rice production by 2×105 t, and corn
   production by 5.5×105 t.  We also found that increasing the irrigation water
   utilization efficiency by 10 can increase wheat production by 4.7×105 t,
   rice production by 3.5×105 t, and corn production by 7.7×105 t.
   Collectively, increasing green water utilization coefficient and irrigation
   water utilization coefficient simultaneously can increase wheat production
   by 7.5×105 t, rice production by 5.5×105 t, and maize production by 1.32×107
   t.【Conclusion】Agricultural production in Qingtongxia irrigation area should
   consider increasing utilization of green water and improving agricultural
   water use efficiency by improving engineering and non-engineering facilities
   to increase crop yields.  © 2023 Journal of Irrigation and Drainage.  All
   rights reserved.
DE agricultural water efficiency; qingtongxia irrigation district; system
   dynamics; water footprint; water use efficiency

---

UT 70
AR Hidayat T, 2022, ECON, V10, DOI 10.3390/economies10010006
TI Early Warning Early Action for the Banking Solvency Risk in the COVID-19
   Pandemic Era: A Case Study of Indonesia
AU Hidayat T; Masyita D; Nidar SR; Ahmad F; Syarif MAN
TC 4
SO ECON
PY 2022
AB The COVID-19 pandemic has affected people’s lives and increased the banking
   solvency risk.  This research aimed to build an early warning and early
   action simulation model to mitigate the solvency risk using the system
   dynamics methodology and the Powersim Studio 10© software.  The addition of
   an early action simulation updates the existing early warning model.
   Through this model, the effect of policy design and options on potential
   solvency risks is known before implementation.  The trials conducted at Bank
   BRI (BBRI) and Bank Mandiri (BMRI) showed that the model had the ability to
   provide an early warning of the potential increase in bank solvency risk
   when the loan restructuring policy is revoked.  It also simulates the
   effectiveness of management’s policy options to mitigate these risks.  This
   research used publicly accessible banking data and analysis.  Bank
   management could also take advantage of this model through a self-
   stimulation facility developed in this study to accommodate their needs
   using the internal data.  © 2021 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel,
   Switzerland.
DE banking sector; corporate insolvency; covid-19 outbreak; early warning early
   action; loan restructuring policy; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 71
AR Lagarda-Leyva EA, 2022, STUD SYST DECIS CONTROL, V435, P391, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-00856-6_18
TI System Dynamics and Graphical Interface for the Supply Process: A Case Study
   in a Regional Food Packing Company in Mexico
AU Lagarda-Leyva EA
TC 0
SO STUD SYST DECIS CONTROL
PY 2022
AB Small businesses in Mexico require practical data-driven solutions for
   decision-making.  The following case study was conducted in a regional food
   packing and marketing company in southern Sonora, Mexico.  The purpose of
   this organization was the sale and distribution of products belonging to the
   basic food basket.  On the other hand, the object under study focuses on the
   supplied link of the supply chain, in which, after observing and performing
   an organizational analysis through the application of various tools, it was
   detected the existence of different problems in the inventory management of
   the organization, mainly due to the absence of inventory policies, lack of
   indicators and variation in demand, the objective was to develop a graphical
   interface to evaluate the performance of the supplied link of dry and cold
   products in different scenarios using system dynamics.  To address this
   problem, it was decided to carry out an investigation into different sources
   of information regarding the implementation of system dynamics and inventory
   management.  Therefore, it was determined that the methodology to be
   followed would be system dynamics, which consists of the development of a
   simulation model of the supply process, in which, to complement it, the
   decision was made to incorporate sectors corresponding to the EOQ Model.
   Finally, the graphical interface with the user was developed, in which the
   interested party can make modifications in the critical variables to observe
   the behavior of scenarios that would be generated in the face of different
   policies and thus support decision-making.  The main conclusions are about
   the contributions on the use and application of system dynamics in
   situations where inventory policies must be considered to maintain the
   sufficiency of regional products in stock and satisfy consumer demand.  ©
   2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland
   AG.
DE computational algorithms; graphical interface; stella architect; supply
   chain; system dynamics

---

UT 72
AR Liu J/1, 2020, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V27, P37237, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-019-07107-5
TI An environmental assessment model of construction and demolition waste based
   on system dynamics: a case study in Guangzhou
AU Liu J/1; Liu Y/11; Wang X/10
TC 225
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2020
AB At present, China is in the rapid development stage of urbanization, and
   construction activities are becoming more frequent.  This is accompanied by
   a large amount of construction and demolition waste (C&DW), which raises
   many problems with its governance, such as occupying valuable land
   resources, causing air pollution, and consuming raw materials.  In this
   study, taking Guangzhou as an example, the system dynamics principle was
   used to establish an environmental assessment model of C&DW, and Vensim
   software was used to simulate and analyze the environmental, economic, and
   social impacts of various disposal methods of C&DW. The results showed that
   (1) among all waste disposal methods, landfill disposal had the highest
   greenhouse gas emissions.  It was estimated that the greenhouse gas
   emissions from landfill disposal will account for 75% of the total emissions
   in 2030, while the greenhouse gas emissions from recycling disposal will
   only account for 0.5%. (2) The simulation results showed that, according to
   the current data, the land area occupied by waste landfills and illegal
   dumping in 2030 will be about 4.88 million m2, and the economic loss caused
   by land loss and global warming will account for 9.1% of Guangzhou’s GDP in
   2030, which is equivalent to the national economy of a regional city with a
   less developed economy.  (3) Enhanced supervision could significantly reduce
   the amount of illegal dumping, but its effect on landfill disposal and
   recycling would be very limited.  According to the results of the simulation
   analysis, some suggestions were put forward to improve the environmental,
   economic, and social impact of C&DW disposal in Guangzhou.  © 2019,
   Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
DE construction and demolition waste; environmental assessment; greenhouse gas
   emissions; system dynamics
ID china; cities; construction materials; refuse disposal; waste disposal
   facilities; waste management; china; guangdong; guangzhou; demolition;
   global warming; gross domestic product; landfill; recycling; waste disposal;
   building material; china; city; waste disposal; waste disposal facility;
   waste management

---

UT 73
AR Akinmoladun A, 2026, ENERGY, V11, DOI 10.1016/j.nxener.2026.100529
TI Comparative assessment of potential for plus-energy buildings: A case study
   of cities in North Dakota, United States
AU Akinmoladun A; Ajao A; Oni BA; Tomomewo O
TC 0
SO ENERGY
PY 2026
AB Plus-Energy Buildings (PEBs) are gaining importance in the pursuit of
   climate neutrality.  The proportion of solar energy as a renewable energy
   source is also increasing.  This article assesses the practicality of PEBs
   and appropriate installation angles to ensure optimal performance of the
   photovoltaic (PV) panels in the cold climate of North Dakota, United States.
   In the evaluated scenarios, with appropriate sizing of the PV and a
   reduction in energy consumption profile, the contribution ratios are above
   1.0, and a PEB could be achieved in the study locations.  The result shows
   that the annual amount of electrical demand covered by PV power output
   varies from 42% to 67% according to the seasonal variations of PV-load
   correlation.  Additionally, there was an annual energy autonomy of 40%,
   satisfactory load-matching indices, and approximately a 40% decrease in
   global warming potentials.  Due to North Dakota's lower levels of solar
   radiation, the building's energy balance is negative throughout the winter.
   This work highlights the significance of the system dynamics (SD) approach
   in establishing the energy interaction between the building, grid, and PV
   modeling using local climatic conditions in Vensim software.  The study
   contributes to the literature by examining the adequacy of solar energy in
   cold climates and appropriate scenarios for building to achieve PEB using an
   SD approach.  Finally, we present future research priorities to promote the
   adoption of PEBs.  © 2026 The Author(s)
DE grid interaction; load matching; plus-energy district; plus-energy building

---

UT 74
AR Lei T/1, 2025, J SAF ENV, V25, P1880, DOI
   10.13637/j.issn.1009-6094.2024.1614
TI Identification of influencing factors on the emergency response capabilities
   of rescue organizations in natural disaster situations: an actor-network
   theory perspective; [面向自然灾害情境的救援组织应急能力影响因素识别方法-基于行动者网络理论视角]
AU Lei T/1; Hui X
TC 1
SO J SAF ENV
PY 2025
AB The primary objective of this paper is to identify the key factors
   influencing the enhancement of emergency capabilities in rescue
   organizations across various stages of earthquake response.  Additionally,
   it aims to propose targeted strategies to improve the effectiveness of
   responses to multi-agent natural disasters.  Drawing on actor-network
   theory, the system dynamics method is employed in this study.  Initially,
   the system boundaries are defined, linking four key stages of emergency
   response-emergency response, personnel search and rescue, mass resettlement,
   and rehabilitation-to the formation, maintenance, development, and
   reconstruction processes of the actor network.  This framework allows for an
   analysis of the causal feedback relationships within rescue organizations in
   the context of natural disasters.  Secondly, a system dynamics model
   reflecting the emergency capabilities of rescue organizations is
   established.  The corresponding parameters are set using the M6. 2
   earthquake in Jishishan, Gansu Province as a case study.  Finally, Vensim
   PLE software is utilized to identify the key factors influencing the
   emergency capabilities of four types of actors: government departments,
   professional rescue teams, industry support units, and auxiliary rescue
   forces.  The analysis aims to uncover effective strategies for enhancing
   their emergency response efficiency.  The results indicate that the
   “emergency capability of rescue organizations,” viewed as a stock, exhibits
   a positive trend over time.  However, there remains significant room for
   improvement in areas such as disaster assessment and personnel search and
   rescue operations.  In the context of extreme climate events and overlapping
   natural disasters, infrastructure recovery is essential for enhancing the
   emergency capabilities of rescue organizations.  Within various stages of
   the rescue process, different actors require distinct capability indicators
   tailored to their specific roles.  As the central actor in the rescue
   network, the earthquake relief headquarters must focus on the emergency
   capability indicators across multiple stages to ensure the stability of the
   network.  Overall, the potential for improving the emergency capabilities of
   rescue organizations diminishes across the areas of rehabilitation,
   emergency response, personnel search and rescue, and mass resettlement.  ©
   2025 Science China Press.  All rights reserved.
DE actor network theory; emergency capability; public safety; rescue
   organizations; system dynamics

---

UT 75
AR Wang W/1, 2021, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/2877467
TI Dynamic Modeling and Simulation of How Information Sharing Influences Supply
   Chain Performance
AU Wang W/1; Chi R
TC 3
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2021
AB With the growing intensity of cooperation, the partners in the manufacturing
   supply chain (SC) raise stricter requirements for information sharing (IS)
   within the SC, which has been an effective capability to improve the
   performance of manufacturing SC. To reveal the influence of IS on SC
   performance, this paper firstly carries out a theoretical analysis on the
   influencing factors of IS, SC integration and SC performance, and builds a
   theoretical model of the IS's impacting on SC performance.  Next, valid
   index data were obtained by investigating typical manufacturing enterprises
   in Yangtze River Delta region of China.  Then, according to the dynamics
   system flow of IS influence on SC performance, the proposed theoretical
   model would be modeled from system dynamics and simulated by Vensim PLE
   software.  The results show that IS among manufacturing SC nodes enhances
   the SC performance via SC integration; when SC integration is suitable for
   IS, SC performance will be improved as long as the IS amount is greater than
   zero; however, excessive IS would reduce the quality and weaken the amount
   of IS; overall, the degree of IS and SC integration are the key to better SC
   performance.  This implies that how to improve IS among SC partners is a
   very important thing in manufacturing SC management.  And, it also
   enlightens that enterprise managers should pay attention to establish a
   high-level trust relationship with SC partners, achieve high-quality IS with
   a wider range, and then promote the SC system more integrated to improve its
   operational performance.  © 2021 Weibin Wang and Renyong Chi.

---

UT 76
AR Wang N, 2025, WORLD ELECTR VEH J, V16, DOI 10.3390/wevj16030151
TI The Efficacy of the New Energy Vehicle Mandate Policy on Passenger Vehicle
   Market in China
AU Wang N; Li X/11; Yang X/1
TC 6
SO WORLD ELECTR VEH J
PY 2025
AB This paper aims to assess the impact of the New Energy Vehicle (NEV) mandate
   policy on the passenger vehicle market in China, with a focus on its
   effectiveness in promoting NEV adoption.  In response to global climate
   goals and energy security concerns, China has implemented various NEV
   policies, including the phase-out of direct subsidies and the introduction
   of the NEV mandate policy (dual-credits policy). This policy, which combines
   NEV credits and Corporate Average Fuel Consumption (CAFC) credits, aims not
   only to promote NEV adoption but also to support industrial policy
   objectives by helping the auto industry leapfrog traditional internal
   combustion engines and become globally competitive.  In this study, a System
   Dynamics (SD) model was developed using Vensim software (10.2.2) to simulate
   interactions between automakers, government policies, and consumer
   behaviors.  The results show that the NEV mandate policy significantly
   boosts NEV sales, with projections indicating that NEV sales will reach 15
   million units by 2030, accounting for 55% of the passenger vehicle market.
   Additionally, the study finds that tightening NEV credits standards and
   increasing the NEV credit proportion requirements can further enhance market
   growth, with stricter measures post-2023 being crucial to achieving a 50%
   market share.  In contrast, under a scenario where the dual-credits policy
   ends in 2024, the NEV market share would still grow but would fall short of
   the 50% target by 2030. The findings suggest that stronger policy measures
   will be essential to maintain long-term market momentum.  © 2025 by the
   authors.
DE automobile market; dual-credits policy; new energy vehicle mandate policy;
   policy impact; policy trend; system dynamics model
ID automotive industry; energy policy; energy security; automobile market;
   credit policy; dual credit policy; market share; new energy vehicle mandate
   policy; new energy vehicles; passengers vehicles; policy impact; policy
   trend; system dynamics modeling; system theory

---

UT 77
AR Mejia JAA, 2021, CONGR INT INNOV TENDENCIAS ING CONIITI - CONF PROC, DOI
   10.1109/CONIITI53815.2021.9619623
TI System Dynamics Model for the Sustainability of Educational Resources in
   Information and Communications Technologies
AU Mejia JAA; Nonsoque GML; Fernandez MB
TC 0
SO CONGR INT INNOV TENDENCIAS ING CONIITI - CONF PROC
PY 2021
AB In higher education institutions in Colombia, requests for needs in the
   management of technology resources present flaws in the application of
   techniques; that project resources over time for decision-making in terms of
   functionality, operation, and inventory.  Therefore, this research is
   applied at the Catholic University of Colombia, which has the existence of
   Technology of the information and communication (for its acronym in English,
   ICT) resources infrastructure as tools to support education.  In which there
   is the problem of not having a formal process of technological requirements;
   which generates incorrect requests by the coordinators of the ICT resource
   divisions according to their criteria, without any standardized process that
   responds to immediate needs.  For this reason, the objective is to create a
   system dynamics model that simulates the population sustainability of ICT
   educational resources, facing the needs of the student's population, based
   on the concepts of the Forrester world as support for technological
   management.  The research was developed under a correlational approach of
   the factors that affect the response and quasi-experimental variables, on
   the natural situation where the variables of importance can be controlled,
   and determine the characteristics on the effect obtained in the simulation
   techniques.  Through the literature review, records, physical and virtual
   documents of the university, a statistical study of the historical behavior
   is made; with the use of the Ithink10.0.3 software for academic purposes and
   the Vensim application as a graphic tool, to obtain conclusions.  Results
   that present as a contribution to the literature in the field of HEIs, the
   use of techniques such as system dynamics, which helps decision-making and
   investment projection that is made in the development plans of endowment and
   resource management ICT educational.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE dynamic; education; hei; simulation; systems; technology; tic; university
ID application programs; education computing; engineering education;
   investments; sustainable development; system theory; colombia; decisions
   makings; educational resource; hei; information and communication
   technologies; simulation; system; system dynamics modeling; technology; tic;
   decision making

---

UT 78
AR Nooshiravani Y, 2022, HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION, V6, DOI
   10.18502/htaa.v6i3.12431
TI Measurement of the Satisfaction Level of the Country’s Pharmaceutical
   Industry with Suppliers of Raw Materials in This Industry Using System
   Dynamics
AU Nooshiravani Y; Bazai QA; Aligholi M
TC 0
SO HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION
PY 2022
AB Background: The success of the supply chain can be summed up in the
   satisfaction level of business partners and customers, according to several
   diverse needs of each of the business partners in the studied supply chain,
   including the country’s pharmaceutical industry and suppliers of raw
   materials.  Methods: This study has attempted to investigate satisfaction
   according to the views under possible scenarios to improve satisfaction.
   The model presented in this regard to realize the main objective of this
   study is based on the principles of system dynamics, and VENSIM DSS has been
   used for its design.  Results: according to the study results, it can be
   acknowledged that the satisfaction of each of the business partners with the
   supply chain is different from each other, and the best scenarios to improve
   the satisfaction include an improvement of 3% in inventory management and a
   reduction by 5% in rework and parallel work during the studied period.
   Conclusions: Under this scenario, the satisfaction of business partners in
   this regard will improve during the studied period, or in other words, the
   satisfaction of the parties will move optimally.  © 2021 Tehran University
   of Medical Sciences.
DE satisfaction; supply chain; system dynamics

---

UT 79
AR Ning J, 2024, ENERGY, V288, DOI 10.1016/j.energy.2023.129758
TI Analysis of the dynamic evolution process of the digital transformation of
   renewable energy enterprises based on the cooperative and evolutionary game
   model
AU Ning J; Xiong L
TC 71
SO ENERGY
PY 2024
AB Based on the cooperative-evolutionary game model, this paper studies the
   dynamic evolution process of the digital transformation strategy selection
   of renewable energy power plants and renewable energy selling enterprises
   under government supervision.  Renewable energy power plants, renewable
   energy selling enterprises, and the government are taken as the game
   players.  The Shapley value based on the cooperation game distributes the
   cooperation benefits brought about by the digital transformation of
   enterprises and analyses the dynamic evolution process of the strategy of
   the three-party game players based on evolutionary game theory.  Then, based
   on the system dynamics model, Anylogic and Vensim software are used to
   simulate the cooperative evolutionary game model, and a sensitivity analysis
   of the key factors affecting the system stability is carried out.  The
   results show that the “digital transformation” of renewable-energy power
   plants and renewable-energy selling enterprises will bring about cooperation
   benefits and promote their joint promotion of digital transformation.
   Government incentives can accelerate the digital transformation of renewable
   energy companies.  The increase in economic, environmental, and social
   benefits brought about by the digital transformation of renewable energy
   enterprises promotes the speed of the digital transformation of renewable
   energy power plants and renewable energy selling enterprises.  © 2023
   Elsevier Ltd
DE cooperative game; digital transformation; evolutionary game; renewable
   energy enterprises; system dynamics model
ID game theory; sensitivity analysis; system stability; system theory;
   cooperative game; digital transformation; dynamic evolution; evolution
   process; evolutionary game models; evolutionary games; renewable energies;
   renewable energy enterprise; renewable energy power; system dynamics
   modeling; alternative energy; digitization; energy market; game theory;
   incentive; power plant; sensitivity analysis; software; sales

---

UT 80
AR Castillo-Paz AA, 2024, PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL
   MANAG ARTIF INTELL ERA PROC, DOI 10.23919/PICMET64035.2024.10653023
TI A Case Study in Engineering Change Administration Operations in Serially
   Produced Vehicles: A System Dynamics Approach to Painted Body Current
   Product Operations
AU Castillo-Paz AA; Elizondo-Noriega A; Ramirez A; Emmett GL; Rouen J; Topp A;
   Linan R; Perez AS; Ceciliano-Meza JL; Pifial-Moctezurna JF
TC 2
SO PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL MANAG ARTIF INTELL ERA
   PROC
PY 2024
AB This research explores the dynamics of Engineering Change Analysis (ECA) in
   Painted Body Current Product Operations within the automotive industry,
   employing a System Dynamics model to evaluate the impact of engineering
   changes on error rates during car assembly.  Our study focuses on a luxury
   car production facility in Mexico, analyzing how changes in body-in-white
   and painted body components affect downstream integration with other vehicle
   parts.  Utilizing Vensim modeling, we simulate various engineering change
   scenarios to predict complications and assess process efficiency and error
   rates.  Key concepts such as Quality Coordination Cost (QCC), Complexity
   Index, and Incorrect Physical Implementation (InPhyImp) are introduced to
   provide frameworks for understanding the challenges and enhancing decision-
   making in ECA operations.  The findings underscore the critical role of
   properly coordinated engineering changes in minimizing production errors and
   ensuring seamless integration of new technologies into existing
   manufacturing processes.  The model not only addresses immediate operational
   needs but also offers insights into improving strategic decision-making in
   ECA operations by integrating advanced simulation techniques and considering
   the human factors involved in engineering changes.  © 2024 PICMET.
ID automobile bodies; cost engineering; current; automotives; car assembly;
   case-studies; change analysis; engineering changes; error rate; product
   operations; system dynamics approach; system dynamics modeling; automotive
   industry

---

UT 81
AR Nozari H, 2021, WATER PR TECHNOL, V16, P196, DOI 10.2166/wpt.2020.109
TI System dynamics simulation of crop yield under different irrigation water
   quality and quantity
AU Nozari H; Azadi S
TC 2
SO WATER PR TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB Agricultural products are one of the major sources of food for people in
   many countries.  So, increasing crop yield is a major challenge for
   governments as increasing the population.  On the other hand, agricultural
   improvement needs to take into consideration the type of land and water
   available.  The decrease of water availability and soil salinity are two
   major limiting factors in sustainable agriculture in the arid and semiarid
   regions.  In this study, the combined effect of salinity and water stress on
   crop yield was simulated by developing a computer model based on a system
   dynamics approach.  Model calibration and validation were performed using
   data collected from the Abshar Irrigation Network located on the
   hydrological Zayandehrud River.  For each individual run of the model, two
   statistics were calculated: Root Mean Square Error and Standard Error.  The
   averages of these indices were estimated as 2,777 kg·ha-1 and 0.07 for sugar
   beet yield, 0.026 and 0.09 for soil moisture and finally 0.54 dS·m-1 and
   0.08 for salinity of the root zone, respectively.  The result showed a good
   agreement between the simulation model and the actual data.  Therefore, the
   model can be calibrated and used to estimate the crop yield with reasonable
   accuracy.  © IWA Publishing 2021.
DE modeling; saline water; sugar beet; system dynamics approach; vensim
   software
ID agricultural robots; arid regions; crops; error statistics; irrigation; mean
   square error; soil moisture; sugar beets; system theory; water quality; arid
   and semi-arid regions; irrigation networks; irrigation water quality; model
   calibration and validation; root mean square errors; sustainable
   agriculture; system dynamics approach; system dynamics simulation; yield
   stress

---

UT 82
AR Zheng Y/4, 2021, PROCESS, V9, DOI 10.3390/pr9081398
TI Risk propagation of concentralized distribution logistics plan change in
   cruise construction
AU Zheng Y/4; Ke J; Wang H/5
TC 9
SO PROCESS
PY 2021
AB Compared with the ordinary merchant ship building, the concentralized
   distribution in cruise building is more complex.  Plan change is a common
   phenomenon in cruise building, and it is easy to lead to mismatch between
   production and logistics, resulting in risks such as production schedule
   delay and inventory backlog.  In order to reduce the adverse effects of plan
   change on the shipyard, it is necessary to conduct an in-depth study on the
   risks of a centralized distribution logistics plan.  Based on the analysis
   of the composition of the centralized distribution logistics planning
   system, risk factors in different plan links are identified in this paper.
   A system dynamic model is constructed to simulate the propagation of five
   basic types of planning risk, including procure-ment plan, warehousing plan,
   pallet concentralization plan, distribution plan and production plan.  In
   the case study of HVAC (heating, ventilation and air conditioning)
   materials, the values of risk factors are estimated though consulting
   experts with questionnaire.  The weight of each risk factor in each
   subsystem is calculated by a method combined with analytic hierarchy process
   and coeffi-cient of variation method.  Through the simulation experiments
   carried out in Vensim, it is found that both inventory backlog risk and
   cruise construction schedule delay risk increase with the in-creasement of
   estimated values of risk factors, which is an effective proof of the
   rationality of the model, and that the most sensitive risk factor for both
   the two kinds of risk is production planning risk.  © 2021 by the authors.
   Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE concentralized distribution logistics; plan change; risk propagation; system
   dynamics

---

UT 83
AR Loo PS, 2026, LANCET REG HEAL -, V57, DOI 10.1016/j.lana.2026.101449
TI Hypertension management in São Paulo: insights from a computational
   simulation approach
AU Loo PS; Silveira M; Baxter YC; Avezum Á; Drager LF; Bortolotto LA; Boch J;
   Muñoz DC
TC 1
SO LANCET REG HEAL -
PY 2026
AB Background: Hypertension poses significant global health challenges,
   especially in urban settings where systemic complexity exacerbates its
   burden.  This study aimed to assess whether integrated intervention
   strategies, tested using a system dynamics model (the Simulator), can
   improve hypertension control and reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) events
   in São Paulo, Brazil.MethodsThe Simulator was constructed in Stella
   Architect to project the intervention impacts on hypertension outcomes.  It
   quantifies a causal loop diagram using São Paulo-specific data on
   hypertension prevalence, cascade of care, and CVD events over 2011–2045.
   Validation comprised sensitivity and global sensitivity analyses to assess
   uncertainty.FindingsThe Base scenario reflecting interventions introduced in
   2018–2019, showed improvements in screening and diagnosis compared to a no-
   intervention scenario.  Integrated interventions of patient engagement and
   health system improvements increased controlled cases by 41% (95% UI: 33% to
   47%) and reduced CVD events rates by 19% (UI: −29% to −6%) at 15 years.
   These interventions heightened diagnostic and treatment demand, highlighting
   the need for expanded healthcare capacity.  Expanding this capacity further
   increased controlled cases by 44% (UI: 37% to 53%) and reduced CVD events
   rates by 20% (UI: −31% to −8%). The most comprehensive scenario,
   incorporating prevention measures, achieved a 44% increase in controlled
   cases (UI: 36% to 53%) and a 22% reduction in CVD events rates (UI: −32% to
   −10%), showing long-term impacts of prevention.InterpretationA combined
   strategy that engages patients, expands service capacity, and delays disease
   onset offers the greatest gains.  It highlights the need to balance
   individual, systemic, and preventive approaches to reduce hypertension
   burdens in complex systems for health.  Future steps include
   institutionalizing the Simulator within São Paulo's municipal strategies,
   and adapting it to other Latin American cities, fostering region-wide,
   evidence-based planning.FundingThis study was funded by the Novartis
   Foundation.  © 2026 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.  This is an
   open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
   http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/
DE cardiovascular diseases; hypertension; policy testing; simulation; sao paulo

---

UT 84
AR Keyvanfar M, 2025, WATER SOIL MANAG MODEL, V5, P251, DOI
   10.22098/mmws.2024.15960.1505
TI Assessment of the water resources carrying capacity of Anzali wetland using
   a combined AHP-entropy weighting method and forward cloud model
AU Keyvanfar M; Janatrostami S; Ashrafzadeh A
TC 1
SO WATER SOIL MANAG MODEL
PY 2025
AB Introduction For the sustainable development of the socio-economic economy,
   water resources are not only an important limiting factor but also play an
   irreplaceable role as a "carrier". "Carrying capacity" is a term derived
   from ecology that refers to the limitation of the maximum number of
   individuals under specific environmental conditions.  Water Resources
   Carrying Capacity (WRCC) is the support capacity of water resources for the
   livelihood of the region's population and socio-economic development.  Due
   to the differences in water resource systems, socio-economic conditions, and
   ecological environmental settings in various regions and natural conditions,
   the assessment of WRCC does not follow a consistent pattern across different
   geographical areas, making the evaluation of WRCC a complex issue.  The aim
   of assessing and analyzing WRCC is to determine the relationship between
   limited water resources and population, the environment, and economic
   development.  Wetlands play a pivotal role in sustainable development as a
   vital resource.  With an increasing population and economic growth, the
   pressure on water resources is rising.  The Water Resource Carrying Capacity
   is defined as the ability of a water system to support human activities.  In
   this study, considering the significance of Anzali wetland, which is being
   destroyed alongside the advancement of urbanization processes as part of the
   natural ecosystems, the water resources carrying capacity of Anzali wetland
   is being evaluated.  Materials and Methods To evaluate the water resources
   carrying capacity, the water resource system of the region was modeled using
   the system dynamics method and VENSIM software.  Based on the modeling
   results, eight evaluation indicators were population, water resources, re
   defined for each subsystem nd, with a total of 8 indices ned AHP-Entropy
   method.  In lts with the actual situation of er resources and consumption d
   environmental conditions of vided into four levels based on research.  These
   levels are: I zy model and determining the membership degrees of the indices
   at each evaluation level and for each year, the water resources carrying
   capacity index of Anzali wetland was calculated for different evaluation
   levels over a 10-year period.  indicators from the water resources subsystem
   identified as the main obstacle factors in this regard.  These constraints
   pose challenges to improving the wetland's capacity, and the increase or
   decrease of these resources, especially under environmental and economic
   conditions, significantly influences the wetland's status Conclusion The
   results showed that the WRCC of the wetland had a decreasing trend during
   the study period and had reached a supercritical state.  The most important
   factors affecting the reduction in carrying capacity were identified as the
   shortage of surface and groundwater resources and the poor quality of water
   entering Anzali Wetland.  The overall findings of the investigations
   indicate that Anzali wetland has been in critical and super-critical
   conditions in recent years, highlighting the necessity for planning to
   improve its situation.  Considering the obstacle factors identified in this
   study, efforts can be directed towards planning and managing the wetland to
   move towards a more desirable state.  © Author(s).
DE anzali wetland; cloud model; combination weights; system dynamics; water
   resources

---

UT 85
AR Hosseinzadeh A, 2021, IRAN J MANAG STUD, V14, P291, DOI
   10.22059/IJMS.2020.295013.673905
TI Providing a system dynamics model to evaluate time, cost,and customer
   satisfaction in omni-channel distribution: A case study
AU Hosseinzadeh A; Esmaili H; Soltani R
TC 5
SO IRAN J MANAG STUD
PY 2021
AB The shopping experience in Omni-channel distributions is influenced by the
   physical environment of the buyer, delivery time, and the cost of production
   to distribution of the goods which have a significant impact on customer
   loyalty and customer satisfaction.  This study presents a system dynamics
   approach to identify the variables affecting the three aspects of customer
   satisfaction, cost, and delivery time, as well as the relationships among
   these variables in omni-channel distribution.  By reviewing previous studies
   and expert opinions identifying important variables, followed by generating
   different scenarios in the Vensim software, the optimal values of the
   important variables are estimated.  It is observed that by approaching the
   values of the fourth scenario - increase in the amount of market
   competitiveness indices, customer referral rate, marketing costs, technology
   etc.  and decrease in the maintenance costs - the highest customer
   satisfaction and the lowest cost and delivery time can be achieved.  © 2021
   Iranian journal of Management Studies.
DE cost and delivery time; customer satisfaction; omni-channel distribution;
   system dynamics

---

UT 86
AR Bjelic IB, 2024, E-PRIME - ADV ELEC ENG ELEC ENERGY, V9, DOI
   10.1016/j.prime.2024.100713
TI Simulation-based optimization concept for integrated assessment models: Case
   study MEDEAS-world
AU Bjelic IB; Capellán-Pérez I; Rajakovic N
TC 2
SO E-PRIME - ADV ELEC ENG ELEC ENERGY
PY 2024
AB Simulation based optimization concept has been so far presented at local and
   national energy systems planning levels.  This method represents a
   systematic way of dealing with uncertainties and combinatorial complexity
   when using modelling tools of very large size with significant number of
   possible policy inputs, and could be useful to analyse policy
   recommendations in broader models integrating more dimensions than energy.
   For the first time, the concept is successfully demonstrated using a working
   integrated assessment model (IAM), although some attempts have been
   mentioned in literature previously.  IAMs aim to link main features of
   society, economy and energy with the biosphere and atmosphere into one
   modelling framework.  The concept has been demonstrated for the IAM MEDEAS-
   World using system dynamics platform Vensim (version 9.3.4.) for both
   simulation and optimization.  For an optimization problem formulation, 12
   decision variables are selected from numerous input model parameters, the
   gross domestic product per capita has been selected for a goal function from
   simulation result as quantifiable policy objective, while for the constraint
   CO2 emissions is selected as subject to binding targets.  It is possible to
   compile the simulation code so that optimization running time is around 10
   times shorter.  Preliminary results show that it is possible to implement
   richer optimization problems without significant increases in the running
   time using personal computers.  The main contribution of this work is to
   prove the concept of simulation-based optimization by a demonstration within
   a working IAM. This opens the way to promising future work to inform about
   optimal combinations of available policies within different storylines, as
   well as providing additional general understanding of the IAM which could
   allow to improve the model.  The original Vensim code has been provided in
   the Appendix.  © 2024
DE coupling; iam; optimization; simulation; vensim

---

UT 87
AR [Anonymous], 2023, ADV ANIM VET SCI, V11, P1209, DOI
   10.17582/journal.aavs/2023/11.7.1209.1217
TI Sustainable Feed Supply for Bali Cattle Breeding Center in Pulukan, Bali,
   Indonesia: A System Dynamics Modelling
TC 1
SO ADV ANIM VET SCI
PY 2023
AB This study aimed to simulate and determine the dynamics of feed supply under
   three scenarios at the Bali cattle breeding centre in Pulukan, Bali,
   Indonesia.  The system dynamics approach were employed to develop the model,
   and Pulukan data from 2019 to 2021 was used to validate the model.  The data
   were analysed using Powersim Academic version 10. The dynamic modelling
   consisted of three sub-models, i.e., cattle population, forage production,
   and concentrate supplementation.  The model predicted that the level of feed
   supply would increase as forage production was increased the cattle
   population was reduced and although concentrate supplementation was
   decreased.  The simulations of three scenarios revealed that a combination
   of scenarios across the cattle-forage-concentrate nexus appears to be the
   most efficient in meeting answer to meet the standards for recommended
   nutrient intake.  In conclusion, larger forage production rate and cattle
   distribution rate scenario returned the higher feedstock, which could supply
   100% of the needs for protein and energy, and 96.5% for dry matter by 2029.
   © 2023 by the authors.  Licensee ResearchersLinks Ltd, England, UK. This
   article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions
   of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license
   (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
DE bali cattle; feed supply; forage production; sustainability agriculture
   policy; system dynamics

---

UT 88
AR Lu G-Y, 2022, J TRANSP ENG, V20, P150, DOI
   10.19961/j.cnki.1672-4747.2021.07.031
TI A Prediction and System Dynamics Simulation Study of Freight Demand of Sino-
   Europe International Railway; [中欧国际铁路货运需求预测及系统动力学仿真研究]
AU Lu G-Y; Tang Y-Y; Chen S/2
TC 3
SO J TRANSP ENG
PY 2022
AB The development of Sino-Europe International Railway freight demand is
   affected by many factors.To clarify the influencing factors and their
   quantitative impact on the development of freight demand, the grey entropy
   method was used in this study to effectively screen the key factors strongly
   related to the demand for international railway freight between China and
   Europe.We also analyzed the multiple feedback relationship among macro-
   economy-trade, freight supply and demand, and competition constraints
   between different transportation modes.A dynamic model of the Sino-Europe
   International Railway freight system was constructed, and the Vensim
   software was employed to simulate and study the differences in the impact of
   system variables on the fluctuation of freight demand.The simulation results
   show that the model predicts that the Sino-Europe International Railway
   freight demand will exceed 70 million tons from 2023 to 2025.The factor
   of“competition of other modes of transportation”has the greatest influence
   on this value.Improving the competitiveness of the Sino-Europe international
   railway freight is the key to ensure its demand.At present, it is not
   appropriate to quickly cancel the preferential tariff policies.The carrying
   capacity of China's border ports should be further improved.Excessive
   investment on railway can also lead to imbalance in the development of a
   comprehensive Sino-Europe international transportation system and limit the
   growth of its total freight demand.In a future study, the impact of specific
   factors such as international freight rate, transportation timeliness, and
   overseas channel capacity can be further analyzed.  © 2022 Southwest
   Jiaotong University.  All rights reserved.
DE demand forecast; international railway freight transportation; railway
   transportation; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 89
AR Liu J/1, 2022, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V29, P12614, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-15816-z
TI Risk sharing for PPP project in construction waste recycling industry in
   China
AU Liu J/1; Hua Z; Pang Y; Wang X/10
TC 22
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB With the deepening urbanization, urban renewal, and reconstruction movement
   in China, a large amount of construction waste has been generated.  In order
   to ease the financial pressure on the government to deal with construction
   waste, introducing the PPP model in the construction waste recycling
   industry has become popular.  Based on the theory of system dynamics, this
   paper studies the risks of using the PPP model in construction waste
   recycling industry.  First, a causal loop diagram was depicted according to
   the interaction of the main risk factors.  Then, using the system dynamics
   software Vensim, a dynamic model of the risks of the PPP project was
   constructed.  The results show the following: (1) the PPP project in the
   construction waste recycling industry is profitable; (2) For the PPP project
   in the construction waste recycling industry, the tendering risk will break
   out in 6~7 years, the greatest impact on tendering risk is the cooperation
   environment risk, where cooperation environment risk entropy is increased by
   50% and tendering risk entropy is increased by 53.66%; (3) Construction
   risks will break out in 7~8 years.  The construction cost, construction
   delay, and design defects have the greatest impact on construction risks,
   where entropy is increased by 50% and construction risk entropy is increased
   by 19.30%, 19.25%, and 19.08%, respectively; (4) The operational risk has
   not broken out in 10 years and is expected to break out in 10 to 20 years.
   Raw material power supply, production technology level, and operations
   management efficiency have the greatest impact on operational risk, where
   entropy is increased by 50% and operational risk entropy is increased by
   21.52%, 20.84%, and 20.76%, respectively.  These results can provide
   suggestions and references for the risk management of PPP projects in
   China’s construction waste recycling industry.  © 2021, The Author(s), under
   exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
DE construction waste recycling; ppp ( public-private partnership ); risk;
   system dynamics
ID china; crustal recycling; government; industrial waste; reconstruction;
   recycling; spatiotemporal analysis

---

UT 90
AR Sait YCB, 2023, ECOL ENG ENV TECH, V24, P225, DOI 10.12912/27197050/174094
TI Analysis of the Phytoremediation Dynamic System of Lead in Mangrove Plants
   at the Wonorejo River Estuary, Surabaya, Indonesia
AU Sait YCB; Titah HS; Pratikno H
TC 1
SO ECOL ENG ENV TECH
PY 2023
AB Lead (Pb) is a non-essential heavy metal found as an inorganic pollutant in
   the water, sediment, and mangrove plant tissue in Wonorejo River Estuary.
   Several studies showed that its concentration exceeds the quality standard
   stipulated in the Indonesian Government Regulation Number 22 of 2021 and the
   EPA sediment quality.  Moreover, the phytoremediation of Pb through
   mangroves Avicennia alba, Rhizophora stylosa, Sonneratia caseolaris, and
   Avicennia marina at Wonorejo River Estuary was investigated.  It was
   discovered that the environmental factors such as temperature, pH, and
   salinity as well as bioconcentration factor (BCF) and translocation factor
   (TF) values are different for each species.  The dynamics of the Pb
   phytoremediation system were also modeled using Vensim PLE x64 software to
   determine the effect of environmental factors such as temperature, pH,
   salinity, BOD and COD, as well as Pb concentration on the ability of
   mangroves to accumulate and translocate Pb.  The results showed that a
   behavioral mechanism pattern was formed based on the relationship between
   the environmental factors, Pb concentration, and the phytoremediation
   ability of the mangroves with time.  This pattern affected the root and leaf
   BCF values of each mangrove.  Furthermore, the validation test showed that
   the model is structurally valid and has MAPE values for the Pb
   phytoremediation model with S. caseolaris and R. stylosa having <30% while
   Avicennia marina and A. alba had <50%. Therefore, the model was categorized
   as fairly good with a valid forecast.  The system dynamics predicted that
   the highest concentrations of Pb in water, roots, and stems in 2041 were in
   R. stylose at 1,329,110 mg/L, 2,054,110 mg/kg, and 3,393,950 mg/kg,
   respectively.  The highest accumulation value in plant tissue was dominated
   by mangrove species of R. stylose.  In conclusion, the environmental
   parameter values at habitat of R. stylose were in good condition for the
   growth of the mangroves compared with other species of mangrove.  © 2023,
   Polskie Towarzystwo Inzynierii Ekologicznej (PTIE). All rights reserved.
DE dynamic system; environmental factors; lead accumulation; vensim ple;
   wonorejo river mangroves

---

UT 91
AR Abraham M, 2022, AQUA WATER INFRASTRUCT ECOSYST SOC, V71, P975, DOI
   10.2166/aqua.2022.038
TI Simulation of chain of tanks to augment water supply: a case study from
   Tamil Nadu
AU Abraham M; Venugopal K; Arunkumar R; Pramada SK
TC 2
SO AQUA WATER INFRASTRUCT ECOSYST SOC
PY 2022
AB The application of system dynamics techniques is gaining significance and is
   much needed for an effective management of the depleting water resources in
   a dynamically complex region and considers it as the feedback from the
   system.  The present study deals with the application of a system dynamic
   approach to simulate a chain of four tanks in the Guduvanchery watershed,
   Tamil Nadu, India.  Standard datadriven models cannot be effectively used
   due to a lack of quality data for ungauged basins.  VENSIM was used for the
   system dynamic simulation to assess water availability for the sustainable
   management of water resources.  Inflow into the four tanks, net losses in
   each tank, and crop water requirement were given as inputs into VENSIM.
   Along with different models, an extensive field survey was carried out to
   quantify each input component.  Based on system dynamics simulation, only
   28% of the total available water is used for irrigation and the rest is
   wasted due to evaporation, transition loss, and spill from the tanks.  It
   was found that there was approximately 5.46 MCM of surface water available
   in the watershed, and it will be able to supply the domestic demand of the
   watershed of 0.672 MCM in addition to the irrigation requirement.  © 2022
   The Authors.
DE chain of tanks; hydrological modeling; nrcs model; runoff; simulation;
   vensim
ID india; tamil nadu; irrigation; surface waters; system theory; tanks (
   containers ); water management; water supply; case-studies; chain of tank;
   hydrological models; nrcs model; simulation; system dynamics simulation;
   system dynamics technique; tamil nadu; vensim; waters resources;
   hydrological modeling; runoff; simulation; spatiotemporal analysis; water
   resource; water supply; watershed; watersheds

---

UT 92
AR de Wit JA, 2026, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V40, DOI 10.1007/s11269-025-04393-2
TI Subsurface Irrigation in Regional Water Management: a System Dynamics
   Approach to Support Decision Making
AU de Wit JA; van Dam JC; Heijmans THH; van Huijgevoort MHJ; Ritsema CJ;
   Bartholomeus RP
TC 0
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2026
AB Controlled drainage with subirrigation (CDSI) using surface water
   contributes to freshwater availability by recharging, retaining and
   discharging water.  However, CDSI systems affect regional hydrological
   fluxes, which requires adequate regional planning and management.  This
   study aims to (i) investigate to what extent regional upscaling of CDSI can
   be supported in relation to surface water availability, using a system
   dynamics model (SDM) and (ii) identify how an SDM can support decision
   making of water management authorities.  An SDM was developed to simulate
   changes in hydrological fluxes and water levels resulting from CDSI
   upscaling from the local to the regional scale.  An SDM was used as it is
   able to capture key non-linear feedbacks within the water system, such as
   those between (i) surface water and groundwater, (ii) groundwater and
   unsaturated zone, (iii) regional water supply and weir management.  The
   model provides insight into changes in hydrological fluxes due to CDSI
   upscaling, without long computational times and the complexities of
   spatially distributed models.  Simulations show non-linear propagation of
   hydrological fluxes, where three phases can be identified for different
   degrees of upscaling: (i) sufficient surface water availability, (ii)
   surface water availability decreases due to subirrigation, and (iii)
   insufficient water availability due to overexploitation.  These phases are
   related to regional and local water management strategies controlled by
   water management authorities and farmers, and to geohydrological
   characteristics.  In conclusion, the SDM can support early-stage strategic
   planning on the feasibility of CDSI upscaling and facilitate discussions
   between stakeholders by efficiently visualizing and quantifying associated
   hydrological effects.  © The Author(s) 2026.
DE controlled-drainage; local scale; regional scale; subirrigation; system
   dynamics modeling; vensim; water management
ID drainage; economic and social effects; hydrology; recharging ( underground
   waters ); regional planning; spatial distribution; surface waters; system
   theory; controlled-drainage; decisions makings; local scale; nonlinear;
   regional scale; system dynamics modeling; upscaling; vensim; water
   availability; waters managements; decision support system; drainage;
   irrigation; modeling; upscaling; water availability; water flux; water
   management; decision making; subirrigation; water management

---

UT 93
AR Nie S, 2024, J CLEAN PROD, V452, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.142174
TI Deciphering stakeholder strategies in electric vehicle battery recycling:
   Insights from a tripartite evolutionary game and system dynamics
AU Nie S; Cai G; Huang Y/2; He J/1
TC 19
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2024
AB Given that the global fleet of electric vehicles is expanding rapidly,
   leading to a surge in demand for power batteries, the significance of
   battery recycling has come sharply into focus.  In this paper, we develop a
   tripartite evolutionary game model coupled with a system dynamics simulation
   approach to analyze the behavioral mechanisms of stakeholders in electric
   vehicle battery recycling and to identify the key factors influencing their
   strategic transformations.  The model involves three key stakeholders: local
   governments, battery cathode manufacturers, and battery pack manufacturers.
   Through profit analysis and the formulation of a replicator dynamics system,
   coupled with the application of Vensim for system dynamics modeling, we
   analyze the effects of ten crucial exogenous variables on stakeholder
   strategies.  Our research highlights the crucial role of government actions,
   such as subsidies and penalties, in directing corporate strategies.
   Notably, excessively high subsidies (over 2.1 million Chinese Yuan) lead to
   dependency among cathode manufacturers.  Market factors, including increased
   battery sales and the preference for low-carbon procurement by electric
   vehicle manufacturers, are shown to significantly motivate cathode
   manufacturers to adopt recycling strategies and encourage pack manufacturers
   to develop recyclable designs.  Additionally, the introduction of EU battery
   regulations and the integration of cathode manufacturers into carbon trading
   schemes have been identified as positive catalysts for strategic shifts,
   especially for cathode manufacturers, while exerting minimal influence on
   pack manufacturers.  This paper elucidates the intricate interaction of the
   behavioral patterns and key motivators affecting stakeholder strategies in
   electric vehicle battery recycling.  © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
DE battery carbon footprint; electric vehicle battery recycling; eu battery
   regulation; evolutionary game analysis; subsidy policy; system dynamics
ID battery pack; cathodes; charging ( batteries ); electric vehicles;
   electronic waste; fleet operations; recycling; battery carbon; battery
   carbon footprint; battery recycling; electric vehicle batteries; electric
   vehicle battery recycling; eu battery regulation; evolutionary game analyze;
   evolutionary games; game analysis; subsidy policy; system dynamics; carbon
   footprint

---

UT 94
AR Lu J, 2024, BOAO POWER SYST INT FORUM - POWER SYST ENERGY TECHNOL INNOV
   FORUM NPSIF, P847, DOI 10.1109/NPSIF64134.2024.10883422
TI Optimization Model and Optimal Strategy Simulation Study of Electricity Cost
   for Industrial and Commercial Users under New Electricity Price Policy
AU Lu J
TC 0
SO BOAO POWER SYST INT FORUM - POWER SYST ENERGY TECHNOL INNOV FORUM NPSIF
PY 2024
AB Based on the "Document No.  526"new electricity price policy issued by the
   National Development and Reform Commission, an electricity cost estimation
   model for industrial and commercial users is constructed to analyze the
   optimal choice between single-system and two-part electricity pricing.  By
   conducting critical value analysis and sensitivity testing, the cost-benefit
   boundaries under different electricity usage conditions are determined.
   Taking an actual industrial and commercial user as an example, a simulation
   model is built using system dynamics theory and VENSIM software to verify
   the effectiveness of flexible electricity usage strategies in reducing
   enterprise electricity costs, providing strategic guidance for enterprises
   on rational electricity planning and cost saving under the new policy
   environment.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE boundary conditions; electricity price and cost; modeling analysis; third
   regulatory cycle
ID commercial users; condition; electricity costs; electricity prices;
   electricity usage; industrial users; modeling analyzes; optimization models;
   price policy; third regulatory cycle

---

UT 95
AR Hu X-W, 2021, JIAOTONG YUNSHU XITONG GONGCHENG YU XINXI J TRANSP SYST ENG
   TECHNOL, V21, P244, DOI 10.16097/j.cnki.1009-6744.2021.06.028
TI Urban Transportation Emission Reduction Governance Strategies Under Peak
   Carbon Dioxide Emissions; [碳达峰下城市交通运输减排治理策略研究]
AU Hu X-W; Bao J-S; An S; Tang P-C
TC 18
SO JIAOTONG YUNSHU XITONG GONGCHENG YU XINXI J TRANSP SYST ENG TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB With the continuous acceleration of the process of urbanization and
   motorization in China, the carbon and pollution emission problem of the
   transportation industry has become more and more serious, which has become
   one of the main sources of carbon emissions.  Effective management of urban
   traffic emissions through policy measures is the key to achieving
   sustainable urban development and the peak carbon dioxide emissions before
   2030. Based on the analysis of the urban transportation system structure and
   the causal relationship of various elements, this paper divided the urban
   transportation energy consumption and emission system into seven subsystems:
   population, economy, private cars, public transportation, logistics and
   freight transportation, transportation infrastructure, energy consumption,
   and emissions, and used system dynamics method to establish an urban
   transportation emission reduction governance policy decision model, taking
   Harbin as an example to conduct policy simulation.  First, we established
   the causal diagram and stock-flow diagram, and performed equation setting,
   parameter estimation, and validity test on the model, then we used Vensim
   software to simulate the effects of different policies, finally, we
   discussed how to adopt different policies to achieve the target of urban
   transportation peak carbon dioxide emissions, so as to provide decision-
   making basis and strategic plan for urban transportation emission reduction
   governance.  Copyright © 2021 by Science Press.
DE emission reduction governance; peak carbon dioxide emissions; strategy
   simulation; system dynamics; urban traffic
ID carbon dioxide; decision making; energy utilization; freight transportation;
   global warming; public policy; software testing; system theory; urban
   growth; urban transportation; carbon dioxide emissions; carbon emissions;
   emission reduction; emission reduction governance; energy emissions; peak
   carbon dioxide emission; pollution emissions; strategy simulation;
   transportation industry; urban traffic; emission control

---

UT 96
AR Zhu X/1, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P761, DOI 10.1145/3656766.3656893
TI Evolutionary game research of safety production supervision of chemical
   enterprises
AU Zhu X/1; Zhang M/5; Liu T
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB The safety supervision of chemical parks involves multiple entities,
   including regulatory authorities and various enterprises.  Under the same
   regulatory conditions, the interests of each entity are different, which
   poses challenges to the determination of regulatory policies.  A penalty
   coefficient is introduced to analyze the dynamic evolutionary process.
   Based on system dynamics, an analytical model of game evolution processes
   under static and dynamic penalty strategies is established, and dynamic
   simulation analysis is conducted using Vensim.  The results show that the
   use of dynamic penalty strategies in supervision can effectively control the
   risks caused by the volatility of strategy selection.  The government can
   reasonably match dynamic and static penalty strategies in supervision, in
   order to help regulatory authorities propose solutions and ensure the
   internal safety of chemical parks.  © 2023 ACM.
DE chemical park; evolutionary game theory; punishment strategy; safety
   supervision; system dynamics
ID system theory; chemical park; evolutionary game theory; evolutionary games;
   game research; penalty strategy; punishment strategy; regulatory
   authorities; safety production; safety supervision; system dynamics; game
   theory

---

UT 97
AR Zheng Z, 2025, KANG T'IEH, V60, P205, DOI
   10.13228/j.boyuan.issn0449-749x.20240682
TI System dynamic laws and regulation methods of "one ladle from BF to BOF"
   mode at iron and steel interface
AU Zheng Z; Yang Z; Yang Y/4; Wang Y/14; Gao X/1
TC 1
SO KANG T'IEH
PY 2025
AB ：The "one ladle from BF to BOF mode"，as an innovative interface technology
   adopted by long-process steel enterprises，demonstrates significant
   advantages in optimizing operations，particularly in enhancing ladle turnover
   rates and reducing temperature drops during iron transport processes.  To
   fully leverage the technical advantages of this mode and facilitate the
   transformation of steel enterprises towards high-efficiency and low-carbon
   operation control，the system dynamics operation law of the "one ladle from
   BF to BOF" mode was investigated based on metallurgical process engineering
   and system dynamics theory.  Through systematic analysis，dynamic control
   methods for timely adjustment of iron ladle operations，both online and
   offline，were elucidated.  By analyzing thrust and tension sources at the
   iron-steel interface using metallurgical process engineering，the fundamental
   operating characteristics of ferrous material flow were identified.  System
   dynamics methodology was employed to establish causal relationships between
   main state variables and decision variables at the interface，constructing a
   comprehensive system dynamics model for ferrous material flow operation.
   This model clarified dynamic level equations of the interface system and
   formulates calculation formulas for input and output rate equations.  Under
   the "one ladle from BF to BOF" paradigm，a model for the iron and steel
   packet turnover process was established.  Quantitative analysis of dynamic
   characteristics was conducted using actual production data from an interface
   comprising 3 large blast furnaces and 2 steel plants.  The results
   demonstrate that the system dynamics model effectively captures the
   influence of production rhythm changes in blast furnaces and steel plants on
   system operation status through input and output rate variations of ferrous
   material flow.  Furthermore，the number of iron ladles accurately reflects
   the system´'s operational patterns in practical production scenarios.
   Utilizing Vensim dynamic system simulation software，a dynamic ladle
   adjustment strategy based on material flow rate matching was
   proposed，enabling real-time regulation of ladle quantities according to rate
   differences between iron and steel sides.  Theoretical support for
   optimizing the operation mechanism of iron-steel interfaces is provided by
   this research，and decision-making guidance for production operation
   optimization in steel enterprises is offered.  © 2025, Chinese Society of
   Metals.  All rights reserved.
DE one ladle from bf to bof mode; control methods; iron and steel interface;
   material flow; metallurgical process engineering; operating laws; system
   dynamics
ID behavioral research; computer software; control theory; decision making;
   decision theory; dynamics; interface states; interfaces ( materials ); iron
   analysis; iron and steel plants; iron research; ladle metallurgy; process
   control; process engineering; steelmaking; system theory; one ladle from bf
   to bof mode; control methods; iron and steel; iron and steel interface;
   material flow; metallurgical process engineering; operating law; steel
   enterprise; steel interfaces; system dynamics

---

UT 98
AR Haiyirete X, 2024, SYST, V12, DOI 10.3390/systems12080315
TI Research on Safety Decision-Making Behavior in Megaprojects
AU Haiyirete X; Gan X; Wang J/2
TC 3
SO SYST
PY 2024
AB This research takes the construction companies and supervision units of
   megaprojects as the research objects and studies safety issues in
   construction decision-making for megaprojects.  Using evolutionary game
   theory, we construct an evolutionary game model of safety decision-making
   behavior for construction companies and supervision units based on the
   bounded rationality assumption.  The interaction and dynamic patterns of
   safety behaviors between the two construction entities are analyzed.
   Additionally, system dynamics Vensim PLE 10.2.1 software is employed to
   simulate and analyze the behavior of single entities as well as the impact
   of exogenous variables on the safety decision-making choices of both units.
   The research results indicate that positive choices in safety behavior
   decision-making contribute to enhancing the stability of megaproject
   construction.  Exogenous variables significantly influence the safety
   behavior decisions of both the construction companies and the supervision
   units in megaprojects.  An increase in cooperation benefits between the two
   parties fosters their active collaboration in completing mega engineering
   projects.  This research promotes cooperation between construction companies
   and supervision units during a construction process and provides a reference
   for the safe and orderly implementation and development of megaprojects.  ©
   2024 by the authors.
DE construction safety decision making; evolutionary game; megaprojects;
   systems dynamics

---

UT 99
AR Wang C/2, 2026, J SYST SCI, V14, P92, DOI 10.12012/JSSI-2025-0009
TI Towards a More Resilient and Cost-efficient Fresh Agri-food Supply Chain: A
   Collaborative Optimization via System Dynamics Methodology
AU Wang C/2; Liu Y/7; Li Y/10; Yuan L; Liu L/5
TC 0
SO J SYST SCI
PY 2026
AB In recent years, extreme weather events and pest/disease issues have made
   the resilience of the Agri-food supply chain a focus of social concern.
   Enterprises typically adopt two primary strategies to enhance the supply
   chain’s resilience, namely maintaining high inventory levels and improving
   logistics timeliness.  The former, particularly through the implementation
   of the safety stock strategy, appears more feasible in the short term but
   incurs significant costs, especially for Agri-food.  Therefore, striking a
   balance between resilience and cost efficiency is essential.  This paper
   proposes a system dynamics model to collaboratively optimize resilience and
   holding costs in a three-level Agri-food supply chain.  Using demand
   fulfillment rate as a resilience indicator, six simulation scenarios with
   varying inventory and transportation time configurations are designed.  The
   dynamic impacts of these factors on both costs and resilience are analyzed.
   Optimization is performed using the Powell hill climbing algorithm in
   Vensim® DSS to adjust the safety stock strategy.  Results show that:
   Reducing distributors’ transport time enhances resilience more, but at
   higher costs; increasing the inventory levels of retailers and distributors
   is more effective in improving resilience, though also accompanied by
   increased costs; Collaborative optimization among supply chain members can
   maximize both resilience and cost efficiency.  © 2026 Science China Press.
   All rights reserved.
DE collaborative optimization; fresh agri-food; holding costs; supply chain
   resilience; system dynamics

---

UT 100
AR Jin S, 2025, NANKAI BUS REV INT, DOI 10.1108/NBRI-07-2024-0070
TI Forward knowledge transfer from Chinese parent corporations to African
   affiliates from the perspective of transfer context: a system dynamics
   approach
AU Jin S; Zhang Y/12; Wang C
TC 0
SO NANKAI BUS REV INT
PY 2025
AB Purpose – The purpose of this study is to analyze and explore in depth the
   impact of transfer context factors on forward knowledge transfer from
   Chinese parent corporations to African affiliates, aiming to enhance the
   efficacy of Chinese parent corporations’ forward knowledge transfer to
   African affiliates from a transfer context perspective, and encourage the
   outstanding advancement of China–Africa collaboration.
   Design/methodology/approach – This study established a forward knowledge
   transfer model for Chinese parent corporations to African affiliates from a
   transfer context perspective.  Furthermore, a causal loop graph and system
   stock-flow chart based on the model were drawn using the System Dynamics
   approach.  Subsequently, the constructed SD model was subjected to
   simulation analyses and sensitivity tests using the Vensim v7.3.5
   application.  Findings – The results of this study indicate that the
   transfer contexts have a bearing on Chinese parent corporations’ forward
   knowledge transfer to African affiliates.  At the macro level, cultural and
   institutional distances, and at the micro level, geographical and
   organizational distances are unfavorable to Chinese parent corporations’
   forward knowledge transfer to African affiliates.  However, relationship
   strength and knowledge similarity are advantageous at the micro level.
   Originality/value – First, the knowledge transfer contexts are classified
   into macro and micro dimensions, and the impacts of these dimensions on the
   relatively under-researched forward knowledge transfer from Chinese parent
   corporations to African affiliates are explored.  Second, based on the SD
   approach, a complex, nonlinear and dynamically evolving forward knowledge
   transfer model is constructed, through which the circular feedback
   relationships among variables and the time-lag effects of knowledge transfer
   behaviors are clearly revealed.  Third, profound insights into the
   significance of context factors in knowledge transfer cooperation are
   provided for Chinese and African enterprise managers, helping them devise
   strategies to enhance knowledge transfer effectiveness.  © 2025 Emerald
   Publishing Limited
DE african affiliate; chinese parent corporation; knowledge transfer; system
   dynamics; transfer context

---

UT 101
AR [Anonymous], 2025, J GLOB INNOV AGRIC SCI, V13, P509, DOI
   10.22194/JGIAS/25.1563
TI A System Dynamics Approach to Corn Production in indonesia: Causal Loop
   Diagram
TC 1
SO J GLOB INNOV AGRIC SCI
PY 2025
AB This study investigates the challenges facing corn production in Indonesia,
   using a system dynamics approach to address its role in national food
   security.  The research focuses on declining domestic corn production,
   increasing reliance on imports, and limited market availability, all of
   which pose significant risks to food security.  The study's primary
   objective is to analyze strategies for improving corn production,
   emphasizing harvested area expansion, productivity enhancements, and their
   combined effects.  Time series data from 1980 to 2019 were sourced from the
   Central Bureau of Statistics (BPS), the Ministry of Agriculture, the
   Ministry of Trade, and the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO). A
   quantitative descriptive approach was employed, utilizing system dynamics
   modeling—comprising input-output analysis and causal loop diagrams—to
   simulate key factors influencing corn production.  Model verification was
   conducted using the Mean Absolute Percentage Error (MAPE) method, and
   simulations were performed with Powersim software to project future
   outcomes.  The results indicate that without strategic interventions
   (Scenario 1), corn production is projected to decline to 31,863,838 tons by
   2040, with productivity at 4.8 tons/ha, well below the potential 8 tons/ha.
   Scenario 2, which focuses on expanding harvested area by 3.5% per year while
   limiting land conversion, shows considerable potential if supported by sound
   management and policies.  Scenario 3 aims to increase productivity to 5.87
   tons/ha through advanced agricultural practices, with projected production
   reaching 44,761,157 tons by 2040. The combined strategy of area expansion
   and productivity improvement (Scenario 4) could result in corn availability
   of 15,063,006 tons by 2040. The study concludes that with proper government
   support, including the formation of farmer institutions, technical and
   financial assistance, and stronger partnerships between farmers and
   industry, Indonesia can significantly boost its corn production and enhance
   national food security.  © 2025 Society for Innovative Agriculture,
   University of Agriculture.  All rights reserved.
DE agricultural productivity; causal loop diagram; corn production; national
   food security; system dynamics

---

UT 102
AR Li S/3, 2025, PROC ACM IEEE JT CONF DIGIT LIBR, DOI 10.1145/3677389.3703184
TI Research on the Motivation of User Participation in Value Co-creation of
   Library Smart Services
AU Li S/3; Yuan J; Mao X
TC 0
SO PROC ACM IEEE JT CONF DIGIT LIBR
PY 2025
AB To comprehensively explore the driving forces behind users participation in
   value co-creation of smart library services, this study draws on theories of
   value co-creation, behavioral dynamics, and system dynamics.  User
   participation motivations are analyzed from the aspects of primary
   motivation, internal motivation and external motivation, and the system
   dynamics model is constructed.  Then the software VensimPLE is adopted to
   conduct simulation analysis, and identify key motivations and the underlying
   mechanisms of user participation in the value co-creation of library smart
   services.  © 2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE library smart service; system dynamics; user motivation; user participation;
   value co-creation
ID behavioral dynamics; behavioral systems; driving forces; library services;
   library smart service; smart services; system dynamics; user motivation;
   user participation; value co creations; system theory

---

UT 103
AR Guo Q, 2024, J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY, V16, DOI 10.1063/5.0202427
TI Influence of the development of solar photovoltaic industry on the
   relationship between supply and demand of key minerals in China
AU Guo Q; Wu K
TC 5
SO J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY
PY 2024
AB The importance of mineral resources cannot be ignored in the country's
   economic and social development and is of vital significance in securing
   China's continued economic and social prosperity.  Against the backdrop of
   the country's active promotion of the clean energy industry, the booming
   development of the photovoltaic industry has triggered a growing demand for
   its key raw materials, especially important metallic minerals.  Based on the
   system dynamics theory, the article uses Vensim to construct a photovoltaic
   cell-key metal mineral simulation model to analyze the development of
   China's photovoltaic industry in depth and focuses on its far-reaching
   impact on the supply and demand relationship of key minerals.  The results
   of the study show that (1) China's photovoltaic cells show strong growth;
   (2) recycling and technology substitution can significantly reduce the risk
   of copper and aluminum supply and demand imbalance; and (3) technology
   substitution is more effective than recycling in reducing the supply and
   demand imbalance of copper and aluminum.  Based on the above-mentioned
   findings, the article puts forward corresponding policy recommendations.  ©
   2024 Author(s).
ID aluminum; copper; economics; mineral resources; photoelectrochemical cells;
   solar power generation; clean energy; dynamics theory; economic and social
   development; energy industry; growing demand; metallic mineral; photovoltaic
   industry; solar photovoltaics; system dynamics; technology substitution;
   minerals

---

UT 104
AR Huiping Z, 2021, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/2493380
TI Research on the Differential Mechanisms of Knowledge Cross-Border Searching
   on Firms' Dual Innovation in the Digital Context: Based on Simulation of
   System Dynamics Model
AU Huiping Z; Yuxin Y
TC 4
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2021
AB Acquiring and combining heterogeneous knowledge resources across
   organizational boundaries are an important path for the success of
   enterprises' innovation.  From the perspective of the relation attributes
   between knowledge elements, this paper divides knowledge cross-border
   searching into two types: domain knowledge searching and architectural
   knowledge coupling searching.  Then, we construct a system dynamics model
   and use Vensim PLE software to carry out simulation analysis to explore the
   differential mechanisms of knowledge cross-border searching influence firms'
   dual innovation in the context of digital transformation.  The analysis
   results show that domain knowledge searching positively affects firms'
   iterative innovation, while there is an inverted U-shaped relationship
   between architectural knowledge searching and firms' disruptive innovation,
   indicating that different types of knowledge cross-border searching have
   differential effects on firms' dual innovation.  The simulation results also
   address that digital resources can promote enterprises' dual innovation in
   the process of knowledge cross-border searching.  The research results
   reveal that the internal laws of knowledge cross-border searching affect
   enterprises' dual innovation in the context of digital transformation and
   provide a theoretical reference for enterprises to effectively use digital
   technology to adopt knowledge searching activities.  © 2021 Zhou Huiping and
   Yang Yuxin.

---

UT 105
AR Bai L-B, 2021, ZONGGUO GONGLU XUEBAO, V34, P203, DOI
   10.19721/j.cnki.1001-7372.2021.09.017
TI Prevention Strategy of Highway Project Portfolio Construction Schedule Risk;
   [公路工程项目组合施工进度风险防范策略]
AU Bai L-B; Zhang L-Y; Sun Y-C; Yang Q; Qin X-L
TC 4
SO ZONGGUO GONGLU XUEBAO
PY 2021
AB To reduce the risk in the aspect of highway project portfolio construction,
   this paper put forward strategies for highway project portfolio construction
   schedule risks considering the interactive relationships between risks.
   Firstly, a three-level indicator system of highway project portfolio
   construction schedule risks was established through literature review and
   supplement by experts.  Secondly, the interactions between risk indicators
   were analyzed by using analytic network Process.  The wights of risk
   indicators were determined with Super Decision software.  Finally, the
   assessment model for highway project portfolio construction risks was
   established using system dynamics.  After verification of the effectiveness
   of the model, the risk level of construction risk was simulated using Vensim
   software.  On this basis, to reduce the schedule risk of highway project
   portfolio construction, this paper comprehensively considered the impact of
   the risks and the degree of risk interactions to improve the traditional
   "probability-loss" risk matrix.  And the effectiveness of different
   strategies was stimulated, then a prevention strategy set was put forward.
   Results show that the interactions between risks can cause rise in schedule
   risks of highway project portfolio construction throughout construction
   phase, and it is necessary to control risks.  After adopting single risk
   prevention strategies, the overall construction schedule risk is lower.
   However, the degree of the decline of the risk is not significant, only
   ranging from 0.13% to 10.12%. After adopting combined risk prevention
   strategies, the decline of construction schedule risk has significantly
   increased, ranging from 10.45% to 17.42%. The results clarify the
   interactions between highway project portfolio construction schedule risks,
   verify the effectiveness of the risk prevention strategies, and provide a
   basis for solving schedule risk prevention problems of the highway project
   portfolio construction.  © 2021, Editorial Department of China Journal of
   Highway and Transport.  All right reserved.
DE construction schedule; prevention strategy; project portfolio; risk
   interaction; road engineering; system dynamics
ID system theory; verification; construction risks; construction schedules;
   forward strategy; highway projects; prevention strategies; project
   portfolio; risk indicators; risk interaction; risk prevention; road
   engineering; risk assessment

---

UT 106
AR Xie R, 2023, MANAG DECIS, V61, P2050, DOI 10.1108/MD-06-2022-0767
TI Online knowledge sharing in blockchains: towards increasing participation
AU Xie R; Zhang W/2
TC 12
SO MANAG DECIS
PY 2023
AB Purpose: This paper aims to propose a system dynamics model of blockchain
   online community knowledge sharing, with the following goals: to reveal the
   internal mechanism of blockchain technology on community knowledge sharing;
   to show the impact of blockchain technology on knowledge sharing; and to
   promote knowledge sharing and the self-development of blockchain online
   communities.  Design/methodology/approach: Based on the core characteristic
   factors of blockchain technology, including incentive mechanism, trust
   mechanism, information protection mechanism, etc., a knowledge sharing
   analysis framework is established.  Through the use of the Vensim PLE
   (Personal Learning Version) software, according to the steps of “putting
   forward a dynamic hypothesis”, “establishing a system dynamic equations”,
   and then “model testing” and “simulation”, the article analyzes in depth the
   process and extent of the impact of the above features on online community
   knowledge sharing.  Findings: The results show that the blockchain incentive
   mechanism, trust mechanism and information protection mechanism all
   contribute to promoting an increase in the number of community knowledge
   sharing users, as well as in the total amount of knowledge shared.  The
   results also show that the token reward in the incentive mechanism has in
   fact a higher degree of influence than the trust and information protection
   mechanisms.  Originality/value: At present, no research on the internal
   mechanism of knowledge sharing in blockchain online communities has been
   carried out.  This article plays a complementary role in research in this
   field, and offers significant guidance for promoting online community
   knowledge management and online community development.  © 2023, Emerald
   Publishing Limited.
DE blockchain; incentive mechanism; information protection mechanism; knowledge
   sharing; system dynamics model; trust mechanism

---

UT 107
AR [Anonymous], 2022, HELIYON, V8, DOI 10.1016/j.heliyon.2022.e09993
TI Analysis of informal waste management using system dynamic modelling
TC 42
SO HELIYON
PY 2022
AB The informal sector is the backbone for sustainable waste management in a
   high population density country such as India.  Moreover, the operations of
   the value chain of informal waste management provide direct or indirect
   benefits for the environment and human resource development.  Unfortunately
   this sector has always been regarded as a fraudulent activity that sustains
   without paying taxes, creates unjust competition, and weakens unions and the
   regulatory structure of the government.  These perceptions often lead India
   to pursue a policy that intentionally or inadvertently amounts to
   retributive measures.  However, the alarming increase in the rate of waste
   generation has coerced the governments of several countries to incorporate
   the indispensable informal sector in their policy initiatives.  Accordingly,
   this paper presents a pioneering system dynamics based model (using STELLA
   Architect software) to analyse the impact of the recent policies and
   decision strategies on the effectiveness of the informal waste management
   sector.  The paper explores the case of Delhi, India to illustrate the model
   and provides valuable insights into the urban waste management process.  The
   results of the model demonstrate that significant economic and environmental
   benefits can be realized by leveraging the natural strengths of the informal
   sector.  Further, it is shown that efficient implementation of policies
   related to informal waste management can reduce the recyclable waste in the
   landfills dumped by municipal corporations or otherwise to zero.  Also,
   waste recycling capacity can be increased from 39 percent to 100 percent by
   strengthening IRC (informal recycling coefficient, introduced in this paper)
   in a span of 30 years.  This increase will have positive impact on land
   usage, environment degradation and operation cost used in the formal waste
   collection.  © 2022 The Authors
DE circular economy; informal waste management; public policy; recycling; solid
   waste management; system dynamics

---

UT 108
AR Wang B, 2021, WATER, V13, DOI 10.3390/w13243534
TI Analysis and prediction of sustainable utilization of water resources in
   chengde city based on system dynamics model
AU Wang B; Tian Y/1; Li X/1; Li C/2
TC 7
SO WATER
PY 2021
AB In addition to the social economy and the rapid development of industry and
   agriculture, water demand is increasing and poses challenges in the over-
   exploitation of water resources.  This research establishes a model to
   assess the sustainable exploitation of water resources based on system
   dynamics theory and STELLA software, which solves the imbalanced allocation
   of industrial water, agricultural water and domestic water.  The model is
   composed of two parts: the water quantity system (including economy,
   population, water availability and water demand) and the water quality
   system (composed of the aquatic environment), which is suitable for Chengde
   City with a water resource shortage.  The proposed model is established by
   data of Chengde City from 2007 to 2016 and is verified by 2017 data.
   Furthermore, in order to compare the water quality and water utilization of
   Chengde City under different development scenarios up to 2025, the
   sensitivity analysis of each variable (e.g., population) is carried out in
   this model, and thereby the water resource utilization scenarios are
   acquired.  Specifically, four scenarios are designed and denoted: Scenario
   1: keeping the status quo unchanged, Scenario 2: slowing down economic
   development and devoting more energy to environmental protection, Scenario
   3: only focusing more on economic development and Scenario 4: aiming at
   steady and rapid economic growth and an eco-friendly environment.  The
   results shows that Scenarios 2 and 3 facilitate high-effective water
   resource utilization compared with the current development, Scenario 1.
   Scenario 4 fosters the balance of water resources supply– demand in the
   future and preserves the water quality.  This study provides an inspiring
   method for realizing the sustainable utilization and optimizing allocation
   of water resources in Chengde City.  © 2021 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI,
   Basel, Switzerland.
DE chengde city; sustainable utilization; system dynamics; water quantity and
   quality; water resources
ID chengde; china; hebei; agriculture; economic and social effects;
   environmental protection; industrial research; quality control; runoff;
   sensitivity analysis; sustainable development; system theory; chengde city;
   development scenarios; economic development; exploitation of water
   resources; sustainable utilization; water demand; water quantities; water
   resource utilization; water-water; waters resources; economic development;
   economic growth; exploitation; sensitivity analysis; water availability;
   water demand; water quality; water resource; water quality

---

UT 109
AR Liu J/1, 2020, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V27, P37260, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-019-06739-x
TI System dynamic analysis of construction waste recycling industry chain in
   China
AU Liu J/1; Teng Y; Wang D; Gong E
TC 58
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2020
AB With the acceleration of China’s urbanization process, construction
   activities have led to a substantial increase in construction waste.
   However, as China’s construction waste recycling rate is low, it is
   difficult to convert construction waste into valuable products for the
   sustainable development of waste resources.  The biggest reason for this is
   the construction waste industrial chain, which is imperfect and has many
   problems.  In this study, a simulation model is established using system
   dynamics software Vensim PLE. The analogue simulation shows that (1) China
   generates a large amount of construction waste every year.  If construction
   waste source reduction measures are implemented, it will inhibit 50% of the
   waste generated.  Upstream enterprises in the industry chain should actively
   develop waste reduction technology and improve waste reduction management;
   (2) marginal effect exists in the single waste reduction measure, but the
   government should implement more portfolio reduction measures to enhance the
   reduction effect, which is often three times that of the single policy; (3)
   the middle stream recycling enterprises in the industry chain cannot solely
   rely on government subsidies to reduce the cost of waste recycling.  It is
   necessary to create synergistic linkages with more responsible entities
   upstream and downstream of the industry chain, thus creating a new model in
   construction waste management.  (4) Government policies tend to drive the
   purchasing power of building material market.  The government should
   actively exert its subjective initiative, supervise and provide policies to
   help the downstream enterprises that supply recycled building materials in
   the industry chain, and change the rigid understanding of contractors and
   owners about recycled building materials.  The research conclusions can
   provide theoretical guidance for industry chain-related enterprises and
   government management departments in policy formulation, so that
   construction waste is sustainably developed.  © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH
   Germany, part of Springer Nature.
DE collaborative management; construction and demolition waste ( c and dw );
   industry chain; sustainable development; system dynamics
ID china; construction industry; construction materials; industrial waste;
   recycling; waste management; china; construction material; emission control;
   industrial waste; policy approach; recycling; sustainable development;
   urbanization; waste management; building industry; building material; china;
   industrial waste; recycling; waste management

---

UT 110
AR Liu K, 2024, J ASIAN ARCH BUILD ENG, V23, P712, DOI
   10.1080/13467581.2023.2223696
TI Efficiency of risk management for tunnel security of megaprojects
   construction in China based on system dynamics
AU Liu K; Liu Y/10; Kou Y; Yang X; Hu G
TC 7
SO J ASIAN ARCH BUILD ENG
PY 2024
AB There have been repeated security incidents in megaproject tunnels,
   construction security issues are particularly serious, and the management of
   security risks is receiving increasing attention.  This study was conducted
   to improve the efficiency of tunnel security risk management, the security
   risk management process was adopted as an entry point, based on the Observe-
   Orient-Decision-Action (OODA) model, the influencing factors index system
   for the efficiency of security risk management in megaproject tunnels from
   four dimensions: observe, orient, decision and action.  The AHP-EWM method
   is applied to assign index weights to model the system dynamics of security
   risk management efficiency.  The Vensim software was used to simulate and
   analyse the effect of different indices on the efficiency of security risk
   management under different conditions, which provides a reference for
   improving the efficiency of security risk management.  The results of the
   study show that building a comprehensive and uninterrupted risk information
   awareness network, real-time adaptation of risk control strategies based on
   the complexity of risks, and shortening risk management delays can
   effectively increase the efficiency of dynamic security risk management.
   This provides a theoretical and practical reference for effectively
   improving the efficiency of risk management for tunnel security in
   megaproject construction.  © 2023 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK
   Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group on behalf of the Architectural
   Institute of Japan, Architectural Institute of Korea and Architectural
   Society of China.
DE ahp-ewm; management efficiency; megaprojects; system dynamics; tunnel
   security risk
ID decision making; efficiency; hierarchical systems; information management;
   system theory; tunnels; ahp-ewm; management efficiency; mega projects;
   megaprojects; risks management; security incident; security risk
   managements; security risks; system dynamics; tunnel security risk; risk
   management

---

UT 111
AR Hrischev R, 2024, AIP CONF PROC, V2980, DOI 10.1063/5.0184204
TI Dynamical Modeling with Vensim PLE of the Process of Data Collection in the
   ERP Systems
AU Hrischev R
TC 0
SO AIP CONF PROC
PY 2024
AB System dynamics is an effective approach to the investigation of processes
   in complex systems in various scientific and applied systems.  Typical
   example of such is the Enterprise Resources Planning (ERP) systems, which
   are already a major factor in effective and sustainable management in
   business and public sector.  The new technologies IoT, Big Data, Cloud
   Computing has led to a structural change in data collection processes.  This
   article presents a study of the process of data collection in modern control
   systems with the specialized tool of system dynamic modeling Vensim PLE. A
   model of the data collection process and the results of the model simulation
   are presented.  © 2024 American Institute of Physics Inc.. All rights
   reserved.

---

UT 112
AR Fu X, 2024, BUILD, V14, DOI 10.3390/buildings14051488
TI Risk Analysis and Simulation of Large Bridge Construction Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Fu X; Yang M; Liu H/2; Wang L/1; Li Q
TC 6
SO BUILD
PY 2024
AB To reduce risk incidents in large bridge construction, it is necessary to
   study the interaction mechanisms and dynamic changes among various risk
   factors during the construction of large bridges.  First, the evolution
   mechanism of construction risks for large bridges is analyzed, and a risk
   factor structure system is established.  Then, based on system dynamics
   theory, a causal loop diagram and flow–stock diagram are constructed, and
   system dynamics equations for each variable in the flow diagram are
   established to build a system dynamics model.  Finally, taking a large
   bridge construction project as an example, the variable equations are
   assigned actual values, and the construction risk level is simulated and
   analyzed.  The results show that, ➀ continuous investment in safety funds
   can effectively reduce the overall risk level of the system, ➁ changes in
   the management risk subsystem have a significant impact on the overall risk
   level of large bridge construction, and ➂ increasing the safety investment
   ratio in both the personnel risk subsystem and the management risk subsystem
   can effectively reduce the total risk level of the system.  © 2024 by the
   authors.
DE bridge engineering; construction; safety investment; system dynamics; vensim
ID bridges; human resource management; investments; risk assessment; safety
   engineering; system theory; bridge constructions; bridge engineering;
   construction risks; large bridges; overall risk level; risk factors; risk
   levels; safety investments; system dynamics; vensim; risk analysis

---

UT 113
AR Maleki R, 2023, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V40, P573, DOI 10.1002/sres.2848
TI Application of community-based system dynamics for the management of rural
   households' vulnerability to the drying of Urmia Lake
AU Maleki R; Nooripoor M; Sharifi Z; Petrescu DC
TC 2
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2023
AB The drying of Urmia Lake, the largest inland lake in Iran, is one of the
   greatest ecological disasters in Iran, and it was repeatedly included on the
   agenda of national and international conventions.  The aim of the current
   study was to apply the system dynamics methodology to analyse rural
   households' vulnerability to the Urmia Lake drying.  The result of the first
   phase (strategy collection) indicated that five strategies were proposed by
   stakeholders: ‘To reduce the population of the region’, ‘To reduce the crop
   area and agricultural activities’, ‘To modify the cultivation pattern and
   growing crops with low water needs’, ‘To use new irrigation systems’ and ‘To
   create alternative agricultural livelihoods with less dependence on damaged
   resources’. The second phase used Vensim software and indicated that the
   best strategy to reduce households' vulnerability to the drying of Urmia
   Lake was ‘To create alternative agricultural livelihoods with less
   dependence on damaged resources’. © 2022John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE alternative livelihoods; causal loop diagrams; cultivation pattern;
   modeling; vensim
ID crops; drying; lakes; rural areas; system theory; current; alternative
   livelihoods; causal loop diagrams; community-based; cultivation pattern;
   inland lakes; international conventions; modeling; rural households; vensim;
   cultivation

---

UT 114
AR Song S/1, 2023, ENERGY PROC, V33, DOI 10.46855/energy-proceedings-10538
TI Research on Incentive Measures of CCUS Power Plant under Evolutionary Game
   Theory
AU Song S/1; Song S; Guo J/1
TC 0
SO ENERGY PROC
PY 2023
AB As the power and heating industry is the sector with the largest incremental
   CO2 emissions globally, CCUS retrofitting by power companies is important to
   achieve the national carbon dioxide emission reduction macro policy.  With
   the aim of exploring the interaction and choice of strategy between
   government, public and coal plants and to further explore the influence of
   incentives on coal plant behaviour so as to realize investment in CCUS
   retrofitting by coal plants, in this paper, we take the government, the
   public, and coal plants as three stakeholders, constructs the game model,
   construct the payoff matrix based on evolutionary game theory, calculate the
   replicator dynamics equations of each stakeholders, and the evolutionary
   stabilization strategy of the system is analyzed.  In addition, this paper
   establishes the SD simulation model according to the concept of system
   dynamics, simulates the behavior evolution path of three stakeholders using
   Vensim software, and conducts sensitivity analyses on incentive policies and
   key parameters.  The results show that: (1) There exists a stabilization
   strategy in the evolutionary game model, i.e., both the government and the
   public choose not to regulate and coal plants choose to invest in CCUS; (2)
   For China's current domestic context in which only a carbon trading market
   exists, China has a significant advantage in the imposition of a carbon tax,
   which has a great motivator for coal plants to choose to invest in CCUS; (3)
   In terms of energy policy, the government can motivate coal plants to invest
   early in CCUS retrofits in order to implement carbon dioxide emission
   reduction technologies by increasing tariff subsidies for clean electricity;
   (4) By increasing penalties, the government can also motivate coal plants to
   invest in CCUS retrofits to promote the deploy CCUS. © 2023, Scanditale AB.
   All rights reserved.
DE ccus; coal plants; evolutionary game; system dynamics

---

UT 115
AR Li Y/6, 2021, PROC - INT CONF POWER SYST TECHNOL CARBON NEUTRALITY TYPE
   POWER SYST POWERCON, P523, DOI 10.1109/POWERCON53785.2021.9697649
TI Research on the Influencing Factors and Their Mechanisation of Power Grid
   Reliability
AU Li Y/6; Zhang J/5; Chen W; Cai Q; Lin C/1; Xiang K
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF POWER SYST TECHNOL CARBON NEUTRALITY TYPE POWER SYST
   POWERCON
PY 2021
AB Reliability is an important indicator for evaluating the level of power
   grids.  This paper aims to study the factors that affect the reliability of
   the power grid.  This paper proposes a simplified reliability evaluation
   index based on the capacity-to-load ratio.  Then, a power grid reliability
   model based on system dynamics is established, and a causal cycle diagram
   and a system stack flow chart are given.  After that, this paper uses VENSIM
   to simulate a given model in different situations.  Finally, the
   relationship between reliability index and demand response resource
   penetration rate, reliability index and transmission and distribution price
   is given.  At the end of this article, some suggestions are made to the
   government on DSM and price incentives.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE dr resources; grid reliability; system dynamic; transmission and
   distribution price
ID electric power transmission networks; machinery; dr resource; evaluation
   index; grid reliability; mechanization; power grids; reliability evaluation;
   reliability index; system dynamics; transmission and distribution;
   transmission and distribution price; reliability

---

UT 116
AR Crookes DJ, 2024, AFR J ECON MANAG SCI, V27, P1, DOI
   10.4102/sajems.v27i1.5069
TI A dynamic, stochastic, Bayesian, provincial input–output model for the South
   African economy
AU Crookes DJ
TC 0
SO AFR J ECON MANAG SCI
PY 2024
AB Background: The green economy has long been important in public discourses,
   as has been the forecasting of macroeconomic phenomena.  Aim: The purpose
   with this study was to construct a regional input–output model for the South
   African economy.  Setting: The model is a coupled input–output/system
   dynamics model.  It is dynamic in the sense that sector growth follows the
   ‘limits to growth’ hypothesis.  The model is used to explore the impact on
   the green economy, and also on poverty indices.  Method: It was constructed
   using Vensim®, a system dynamics modelling package.  Bayesian methods were
   utilised to estimate realistic values for the multipliers.  Type I
   multipliers for output, income, employment and gross value added (GVA) are
   estimated.  The model was then ‘tested’ by forecasting various resource
   sectors’ GVA (i.e.  agriculture, mining, water, electricity). Results: The
   model fits the historical data well, replicating provincial GVA as well as
   national GVA to an acceptable standard.  The multipliers fell within
   appropriate ranges, and followed a priori expectations.  Conclusion: The
   model provides ‘highly accurate’ forecasts of various macroeconomic
   parameters, including the resources sectors.  The impact of different
   multipliers in the three resources sectors on various poverty indices in
   South Africa was also assessed.  Contribution: The model has great potential
   for further use in the agricultural, energy and resource sectors, but also
   has wider application since it provides a means for generating an input–
   output table for any specific year based on the forecasting of input –
   output elements.  © 2024. The Author.  Licensee: AOSIS. This work is
   licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License.
DE forecast accuracy; input output; limits to growth; multipliers; poverty
   indicators; resources; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 117
AR Timbiano Feraud TE, 2025, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1331 LNNS, P303, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-87065-1_28
TI Carbon Footprint Estimation at the Salesian Continuous Training Center - San
   Bartolo Using System Dynamics
AU Timbiano Feraud TE; Mollocana Lara JG; Calderón Coba PJ; Álvarez Mendoza CI
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2025
AB The Carbon Footprint measures greenhouse gas emissions, which are harmful to
   the environment and contribute to climate change, and is a solution to
   evaluate the production of GHGs, thus implementing mitigation actions to
   counteract their environmental impacts.  This study focused on evaluating
   GHG emissions mitigation strategies at the Salesian Center for Continuing
   Education in San Bartolo.  Data, obtained through interviews and utility
   bills, covered electricity, water and fuel consumption, as well as paper,
   plastic and organic waste.  A system dynamics model was applied to identify
   the major contributors to greenhouse gas emissions, using Vensim PLE
   software, and the carbon footprint was simulated for one year.  The results
   revealed annual emissions of 88.28 tons of CO2 equivalent, mainly from solid
   waste production (73.92 tons). A mitigation scenario was simulated
   representing the use of LED lighting, flow control pumps, waste sorting
   containers, and the adoption of clean energy for transportation.  The
   results suggest a potential reduction of 27.78 tons of CO2 equivalent,
   representing a significant decrease in greenhouse gases.  © The Author(s)
   2025.
DE carbon footprint; modeling; system dynamics
ID carbon emissions; effluents; greenhouse gas emissions; kyoto protocol; low
   emission; particulate emissions; solid wastes; waste utilization; continuing
   education; emissions mitigation; ghg emission; ghgs emissions; greenhouse
   gas emissions; mitigation strategy; modeling; system dynamics; training
   centers; utility bills; carbon footprint

---

UT 118
AR Guo J/2, 2021, ADV CIV ENG, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/6672038
TI Study of a System Dynamics Model of Wuhan Commodity Housing Price
AU Guo J/2; Wang J/7; Liu D; Qiao S; Wu H
TC 1
SO ADV CIV ENG
PY 2021
AB Commodity housing is the most important product in the development of modern
   civil engineering, and it is also the frontier problem of modern engineering
   project management research.  The progress of civil engineering in China can
   be seen to a great extent through the development of commercial housing.  In
   order to solve the severe problem of rapid growth of commodity housing price
   in China, considering the advantages of system dynamics theory, a system
   dynamics model of commodity housing price is constructed.  Eight subsystems,
   namely, housing demand, housing supply, housing price, urban population,
   urban economy, housing land, housing tenancy, and macro-control, are
   studied.  Taking the relevant data of Wuhan as an example, the Vensim DSS is
   used for simulations.  In addition, a validity test and sensitivity test are
   used to verify the validity and feasibility of the model, respectively.
   Based on the model, it is successfully predicted that the price of
   commercial housing in Wuhan will reach 18,207.9 yuan/m2 in 2030, which
   provides a more systematic method of prediction for synthesis simulation of
   commercial housing markets.  From the perspective of the developer loan
   interest rate, real estate tax rate, purchase restriction, and other
   policies, we show that the developer loan interest rate regulation policy
   has the strongest effect on guiding the change in commercial housing prices
   in Wuhan.  Generally, this study provides insight into the responses that
   the national government could use to control housing prices.  © 2021 Jingyi
   Guo et al.

---

UT 119
AR Kukartseva OI, 2020, J PHYS CONF SER, V1679, DOI
   10.1088/1742-6596/1679/3/032064
TI Simulation and dynamic model of the control process of the lighting system
   of industrial premises of large areas
AU Kukartseva OI; Tynchenko VS; Antamoshkina OI; Markevich EA; Pilipenko AE;
   Leonteva AA
TC 0
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2020
AB The article presents a simulation-dynamic model of the control process of
   the lighting system of industrial premises of large areas.  The model is
   based on the system dynamics method, which is widely used in many areas.
   The presented model of the lighting system includes three levels, two
   streams, and other variables that are used in the process of its operation.
   The input interface allows you to enter data into the model using the
   PowerSim Studio program.  This work consists of several elements: the model
   itself and three graphs that show the results of three experiments with
   different input data.  The results are presented in a table with output
   data, which is reflected in the program in the output interface and
   indicates that with a large number of lamps and with the highest values of
   possible breakdowns, the number of lamps that will stop burning increases.
   The model is designed for operational management of the system and ensuring
   appropriate lighting of premises, as well as maintaining inventory and the
   desired quality of lighting of production premises of large areas.  ©
   Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID dynamic models; dynamics; lighting; lighting fixtures; control process;
   input datas; input interface; lighting systems; operational management;
   output data; output interface; system dynamics; process control

---

UT 120
AR Guo H/2, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-26325-1
TI Analysis and measurement of multi-factor coupling risk in underground coal
   mine gas explosion based on system dynamics
AU Guo H/2; Chen Y/6; Cheng L/1; Li S/4
TC 1
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB To investigate the evolutionary mechanism of coal mine gas explosion, and to
   improve the level of system safety.  In this paper, a multi-factor coupled
   risk deduction model for coal mine gas explosion is constructed by using the
   system dynamics method.  The two subsystems of ‘human factors’ and ‘material
   factors’ are simulated by using Vensim software.  To obtain the evolutionary
   trend of system gas explosion risk and the risk change trend of index
   variables.  The risk level of coal mine gas explosion is predicted by
   adjusting the parameters of the index variables, and the influence of
   various coupled factors on the development trend of the risk level is
   analyzed.  Through the application of the model, the results reveal that the
   model has certain applicability and feasibility.  The risk values of system
   variables have a certain degree of hysteresis and cumulativeness in their
   impact on other variables and the system risk level, and the ‘emergence’ and
   ‘mutation’ phenomena of accident evolution.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE cloud model; coupling risk; deduction model; evolutionary mechanism; gas
   explosion; system dynamics
ID article; coal mining; dynamics; explosion; explosion risk; gas; human;
   hysteresis; nonhuman; simulation; software

---

UT 121
AR Gallego-García S, 2021, APPL SCI, V11, P1, DOI 10.3390/app11010233
TI Predictive sales and operations planning based on a statistical treatment of
   demand to increase efficiency: A supply chain simulation case study
AU Gallego-García S; García-García M
TC 16
SO APPL SCI
PY 2021
AB Forecasting is the basis for planning.  Good planning is based on a good
   prediction of what is going to happen to prepare a company, a department,
   and their environments for certain future developments and their
   intermediate states.  In this context, resources are allocated to these
   future states in the most efficient way, given a certain set of resource
   conditions.  Although market volatility demands the high adaptability of
   companies’ operations, dynamic planning is still not widespread.  As a
   result, the alignment of planning processes with potential scenarios is not
   given, leading to a lack of solution preparation in the long term,
   suboptimal decision-making in the medium term, and corrective measures in
   the short term, with higher costs and a lower service level.  Therefore, the
   aim of this research is to propose a predictive approach that will help
   managers develop sales and operations planning (S&OP) with higher accuracy
   and stability.  For this purpose, a methodology combining demand scenarios,
   statistical analysis of the demand, forecasting techniques, random number
   generation, and system dynamics was developed.  The goal of this predictive
   S&OP is to predict the supply chain system’s behavior to generate plans that
   prevent potential inefficiencies, thereby avoiding corrective measures.  In
   addition, to assess the methodology, the model is applied in the software
   Vensim, for an automotive producer´s supply chain, to compare the predictive
   S&OP model with a classical approach.  The results show that the proposed
   predictive approach can increase a manufacturer’s efficiency by increasing
   its adaptability through the identification of potential inefficiencies and
   can also be used to prepare solutions.  © 2020 by the authors.  Licensee
   MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE manufacturing; predictive model; sales and operations planning; scenario
   management; supply chain management; system dynamics

---

UT 122
AR Şenaras AE, 2021, HANDB RES DECI SCI APPL TRANSP SECT, P147, DOI
   10.4018/978-1-7998-8040-0.ch006
TI System dynamics for modelling subway passenger flow in the transportation
   sector
AU Şenaras AE; Şenaras OM
TC 0
SO HANDB RES DECI SCI APPL TRANSP SECT
PY 2021
AB Thank to developed SD model, decision makers can create appropriate policy.
   The importance of passenger numbers in compartments increased due to
   COVID-19, and managers didn't want to increase passengers in compartments
   too much.  In this study, a model will be developed in Vensim package
   program.  The model will be developed for analyzing passenger flows.
   Different scenarios can be tested thanks to developed system dynamics model.
   Subway passenger flow was analyzed via system dynamics.  The SD model was
   developed in Vensim PLE package program.  Passenger flow was defined as
   rate, and stations are defined as stock.  Managers would change timing
   according to time, and effects of these changes can be observed via the
   model.  © 2021, IGI Global.

---

UT 123
AR Chen F, 2022, INT J TECHNOL POLIC MANAG, V22, P3, DOI
   10.1504/IJTPM.2022.122532
TI Using the system dynamics model on sustainable safety development of civil
   aviation
AU Chen F; Xu B; Fan D
TC 2
SO INT J TECHNOL POLIC MANAG
PY 2022
AB With the rapid expansion of flight services, civil aviation airports and air
   traffic controllers have long been operating at full load; the support
   capability cannot meet the actual development needs, which is placing
   increasing the pressure on safety considerations.  Hence, in-depth studies
   on the dynamic relationships among support capability, safety and
   development and the timely adjustment of policies are imperative.  A ‘growth
   and underinvestment’ model is used to construct a dynamic model of civil
   aviation sustainable safety development.  Through the use of VENSIM software
   as a modelling tool and Tianjin as an example for simulation, the policy
   scenario for realising the sustainable safety development of civil aviation
   in this region is designed.  Based on the simulation results, policy
   suggestions for the sustainable safety development of this region are
   proposed.  It is also proven that the model can be applied to other fields.
   Copyright © 2022 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
DE air traffic control; causal analysis; china; civil aviation; model
   application; policy simulation; safety; support capability; sustainable
   development; system dynamics
ID air navigation; civil aviation; computer software; safety engineering;
   system theory; air traffic control; air traffics; causal analysis; china;
   model application; policy simulation; safety development; support
   capability; sustainable development; system dynamics modeling; air traffic
   control

---

UT 124
AR Daneshgar S, 2022, J ENERGY STORAGE, V46, DOI 10.1016/j.est.2021.103919
TI Investigating the hydropower plants production and profitability using
   system dynamics approach
AU Daneshgar S; Zahedi R
TC 45
SO J ENERGY STORAGE
PY 2022
AB World's electricity industry is looking for ways to improve production,
   distribution, and electricity transmission in recent years.  To achieve
   comprehensive economic and social development, it is necessary to move
   toward sustainable energies.  Among the types of renewable energy,
   hydropower has received more attention due to its ability to convert
   directly into electricity, its possibility of storage and its endlessness.
   Despite uncertainties in market prices, the amount of water entering dams,
   the behavior of actors, access to information, and thus increasing risk,
   planning, and decision-making for hydropower producers to make maximum
   profit in the electricity market has become more complex.  In this
   situation, adopting a correct decision-making method for the optimal
   operation of power plants is always one of the main concerns.  In this
   research, a dynamic production-profitability model has been developed to
   model the operation of a hydro reservoir system and the producer
   profitability process, which has been investigated using STELLA software in
   an object-oriented simulation environment with a system dynamics approach.
   The required information has been used as a monthly time series in
   2010–2020, and forecasts have been made for 24 months.  This study was
   conducted to study the profitability of hydropower plants using the
   information of Karun 1 Dam in the catchment area of Karun river.  In this
   study, the uncertainty of water inlet flow status and electricity price for
   this producer has been predicted by the Gómes model and entered into the
   model.  Water release methods and acceptable costs are considered separate
   scenarios.  The results showed that the scenario of discharging 15% of the
   dam has the most profit with 3047 $/MW for 24th month.  © 2021 Elsevier Ltd
DE hydropower plants; monte carlo methods; production model; profitability
   model
ID catchments; computer software; decision making; electric industry;
   hydroelectric power plants; monte carlo methods; object oriented
   programming; power markets; profitability; reservoirs ( water ); system
   theory; electricity industry; hydropower plants; montecarlo methods; plant
   production; plant profitability; production and profitabilities; production
   models; profitability model; system dynamics approach; uncertainty;
   hydroelectric power

---

UT 125
AR Liu M/3, 2025, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V32, P621, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-03-2023-0304
TI Cost estimation model of prefabricated construction for general contractors
   based on system dynamics
AU Liu M/3; Luo M/1
TC 8
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2025
AB Purpose: The poor capacity of prefabricated construction cost estimation is
   the essential reason for the low profitability of the general contractor.
   Therefore, this study aims to focus on the cost estimation of prefabricated
   construction as the research object.  This research aims to enhance the
   accuracy of total project cost estimation for general contractors,
   ultimately leading to improved profitability.  Design/methodology/approach:
   This study used Vensim PLE software to establish a system dynamics model.
   In the modeling process, a systematic research review was used to identify
   cost-influencing factors; ABC classification and the analytic hierarchy
   process were used to score and determine the weights of influencing factors.
   Findings: The total cost error obtained by the model is less than 2%
   compared with the actual value.  It can be used to cost estimation and
   analysis.  The analysis results indicate that there are 7 key factors, among
   which the prefabrication rate has the most significant impact.  Furthermore,
   the model can provide the extreme range cost; the minimum cost can reduce by
   13% from the value in the case.  The factor's value can compose a cost
   control strategy for general contractors.  Practical implications: The cost
   of prefabricated buildings can be estimated well, and deciding the
   prefabrication rate is crucial.  The cost can be declined by correct cost
   control strategies when bidding and subcontracting are in process.  The
   strategies can follow the direction of the model.  Originality/value: A
   systemic, quantitative and qualitative analysis of cost estimation of
   prefabricated buildings for general contractors has been conducted.  A
   mathematical model has been developed and validated to facilitate more
   effective cost-control measures.  © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE cost estimation; general contractor; prefabricated construction; system
   dynamics
ID contractors; cost benefit analysis; cost estimating; profitability; system
   theory; construction costs; control strategies; cost controls; cost
   estimation models; cost estimations; design/methodology/approach; general
   contractors; project cost estimation; research object; system dynamics; cost
   effectiveness

---

UT 126
AR Xiao L/1, 2022, SHENGTAI XUEBAO, V42, P5642, DOI 10.5846/STXB202107141894
TI Simulation on recreation carrying capacity of Sanjiangyuan National Park;
   [三江源国家公园游憩承载力模拟仿真研究]
AU Xiao L/1; Zhu D; Yu H/2
TC 2
SO SHENGTAI XUEBAO
PY 2022
AB Recreation carrying capacity estimation and predication is an important tool
   for recreation planning and dynamic management of national park.  This paper
   establishes a system dynamics model for Sanjiangyuan National Park
   recreation carrying capacity based on the system dynamics simulation
   software Vensim_PLE, which includes four subsystems, namely resource space,
   ecological environment, socio-economic, and social-psychological system.
   Using 2015-2035 as the time interval, this paper sets four scenarios for
   simulation to estimate trend of each subsystem, providing a reference for
   the recreation planning and management of Sanjiangyuan National Park.  The
   four scenarios include original scenario, the social,driven scenario, the
   ecological protection priority scenario, and the coordinated development
   scenario.  Results show: (1) Under the current original scenario, the
   recreation carrying capacity shows a trend of increasing initially and
   deceasing afterwards.  However, it may face the risk of surpassing the
   recreation carrying capacity in 2031. Under the social-driven scenario of
   increasing investment in recreational facilities, the recreation carrying
   capacity has improved, but the effect of improvement after 2031 will be
   weak.  (2) Under the ecological protection priority scenario, through the
   improvement of capacity of pollution prevention and control of tourist
   scale, the recreation carrying capacity has been improved, and the risk of
   overloading the recreation carrying capacity has been postponed from 2031 to
   2033. (3) Under the coordinated development scenario, the ecological
   environment carrying capacity and the resource space carrying capacity
   increase slowly, with the highest value among the four scenarios, and the
   recreation carrying capacity reaches the maximum value.  The risk of
   overloading the recreation carrying capacity extended from 2031 to after
   2035. The simulation and prediction of recreation carrying capacity of
   national park provides a scientific reference for reasonable and timely
   control, which is conducive to ecological protection and improvement of
   recreational quality in Sanjiangyuan National Park.  © 2022 Science Press.
   All rights reserved.
DE recreation carrying capacity; sanjiangyuan national park; simulation; system
   dynamics model
ID china; qinghai; sanjiangyuan; carrying capacity; environmental protection;
   national park; park management; recreational activity; simulation;
   spatiotemporal analysis

---

UT 127
AR Abdallah KS, 2022, INT J IND ENG THEORY APPL PR, V29, P562, DOI
   10.23055/ijietap.2022.29.4.8115
TI A SYSTEM DYNAMICS MODEL ASSESSING THE SUSTAINABILITY OF THE PERFORMANCE OF
   SUPPLY CHAINS WITH REVERSE FLOW
AU Abdallah KS; El-Beheiry MM
TC 5
SO INT J IND ENG THEORY APPL PR
PY 2022
AB Sustainability in supply chains is more important than ever.  In this paper,
   we consider a supply chain with a reverse flow where customers can return or
   replace products that flow backward to upstream members.  The returned
   products re-enter the forward flow after different adjustments.  We focus on
   measuring how the different operational parameters affect the sustainability
   of the supply chain and whether their interaction may affect the
   sustainability measures or not.  The sustainability dimensions considered
   here are the social and environmental dimensions.  A system dynamics model
   is developed for a supply chain with reverse flow.  The proposed model
   measures the social dimension in terms of customer satisfaction and the
   environmental dimension in terms of the green image factor.  We run the
   model for different parameters, and a factorial analysis is conducted on the
   results to show their main effect and their interaction effect on the
   measures under study.  The results show how each of the main factors affects
   the sustainability of the supply chain; and how the interactions between the
   different factors can improve the already conflicting nature between the
   environmental and social performance measures.  © INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF
   INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING.
DE factorial analysis; reverse supply chain; sustainable supply chain; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID customer satisfaction; sustainable development; system theory; factorial
   analysis; operational parameters; performance; reverse flow; reverse supply
   chains; sustainability dimensions; sustainable supply chains; system
   dynamics; system dynamics modeling; vensim; supply chains

---

UT 128
AR [Anonymous], 2021, STUD THEORY APPL, V44, P115, DOI
   10.16353/j.cnki.1000-7490.2021.03.016
TI Dynamic Evolution Analysis of Government Short Video Network Public Opinion
   Based on SD Model; [基于系统动力学模型的政务短视频网络舆情动力演化分析]
TC 4
SO STUD THEORY APPL
PY 2021
AB [Purpose/significance] With the advent of 5 G era, information dissemination
   of short videos has become an important tool to guide netizens' public
   opinions.  How to use short videos of government affairs to guide and
   control online public opinions has become a new challenge for the
   government.  [Method/process] Short video network public opinion can be
   divided into public opinion events, Internet users and government affairs
   short video three subsystems, by using Vensim PLE software, construction of
   government affairs short video network public opinion multi-agent simulation
   model, combined with the specific case " bounce" Hei- Longjiang outbreak
   simulation subsystem in the interaction relationship between various
   influencing factors, to explore the dynamic mechanism of public opinion in
   its short video network transmission.  [Result/conclusion] The results show
   that the public opinion of short video network of government affairs is
   influenced by public opinion events, netizens, subsystem of short video of
   government affairs and related factors.  Therefore, the government short
   video can effectively deal with and guide the risk exhibition of network
   public opinion by controlling the relevant factors of the three subsystems.
   © 2021 Information studies: Theory and Application.  All rights reserved.
DE dissemination mechanism; evolution analysis; government short video; online
   public opinion; system dynamics

---

UT 129
AR Khan S/2, 2022, MATER TODAY PROC, V69, P413, DOI 10.1016/j.matpr.2022.09.069
TI Optimization of Industrial Operations to Control Air Pollution using System
   Dynamics
AU Khan S/2; Hassan Q
TC 3
SO MATER TODAY PROC
PY 2022
AB Industrial sectors are the backbone of economic development.  For a
   developing country like India, boosting industrial activities is very
   crucial for overall growth of the country.  But at the same time, balancing
   the environmental impact of industrial operations is bit of a challenge.
   Industrial sector is considered among the major sectors contributing to air
   pollution in urban areas.  Industrial operations lead to emission of
   different types of pollutants, mainly NOx and SO2. These pollutants have
   serious repercussion on the environment.  To address the issue, this paper
   focuses on identifying different variables which are connected to industrial
   operations and their inter-relationship with variables of air pollution
   representing a dynamic pattern of the whole system.  Further establishing a
   casual-loop model by connecting the feedback mechanisms through system
   dynamics (SD) modelling in vensim.  This paper also suggests different
   policy interventions applied to whole system to optimise industrial
   operations.  The future scope of this research is the conversion and
   simulation of this casual-loop model to stock-flow model and comparison of
   different policy intervention to obtain optimized results.  © 2022
DE air pollution; industrial emission; industrial sector; modeling; system
   dynamics
ID air pollution control; developing countries; economics; industrial
   emissions; system theory; casual loops; economic development; industrial
   activities; industrial operations; industrial sector; loop models; modeling;
   optimizations; policy intervention; system dynamics; air pollution

---

UT 130
AR Baqeri E, 2025, ENG, V26, DOI 10.1016/j.rineng.2025.105111
TI An hourly energy management strategy based on the development of a system
   dynamics model for microgrid systems
AU Baqeri E; Tahsiri A; Amraee T
TC 5
SO ENG
PY 2025
AB This study develops a System Dynamics based (SD-based) energy management
   strategy for microgrids to achieve precise hourly power balance by
   coordinating renewable resources, diesel generators, and battery storage.
   Addressing the volatility of renewable generation, the model exploits real-
   time adjustments in power generation and storage to match dynamic demand
   levels.  Simulations were run on three cases, including a practical case
   using data from an Iranian microgrid, to study the cost-effectiveness and
   flexibility of the proposed strategy.  The results demonstrate the
   capability of the model in following complicated power changes with
   sustained energy balance at reduced operating costs.  For Case III, under
   fast changes in demand, the strategy reached a total cost of 233.33 M.U
   (Monetary Unit). The use of a penalty-weighted strategy had the effect of
   reducing peak-hour error costs by 30 %, reflecting good cost management even
   during increased variability.  Utilizing the Vensim software, the S.D. model
   responds by shifting to diesel generation in periods of shortage and
   harvesting renewable energy in surplus periods, reflecting an optimal system
   of real-time control.  Additionally, the simulations also indicate that
   greater energy change magnitudes, especially abrupt changes, increase
   overall costs, which justifies the application of strategic control for
   high-variability scenarios.  In conclusion, this SD-based method offers a
   low-cost, dependable microgrid energy management solution that maximizes the
   utilization of renewables with a continuous energy supply.  The success in
   handling various demand profiles indicates the potential for scalability in
   other microgrid setups, thereby enhancing sustainable and resilient
   decentralized energy systems via flexible, data-driven control strategies.
   © 2025 The Authors
DE energy management strategy; microgrid; system dynamics; tracking reference
ID information management; power management ( telecommunication ); resource
   allocation; strategic planning; energy; energy management strategy; hourly
   energy management; management strategies; microgrid; microgrid systems;
   power balance; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; tracking
   reference; battery management systems

---

UT 131
AR Shi J/1, 2021, J PHYS CONF SER, V1986, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1986/1/012041
TI Recycling Mode and Remanufacturing Cost Analysis of Used Automobile Engine
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Shi J/1; Hu J; Jin Z; Ma Y/1; Ma M/2; Wang H/4; Ma Q
TC 1
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2021
AB From the three processes of recycling, remanufacturing and remanufacturing
   product sales, this paper analyses the characteristics of the automobile
   engine cost.  By using the theory of system dynamics method, it establishes
   system flow diagram of automobile engine recycling and remanufacturing cost
   under the methods of network recovery and 4S shop recovery, and constructs
   engine remanufacturing cost model.  Taking Shandong heavy-duty automobile
   diesel engine remanufacturing as an example, the model is simulated and
   analyzed with Vensim PLE software, and the change trend of engine recovery
   cost and profit from 2015 to 2035 is analyzed and predicted.  The sales
   revenue, cost and profit of remanufacturing under the two recovery methods
   are compared and analyzed.  Furthermore, the simulation results show that
   the different selections of engine recovery strategies have significant
   differences on the economic impact of engine remanufacturing, and the
   economic analysis can provide a reference for the development decision of
   engine remanufacturing.  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID cost benefit analysis; costs; economic analysis; profitability; recycling;
   system theory; economic impacts; network recoveries; paper analysis;
   recovery costs; recovery methods; recovery strategies; recycling mode;
   system dynamics; automobile engines

---

UT 132
AR Arshad Q, 2023, ENV ENG MANAG J, V22, P639, DOI 10.30638/eemj.2023.050
TI CONSERVING WATER: COST AND PRODUCTIVITY ANALYSIS OF RESPONSIVE DRIP AND
   CONVENTIONAL IRRIGATION
AU Arshad Q; Gabriel HF; Ahmad S; Dahri ZH; Shahid M; Ullah U; Ullah A
TC 3
SO ENV ENG MANAG J
PY 2023
AB In this study, the aim is to examine the United Nations-Sustainable
   Development Goals (UN-SDGs) and the impending climate change challenges in
   Pakistan.  The focus is on comparing different irrigation techniques in
   terms of their water savings, cost efficiency, and crop yields, in relation
   to the conventional flooding method (CFM). Specifically, the research
   considers the responsive drip irrigation system (RDI), subsurface drip
   irrigation (SDI), and raised-bed irrigation method (RSB). The data for this
   study relates to a 1-hectare tomato farm located in the Potohar plateau of
   Pakistan.  Joint interview sessions were conducted to gather integrated
   data, along with information from previous studies.  To analyze the cost-
   effectiveness of the irrigation techniques, the study utilizes system
   dynamics (SD) and employs "VENSIM PLE" software.  A single SD model was
   created to meet the requirements for cost-effectiveness analysis (CEA),
   simulating the implicated techniques over a period of 25 years.
   Additionally, an optimization scenario was developed using geometric mean
   maximization, aiming to maximize monetary benefits while maintaining
   environmental benefits in equilibrium.  The findings of this study indicate
   that the cost-effectiveness ratio (CER) for water-saving capacity is highest
   for RDI, which can save 0.135 million m3 of water over 25 years.
   Furthermore, RDI achieves a 78% higher crop yield compared to the CFM. On
   the other hand, SDI demonstrates the highest CER for crop yield, offering
   41.5% more benefits to farmers when compared to the CFM. © 2023 Gheorghe
   Asachi Technical University of Iasi, Romania.  All rights reserved.
DE cost analysis; drip; irrigation; productivity; system dynamics; water
   conservation

---

UT 133
AR Kumari B, 2021, LECT NOTES MECH ENG, P555, DOI 10.1007/978-981-15-8025-3_54
TI System Dynamics Approach for Adoption of Artificial Intelligence in Finance
AU Kumari B; Kaur J; Swami S
TC 15
SO LECT NOTES MECH ENG
PY 2021
AB Purpose—The purpose of this paper is to identify the challenges and enablers
   evolved in context to adoption of artificial intelligence specifically in
   finance sector and to analyse the effect of this disruptive technology on
   the financial performance and market capitalisation of the organisation.
   Design/Methodology/Approach—The study is exploratory and empirical in
   nature.  Factors of adoption were determined on the basis of literature.
   The researchers have constructed a causal loop diagram with the help of
   VENSIM software to show the feedback loops of various factors.  This paper
   also examines the determining factors that form the basis of adoption of
   artificial intelligence which directly contributes to increase in financial
   performance and market capitalisation of the organisation.  A system
   dynamics model is constructed for this purpose using Stella software.
   Findings—The results suggest that apart from various risks and challenges
   involved in adoption of artificial intelligence, it is imperative for all
   financial institutes or companies involved in financial tasks to adopt
   artificial intelligence to achieve competency in global competition.  The
   simulation of SD model clearly indicates that adoption of artificial
   intelligence in finance will help in further increase of financial
   performance and market capitalisation of organisation.
   Originality/Value—This paper contributes to the integration of emerging
   stage of technology, artificial intelligence and finance sector through
   systems dynamics model which provides holistic view to the problem.  There
   are some literatures available related with integration of artificial
   intelligence and finance, but they lack the bird’s-eye view on the scenario
   using SD model.  Presently, there are few such endeavours available in the
   literature.  © 2021, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE artificial intelligence; causal loop diagram; dynamic modeling; finance; jp
   morgan chase; systems dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; commerce; system theory; causal loop diagrams;
   disruptive technology; dynamics models; financial performance; in contexts;
   jp morgan chase; market capitalization; system dynamics; system dynamics
   approach; system dynamics modeling; finance

---

UT 134
AR Yu S, 2021, WATER ENV J, V35, P322, DOI 10.1111/wej.12629
TI Investment decision model of wastewater treatment public–private partnership
   projects based on value for money
AU Yu S; Dai T; Yu Y/1; Zhang J
TC 10
SO WATER ENV J
PY 2021
AB Most existing studies analyse the early decision-making processes of
   public–private partnership (PPP) projects from the perspective of the
   government or investors, as such decisions involve lengthy negotiations and
   are likely to lead to unfair results.  Hence, there is a need for fair and
   reasonable investment decision-making methods.  This study investigates the
   investment return system of PPP wastewater treatment projects.  The net
   present value of investment income is considered the investment decision
   indicator of social capital, while value for money (VFM) is the indicator of
   government decision-making.  Considering both yield and VFM, the system
   dynamics method and Vensim software are used to establish the investment
   decision model.  A case study validates the proposed model and predicts a
   reasonable range of unit prices and concession periods for wastewater
   treatment through government–enterprise cooperation, to improve the
   transparency and initial decision fairness of PPP sewage treatment projects.
   © 2020 CIWEM
DE investment decision; public-private partnership ( ppp ); system dynamics (
   sd ); value for money ( vfm ); wastewater treatment
ID indicator indicator; decision making; investments; reclamation; sewage
   treatment; concession periods; enterprise cooperations; government
   decisions; investment decision making; investment decisions; investment
   returns; net present value; private partnerships; decision making;
   investment incentive; project management; public-private partnership; sewage
   treatment; software; valuation; wastewater treatment; article; decision
   making; government; human; investment; money; public-private partnership;
   sewage treatment; social capital; software; waste water management;
   wastewater treatment

---

UT 135
AR Bafkar A, 2022, J AGRI SC TECH, V24, P707
TI Determination of Optimal Irrigation Water Supply Scenario for Karkheh Dam to
   Prevent Drainage Problems of Dashte Abbas Plain Using System Dynamics
   Approach
AU Bafkar A; Alizadeh H; Mozafari J
TC 1
SO J AGRI SC TECH
PY 2022
AB Dashte Abbas is one of the fertile plains of the Ilam Province situated in
   the southwest of Iran, where water resources are scarce, and often the
   quality of water is not suitable for agricultural uses.  To solve the
   problem of water scarcity, the Karkheh-Dashte Abbas inter-basin water
   transfer project started operation in 2008. The objective of this study was
   to investigate the effects of different agricultural water management
   scenarios on the environmental and economic conditions in the Dashte Abbas
   using the System Dynamics (SD) approach.  The conceptual model was
   considered based on five sub-models, including water demand, water supply,
   environmental stresses, environment, and water economics.  The evaluated
   water transfer scenarios were allocation of 160, 170, 180, 200 Million Cubic
   Meters (MCM) water transferred from the Karkheh Dam and 90, 80, 70, and 60
   MCM annual groundwater withdrawal from the aquifer, respectively.  The
   results showed that in all scenarios, water transfer increased groundwater
   level, decreased groundwater quality, reduced soil aeration and drainage,
   increased salinity of root zone and, consequently, reduced agricultural
   production in the plain.  The results of the SD model demonstrate that the
   need for drainage is reduced with increasing groundwater consumption.  The
   alternative cropping systems with higher water requirements, including
   forage crops and sugar beet, may be helpful to reduce drainage problems and
   to prevent construction of an underground drainage system.  The results also
   confirmed that with the implementation of the first water allocation
   scenario (allocation of annual 160 MCM surface water transfer and annual 90
   MCM of groundwater withdrawal) and cultivation of higher water requirement
   crops can reduce the rise in groundwater level and drainage problems.  In
   these conditions, the water table remains almost constant at a depth of 10
   meters.  © 2022, Tarbiat Modares University.  All rights reserved.
DE conceptual model; vensim software; water economics

---

UT 136
AR Gao J/2, 2026, CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC, V28, DOI 10.1007/s10098-026-03478-9
TI Paths for low-carbon transformation in heavily polluting manufacturing
   industries under heterogeneous environmental regulations
AU Gao J/2; Feng Q; Gao Y/2; Guan T
TC 0
SO CLEAN TECHNOL ENV POLIC
PY 2026
AB Under the constraints of the “dual-carbon” goals, the low-carbon transition
   of heavy-polluting manufacturing industries suffers from a lack of
   endogenous drive and path dependency, largely attributed to the “double
   externality” problem.  Departing from the conventional research paradigm
   that narrowly focuses on either environmental regulations or technological
   innovation, this paper develops an integrated analytical framework
   characterized by “external regulation-driven, internal willingness-led,
   innovative behavior implementation, and comprehensive benefit feedback.” By
   coupling four core subsystems, we construct a system dynamics (SD) model to
   examine the low-carbon transition.  Utilizing panel data from nine major
   heavy-polluting industries (2011–2019) and Vensim-based simulations, we
   identify three distinct transition pathways: policy-oriented, willingness-
   oriented, and behavior-oriented.  Furthermore, cluster analysis is employed
   to propose a “categorized governance” scheme that accommodates the
   heterogeneous features of these industries.  © The Author(s), under
   exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature
   2026.
DE cluster analysis; heavily polluting manufacturing industries; heterogeneous
   environmental regulation; low carbon transformation; system dynamics ( sd )
   model
ID behavioral research; carbon; economics; environmental regulations; system
   theory; behavior implementation; external regulations; heavily polluting
   manufacturing industry; heterogeneous environmental regulation; low carbon
   transformations; low carbon transitions; manufacturing industries; path
   dependency; system dynamics modeling; technological innovation; cluster
   analysis

---

UT 137
AR Zhu Z/1, 2023, PROC - INT CONF COMPUT NETW ELECTRON AUTOM ICCNEA, P301, DOI
   10.1109/ICCNEA60107.2023.00071
TI Construct and Analysis of Metal Cutting Tool Remanufacturing Service Model
AU Zhu Z/1; Cao Y/2; Fu L; Dong C
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF COMPUT NETW ELECTRON AUTOM ICCNEA
PY 2023
AB Manufacturing is the pillar industry of the national economy, and
   remanufacturing is an important direction for the manufacturing industry to
   move towards greening, but the current research lacks a macro analysis of
   the tool service model.  Given this problem, this paper first analyzes the
   current situation of metal cutting tool remanufacturing service mode.  Then,
   the cause and effect analysis of the remanufacturing service model was
   carried out through Vensim PLE software.  Finally, based on the above
   analysis, the remanufacturing service model is qualitatively analyzed and
   improvement strategies are proposed, which can promote the sustainable
   development of the tool remanufacturing market and increase the
   corresponding service revenue.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE qualitative analysis; remanufacturing; system dynamics
ID cutting tools; industrial economics; industrial research; metal analysis;
   current; current situation; manufacturing industries; manufacturing is;
   metal cutting tools; national economy; qualitative analysis;
   remanufacturing; service modeling; system dynamics; metal cutting

---

UT 138
AR Gao Y/1, 2020, PROC - YOUTH ACAD ANNU CONF CHIN ASSOC AUTOM YAC, P541, DOI
   10.1109/YAC51587.2020.9337504
TI On the cooperation mechanism of elderly service system with different level
   and cross-chain
AU Gao Y/1; Zhou S/1
TC 2
SO PROC - YOUTH ACAD ANNU CONF CHIN ASSOC AUTOM YAC
PY 2020
AB This paper studies the resource coordination mechanism of cluster community
   elderly service systems.  Considering the diversity of elderly service
   resources, the third-party institutions is used to integrate the service
   resources.  The non peer two-way cross chain resource coordination mechanism
   is proposed, and the model of the clustered elderly system is built based on
   the method of system dynamics.  Three evaluation indexes of bullwhip effect,
   total resource level and service satisfaction are selected to simulate and
   analyze the model by using the Vensim software.  The results show that the
   resource coordination model can effectively realize the resource
   complementation.  Compared with the single chain mechnisim, the mechinisim
   we proposed significantly reduces the total resource level of a single
   supply chain, effectively improves service satisfaction, and greatly weakens
   the bullwhip effect.  © 2020 IEEE.
DE cluster elderly service system; cross-chain collaboration; system dynamics;
   third-party logistics
ID bullwhip effects; cooperation mechanism; evaluation index; resource
   coordinations; service resources; service satisfaction; single supplies;
   vensim softwares; supply chains

---

UT 139
AR [Anonymous], 2024, J PRESIPITASI, V21, P907, DOI
   10.14710/presipitasi.v21i3.907-916
TI Unveiling the Dynamic Between Land Conversion and Food Security of Farmers
   Households in Bakalan Village, Pasuruan Regency
TC 0
SO J PRESIPITASI
PY 2024
AB System Dynamics serves as an approach to unravel behavioral patterns by
   exploring fundamental structures.  In this study, the dynamic system was
   crafted using STELLA software.  The research methodology involved conducting
   primary surveys with both farmers and conversion farmers' households to
   gather essential data on their perspectives, practices, and circumstances
   related to land conversion and food security.  Through this data, the System
   Dynamic model was constructed to depict the interplay among key variables
   impacting food security, specifically focusing on Food Availability,
   Affordability, and Needs.  The analysis revealed that the Food Affordability
   indicator consistently played a pivotal role in shaping these trends over
   the analyzed years.  However, a significant discrepancy in food security
   levels emerged between farming and non-farming households.  This divergence
   primarily stemmed from income inequalities within the agricultural sector,
   affecting the purchasing power for essential foods like rice across the
   village.  Additionally, a concerning trend of diminishing agricultural land
   and a subsequent decline in food availability was observed.  © 2024,
   Diponegoro University.  All rights reserved.
DE farmers; food security; land conversion; system dynamic

---

UT 140
AR Adeogun A, 2025, HEAL (BASEL), V13, DOI 10.3390/healthcare13030213
TI Patient-Centric Paradigm: A Systems Thinking Approach to Enhance Healthcare
AU Adeogun A; Faezipour M
TC 6
SO HEAL (BASEL)
PY 2025
AB Objective: The study aims to investigate the impact of patient-centric
   approaches on patient health outcomes, identify key leverage points for
   enhancing patient-centered care, and evaluate the effectiveness of systems
   thinking in guiding healthcare transformations.  Methods and Procedures: The
   research utilizes system dynamics methodology, combining qualitative and
   quantitative data with causal loop diagrams and simulation models.  Using
   Vensim software, the study examines dynamic interactions, feedback loops,
   and the effects of patient-centric interventions.  Sensitivity analysis
   assesses the impact of variables such as access to healthcare improvements,
   and social determinants of health (SDOH), providing insights into the
   systemic behaviors of healthcare models.  Results: Simulation analyses
   demonstrate the effectiveness of patient-centric interventions in improving
   engagement, satisfaction, communication, and health outcomes.  Key leverage
   points, such as enhanced patient–provider communication and addressing SDOH,
   are critical for driving sustainable improvements.  However, declining
   trends in outcomes over time indicate the need for adaptive strategies to
   maintain effectiveness.  Conclusions: The study emphasizes the importance of
   maintaining patient centricity in healthcare settings.  By leveraging
   systems thinking and addressing underlying factors such as SDOH, the
   research provides actionable insights to enhance care delivery and patient
   outcomes.  Despite the limitations of simulated data, the findings
   contribute to understanding the dynamic interplay between patient-centric
   strategies and healthcare system performance, advocating for sustained
   efforts to ensure equitable and effective care.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE causal model loop; health care system; patient-centric approaches; social
   determinants of health; system dynamics; systems thinking

---

UT 141
AR Guttieres D, 2024, VACCINES, V12, DOI 10.3390/vaccines12010024
TI Modeling Supply and Demand Dynamics of Vaccines against Epidemic-Prone
   Pathogens: Case Study of Ebola Virus Disease
AU Guttieres D; Diepvens C; Decouttere C; Vandaele N
TC 5
SO VACCINES
PY 2024
AB Health emergencies caused by epidemic-prone pathogens (EPPs) have increased
   exponentially in recent decades.  Although vaccines have proven beneficial,
   they are unavailable for many pathogens.  Furthermore, achieving timely and
   equitable access to vaccines against EPPs is not trivial.  It requires
   decision-makers to capture numerous interrelated factors across temporal and
   spatial scales, with significant uncertainties, variability, delays, and
   feedback loops that give rise to dynamic and unexpected behavior.
   Therefore, despite progress in filling R&D gaps, the path to licensure and
   the long-term viability of vaccines against EPPs continues to be unclear.
   This paper presents a quantitative system dynamics modeling framework to
   evaluate the long-term sustainability of vaccine supply under different
   vaccination strategies.  Data from both literature and 50 expert interviews
   are used to model the supply and demand of a prototypical Ebolavirus Zaire
   (EBOV) vaccine.  Specifically, the case study evaluates dynamics associated
   with proactive vaccination ahead of an outbreak of similar magnitude as the
   2018–2020 epidemic in North Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo.  The
   scenarios presented demonstrate how uncertainties (e.g., duration of
   vaccine-induced protection) and design criteria (e.g., priority geographies
   and groups, target coverage, frequency of boosters) lead to important
   tradeoffs across policy aims, public health outcomes, and feasibility (e.g.,
   technical, operational, financial). With sufficient context and data, the
   framework provides a foundation to apply the model to a broad range of
   additional geographies and priority pathogens.  Furthermore, the ability to
   identify leverage points for long-term preparedness offers directions for
   further research.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE ebola virus disease; epidemics; filoviruses; immunization; infectious
   diseases; sustainability; system dynamics; vaccines
ID ebola vaccine; vaccine; article; case study; commercial phenomena; computer
   language; cost; cost effectiveness analysis; decision making; democratic
   republic congo; demography; disease surveillance; disease transmission;
   dynamics; ebola hemorrhagic fever; ebolavirus; ecological phenomena and
   functions; epidemic; feedback system; filovirus; health care delivery;
   health care personnel; health care policy; health care system; health
   service; herd immunity; human; humoral immunity; immune response;
   immunization; immunogenicity; infectious agent; interview; licensing;
   mathematical model; modeling supply; persistent virus infection; politics;
   public health; qualitative research; regulatory mechanism; research; risk
   factor; sensitivity analysis; spatial analysis; spillover ( imaging );
   supply system; temporal analysis; thermostability; vaccination; virus
   transmission

---

UT 142
AR Chandiran P, 2023, TRANSP POLIC, V130, P116, DOI
   10.1016/j.tranpol.2022.10.002
TI Can driver supply disruption alleviate driver shortages?  A systems approach
AU Chandiran P; Ramasubramaniam M; Venkatesh VG; Mani V; Shi Y/2
TC 5
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2023
AB The driver shortage is a perennial problem in the trucking industry.  The
   review of literature reveals currently there is a lack of holistic approach
   to address driver shortage problem.  This paper presents a systems approach
   to understand the factors influencing the issue of truck driver shortages in
   an emerging economy context and their evolution over time.  For this study,
   we define truck driver shortage as: “The shortfall in the market when the
   quantity of truck drivers supplied is below the number of truck drivers
   demanded”. A system dynamic model has been developed to study a
   representative truck segment unit.  The model is validated and simulated for
   ten years.  The findings from the proposed model indicate that the current
   system and other environmental factors do not support the truck driver
   supply increase, drivers and shortages are likely to become acute in the
   coming years.  The study proposes appropriate intervention for the
   government, and other stakeholders must design proper steps to fill the gap
   beyond a specific timeframe.  The study contributes to the existing
   literature as a pioneering work on driver shortages in the emerging economy
   context.  Also, the study is one of its kind in using a holistic,
   quantitative approach to modeling the driver shortage phenomenon.  In the
   process, the study elicits complex relationships that prevail among the
   factors included in the study.  © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
DE driver shortage; labor welfare; simulation; supply disruption; system
   dynamics; truck driver; vensim
ID holistic approach; labor market; quantitative analysis; transportation
   economics; travel behavior; trucking; welfare economics

---

UT 143
AR Li C, 2021, WIREL NETWORKS, V27, P4353, DOI 10.1007/s11276-021-02647-6
TI The influence of external factors on the development of China's banking
   industry: a system dynamics modelling approach
AU Li C; Zuo X; Huang L
TC 2
SO WIREL NETWORKS
PY 2021
AB There are many external factors influencing the development of the banking
   industry, but few literatures discuss the effects of multiple factors on the
   banking industry.  In order to better promote the healthy and stable
   development of China's banking industry, this paper builds a simulation
   model based on system dynamics and uses Vensim PLE to systematically discuss
   the impact of money supply, supervision level, financial innovation, and GDP
   on bank profits.  The simulation results find that money supply, financial
   innovation, and regulatory levels have a negative effect on profits, but GDP
   can promote profits.  © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to
   Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
DE bank industry; simulation analysis; system dynamics
ID profitability; system theory; banking industry; external factors; financial
   innovation; multiple factors; regulatory level; simulation model; system
   dynamics; system dynamics modeling; banking

---

UT 144
AR Sokame BM, 2025, AGRIC ECOSYST ENV, V380, DOI 10.1016/j.agee.2024.109378
TI A system dynamics model for predicting African armyworm occurrence and
   population dynamics
AU Sokame BM; Kipkorir B; Agboka KM; Niassy S; Belayneh Y; Elkahky M; Tonnang
   HEZ/1
TC 1
SO AGRIC ECOSYST ENV
PY 2025
AB This study develops a comprehensive system dynamics model to predict and
   manage African armyworm (Spodoptera exempta) outbreaks, a major threat to
   cereal crops across Africa.  We applied system dynamics approache with its
   archetypes (causal loop diagram (CLD), reinforcing (R) and balancing (B)) to
   analyse the population dynamics of the pest.  The VENSIM modelling platform
   (Ventana Systems Inc., DSS 8.2) was used to implement the models and carry
   out the simulations.  The research integrates extensive data from 1980 to
   2023, encompassing the African armyworm's life cycle stages, climatic
   variables, and intervention strategies, to simulate potential outbreak
   scenarios and evaluate the impacts of various control measures.  The model
   demonstrates the ability to accurately capture the solitary and gregarious
   phases of the armyworm, showing how different climatic conditions influence
   these phases and affect the outbreak patterns across various African
   regions.  The findings reveal that precipitation and humidity are critical
   factors affecting African armyworm outbreaks, with variations in these
   elements significantly influencing the pest population dynamics.  Scenario
   analysis within the model indicates that integrated pest management (IPM)
   strategies, which combine biological control, cultural practices, and
   chemical methods, can effectively reduce armyworm populations, and mitigate
   crop damage.  This approach not only helps manage current infestations but
   also contributes to sustainable agricultural practices by reducing reliance
   on chemical pesticides.  The simulations of the model provide insights into
   the timing and intensity of armyworm outbreaks and illustrate how different
   interventions can alter these dynamics.  For instance, the study highlights
   the effectiveness of early intervention and the potential consequences of
   delayed action, underscoring the importance of timely and informed decision-
   making in pest management.  This research advances the understanding of
   African armyworm ecology and management by providing an approach that can
   predict outbreaks and evaluate the effectiveness of various control
   strategies under different climatic conditions.  By incorporating real-world
   data and simulating realistic scenarios, the model offers a valuable
   resource for researchers, policymakers, and farmers in developing targeted,
   effective, and sustainable pest management strategies.  This study stands
   out for its unique integration of biological, ecological, and IPM
   strategies, providing a holistic approach to addressing the challenges posed
   by S. exempta outbreaks in Africa.  The implications of this work are
   significant, offering potential to enhance food security and economic
   stability in regions affected by the African armyworm, thereby supporting
   broader efforts to manage agricultural pests in a changing global climate.
   © 2024 The Authors
DE african armyworm prediction; climatic variables; integrated pest management;
   sustainable agriculture
ID africa; alternative agriculture; climate change; environmental factor; food
   security; global climate; integrated pest management; pest species;
   population dynamics; species occurrence

---

UT 145
AR Sheeraz M, 2024, SUSTAIN FINANC, VPart F4263, P255, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-56419-2_12
TI A Nexus Between Climate Change Risk and Financial Performance of
   Agricultural Businesses in Developing Economy
AU Sheeraz M; Iqbal N; Sajid M
TC 1
SO SUSTAIN FINANC
PY 2024
AB Considering the increasing systemic risks, it is crucial to analyze climate-
   related concerns' impact on agricultural firms' financial performance,
   especially in developing countries.  The research sought to examine the
   possible influence of climate change risks on the financial viability of
   publicly listed agricultural companies in Vietnam.  Previous research has
   mostly used statistical and benchmarking methods, focusing on retrospective
   questionnaire surveys and corporate environmental reports.  The methods used
   resulted in linear, probabilistic, and static understandings of how climate
   change affects company operations and economic performance.  Nevertheless,
   they fail to adequately capture the intricate long-term impacts of climate
   change on the financial performance of corporations.  Our research aims to
   enhance the existing body of knowledge by constructing a dynamic model that
   investigates the changing connections among climate change threats,
   financial performance, and operational processes.  The project aims to
   develop a comprehensive model that will improve the understanding of climate
   change and its impact on company performance for managers and academics.
   Our model is based on corporate climate change management, systems thinking,
   and system dynamics.  It leverages Stella software as its fundamental
   framework.  This comprehensive approach will provide useful insights into
   the complex relationship between climate change and the financial
   performance of agribusiness enterprises in Vietnam.  © The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE agricultural businesses; agricultural finance; agriculture; climate change
   risks; developing economy; financial performance; vietnam

---

UT 146
AR Dong Y/1, 2024, KNOWL MANAG RES PR, V22, P282, DOI
   10.1080/14778238.2023.2189170
TI Research on the process of knowledge value co-creation between manufacturing
   enterprises and internet enterprises
AU Dong Y/1; Yao X; Wei Z
TC 5
SO KNOWL MANAG RES PR
PY 2024
AB This research establishes a theoretical framework for knowledge value co-
   creation and analyses the knowledge value co-creation process of
   manufacturing enterprises and internet enterprises with the internet
   platform participation in three stages.  Meanwhile, we use the system
   dynamics method to analyse the causality of knowledge value co-creation,
   establish the model of the system flow chart, and use Vensim software to
   perform simulation and sensitivity analyses of the model.  The findings show
   that cloud computing capability can increase the knowledge stock of
   manufacturing enterprises and internet enterprises.  The knowledge
   governance environment of the internet platform has a significant impact on
   the knowledge value co-creation of both partners.  Improving the level of
   smart manufacturing can increase the amount of knowledge innovation of
   manufacturing enterprises but has a small impact on the knowledge stock of
   internet enterprises.  Our research provides practical guidance to enhance
   the knowledge value co-creation between manufacturing enterprises and
   internet enterprises.  © 2023 The Operational Research Society.
DE knowledge transfer; knowledge value co-creation; system dynamics model

---

UT 147
AR Sokame BM, 2021, SCI REP, V11, DOI 10.1038/s41598-020-79553-y
TI A system dynamics model for pests and natural enemies interactions
AU Sokame BM; Tonnang HEZ; Subramanian S; Bruce AY; Dubois T; Ekesi S;
   Calatayud P-A
TC 26
SO SCI REP
PY 2021
AB Stemborers (Busseola fusca, Sesamia calamistis and Chilo partellus), the
   fall armyworm (Spodoptera frugiperda) and associated parasitoids constitute
   an interacting system in maize fields in Kenya.  This work aims at
   developing and evaluating models that represent the evolution of those
   interactions by applying system thinking and system dynamics approaches with
   its archetypes [causal loop diagram (CLD), reinforcing (R) and balancing
   (B)] to analyse the population of these multi-species systems.  The software
   Vensim PLE 8.0.9 was used to implement the models and carry out the
   simulations of single- and multi-species systems.  The results showed that
   when a single pest species with its associated parasitoids interact with the
   host plant, the species was able to establish and sustain by cyclical
   relationship between populations of the pest and the associated parasitoids.
   However, in multi- pest species systems, dominance of S. frugiperda and C.
   partellus over B. fusca and S. calamistis was observed, but without
   extinction.  However, there was a likelihood for B. fusca being displaced by
   C. partellus.  Overall, the models predict the co-existence of fall armyworm
   with stemborer species as an additional pest of maize in Africa that need to
   be considered henceforth in designing IPM strategies in maize.  © 2021, The
   Author(s).
ID animals; crops agricultural; host-parasite interactions; models biological;
   pest control biological; spodoptera; wasps; africa; article; human; human
   experiment; maize; natural enemy; nonhuman; parasitoid; pest organism;
   simulation; software; spodoptera frugiperda; thinking; animal; biological
   model; biological pest control; crop; host-parasite interaction;
   parasitology; physiology; spodoptera; wasp

---

UT 148
AR Ramírez V, 2021, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, P70
TI Planning support tool for torobayo beer production using system dynamics
AU Ramírez V; Jara O
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2021
AB We present a tool to support beer production planning for Kunstmann company
   using system dynamics.  A description of the production system was made,
   which served as base for the construction of the proposed model, through
   Vensim software.  Storage for fermentation and conditioning in Unit-Tanks
   (UTs), filtering and temporary storage in Drunk-Tanks (DTs), packing and
   product inventory were studied.  The proposed model includes 3 level
   variables (UT, DT and Inventory) and 5 connected flows, taking into account
   the delays in the fermentation and maturation of beer, and the capacities of
   filtering, packaging and inventory.  The process eventually stops when a
   desired inventory is reached.  The structure described corresponds to the
   generic structure of a UT. By taking advantage of modeling with Vensim´s
   subscripts, together with a disposition in a spreadsheet of few parameters,
   this structure was simplified to generate up to 12 UTs in parallel.  This
   tool allows those who carry out the planning work to test different
   scenarios and, particularly, to detect bottlenecks present in the DTs, in an
   agile, faster, and graphic way.  With this tool, the production planner
   could evaluate theoretical production scenarios changing the main parameters
   that define the entire process, improving company's decision making.  © IEOM
   Society International.
DE beer; planning; production; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 149
AR Hu S, 2024, INT CONF ENERGY POWER ELECTR ENG EPEE, P1113, DOI
   10.1109/EPEE63731.2024.10875420
TI Sales research for hydrogen-fuel-cell commercial vehicles based on Vensim
AU Hu S; Chen W/4; Yang W
TC 0
SO INT CONF ENERGY POWER ELECTR ENG EPEE
PY 2024
AB Hydrogen-fuel-cell vehicles have the advantages of zero emission, and fast
   hydrogen refueling.  It can be used in long-distance transportation and
   heavy trucks for energy conservation, emission reduction, and automobile
   industry upgrading.  This paper builds the sales forecast model by the
   software vensim to study the annual sales.  Sales are closely connected to
   cost.  The simulation combines the cost of core components through
   conditional functions which can output the annual sales from year 2024 to
   2035. The using cost of energy, energy charging convenience, cost of
   hydrogen fuel cell engine and hydrogen storage containers are the key
   variables of the model.  Most of the cost data in the model come from
   published literature.  The simulation study data show that the hydrogen-
   fuel-cell commercial vehicles' annual sales is about 76,000 in 2030, and
   about 156,000 by 2035. The forecast annual sales in the year 2025-2035 will
   have guiding significance for automobile companies and governments to
   develop hydrogen-fuel-cell.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE hydrogen energy; sales forecast; system dynamics
ID antiknock compounds; automobiles; automotive industry; costs; hydrogen
   fuels; hydrogen storage; plastic bottles; satellites; trucks; annual sales;
   energy; heavy truck; hydrogen energy; hydrogen fuel cell vehicles; hydrogen
   fuel cells; hydrogen refueling; sales forecasts; system dynamics; zero
   emission; commercial vehicles

---

UT 150
AR Díaz-Reza JR, 2024, J CLEAN PROD, V448, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.141453
TI Achieving social sustainability through lean manufacturing practices:
   Insights from structural equation model and system dynamics
AU Díaz-Reza JR; Mousavi SH; Sánchez-Ramírez C/1; García-Alcaraz JL
TC 27
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2024
AB The relationship between Lean Manufacturing (LM) practices and their impact
   on Social Sustainability (SOS) remains an area that warrants further
   investigation, especially in developing countries and industrial sectors
   with a high level of manual work in which there are many occupational
   diseases, where well-being is required by labor laws, such as Mexican
   maquiladora (MM) companies.  Recognizing this research gap, this study
   explores and assesses the influence of LM practices on MM's SOS. The study
   proposed and evaluated a structural equation model (SEM) with eight
   hypotheses tested statistically using information obtained from 411
   responses to a questionnaire distributed across the MM. WarpPLS software
   (version 8.0) was employed to validate the SEM and STELLA ARCHITECT V3.0.1,
   to evaluate a system dynamics model to simulate the longitudinal behavior of
   LM practices on SOS. The findings underscore the critical role of the 5 S
   methodology in facilitating the adoption of practices, such as Total
   Productive Maintenance, Quick changeover, and One-piece Flow, exhibiting
   positive repercussions on SOS. Notably, the study's estimates suggest a
   timeline of approximately 6.5 years to attain 100% implementation of these
   tools, while achieving complete SOS may extend to approximately 11.75 years.
   It is imperative to approach these projections cautiously, because of the
   dynamic nature of business environments, wherein unforeseen alterations may
   significantly influence these timelines.  These estimates offer valuable
   insights into the potential temporal dynamics of LM practices and SOS
   implementations in industrial contexts.  © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
DE lean manufacturing; maquiladora industry; sem; social sustainability; system
   dynamics
ID agile manufacturing systems; developing countries; sustainable development;
   system theory; equation systems; industrial sector; labor laws;
   manufacturing practices; maquiladora industry; model dynamics; social
   sustainability; structural equation models; system dynamics; well-being;
   lean production

---

UT 151
AR Castillo-Paz AA, 2024, PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL
   MANAG ARTIF INTELL ERA PROC, DOI 10.23919/PICMET64035.2024.10653291
TI System Dynamics Modeling in Automotive Electronics Assembly: A Case Study on
   New Product Engineering Change Administration
AU Castillo-Paz AA; Elizondo-Noriega A; Cuellar JV; Benavides A; Emmett GL;
   Rouen J; Topp A; Linan R; Perez AS; Ceciliano-Meza JL; Pinal-Moctezuma JF
TC 2
SO PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL MANAG ARTIF INTELL ERA
   PROC
PY 2024
AB This paper examines the complexities of Engineering Change Administration
   (ECA) in Electronics Assembly New Product Operations within the automotive
   industry, focusing on the integration of both tangible and intangible
   engineering changes.  Utilizing a System Dynamics (SD) approach, it models
   the multifaceted processes involved during new vehicle prototyping phases.
   The study assesses how different pathways influence time efficiency and
   error rates in implementing engineering changes, emphasizing the dual nature
   of these changes and their impact on operational efficacy.  By leveraging
   Vensim modeling software, the research provides a nuanced exploration of
   coordination characteristics and their risk profiles.  It also examines the
   role of human factors, particularly the variability introduced by
   Engineering Change Analysts' workload and expertise levels, enhancing the
   model's predictive accuracy and strategic decision-making.  Findings suggest
   that pathways with advanced planning, like the Lean Implementation Pathway,
   show lower error rates and improved efficiency.  In contrast, the Late
   Implementation Request Pathway, triggered by unforeseen delays, exhibits
   higher error incidences, highlighting the need for better risk management
   strategies.  This study advances methodologies that significantly impact the
   efficacy of engineering change operations in the automotive sector.  © 2024
   PICMET.
ID artificial intelligence; automobiles; strategic planning; system theory;
   automotive electronic assembly; automotives; case-studies; electronic
   assemblies; engineering changes; error rate; product engineering; product
   operations; system dynamics approach; system dynamics modeling; automotive
   industry

---

UT 152
AR Guo J/2, 2021, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V638, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/638/1/012044
TI Housing Price Research Based on System Dynamics Model
AU Guo J/2; Wang J/7
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2021
AB Based on the theory of system dynamics, a system dynamics model regarding to
   housing price is constructed.  The changes on housing price are simulated
   via Vensim DSS software, and the effectiveness of the model is verified.
   Policy regulation experiments are conducted from the prospective of
   population, land and taxation that are mostly concerned by the government.
   It can be concluded that the land policy and taxation policy are the main
   methods for regulation.  It provides macro-direction for the government to
   manage the commercial housing market and control the price of commercial
   residential house, as well as corresponding decision basis for house
   purchasers and commercial housing developers in their purchasing and
   investing.  It also provides a systematic prediction method for the
   comprehensive simulation system of the commercial housing market.  ©
   Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID commerce; system theory; taxation; housing markets; housing prices; policy
   regulations; prediction methods; residential house; simulation systems;
   system dynamics; system dynamics model; housing

---

UT 153
AR Foxon F, 2021, ASTRON COMPUT, V36, DOI 10.1016/j.ascom.2021.100486
TI Evaluating modern system dynamics software for use in astrophysical
   simulations
AU Foxon F
TC 1
SO ASTRON COMPUT
PY 2021
AB System dynamics (SD) software provides a diagrammatic way of modelling
   integral and differential relations in a system.  In the current literature,
   SD software is typically applied to problems in the social sciences.
   However, the methods utilised in SD are not constrained to these fields,
   warranting novel applications in the physical sciences.  Previous literature
   has applied SD software to time-dependent systems, but this method of
   modelling problems in physics has not proved popular in research, possibly
   due to limitations within the software available.  The primary contribution
   of this paper is to demonstrate the application of current SD software to
   astrophysical phenomena in which the independent variable is not time,
   namely in modelling the internal structure of zero-age main-sequence stars.
   This demonstrates an innovative model application with the possibility for
   future adaptations, and extension to other astrophysical phenomena.  The
   ease of the modelling process and validity of results for such a system is
   demonstrated, however a number of complications associated with current SD
   software were encountered.  Suggestions are made as to how these may be
   overcome in future software iterations to make SD software more accessible
   to researchers in astrophysics.  © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
DE simulation model; stellar structure; system dynamics; vensim; zero-age main-
   sequence star
ID astrophysics; social sciences computing; system theory; astrophysical
   phenomena; astrophysical simulations; independent variables; internal
   structure; main-sequence stars; novel applications; primary contribution;
   time-dependent systems; application programs

---

UT 154
AR Ismail SA, 2024, SOC SCI MED, V358, DOI 10.1016/j.socscimed.2024.117260
TI Identifying vulnerabilities in essential health services: Analysing the
   effects of system shocks on childhood vaccination delivery in Lebanon
AU Ismail SA; Tomoaia-Cotisel A; Noubani A; Fouad FM; Trogrlić RŠ; Bell S;
   Blanchet K; Borghi J
TC 1
SO SOC SCI MED
PY 2024
AB Shocks effects are under-theorised in the growing literature on health
   system resilience.  Existing work has focused on the effects of single
   shocks on discrete elements within the health system, typically at national
   level.  Using qualitative system dynamics, we explored how effects of
   multiple shocks interacted across system levels and combined with existing
   vulnerabilities to produce effects on essential health services delivery,
   through the prism of a case study on childhood vaccination in Lebanon.
   Lebanon has experienced a series of shocks in recent years, including large-
   scale refugee arrivals from neighbouring Syria, the COVID-19 pandemic and a
   political-economic crisis.  We developed a causal loop diagram (CLD) to
   explore the effects of each shock individually, and in combination.  The CLD
   was developed and validated using qualitative data from interviews with 38
   stakeholders working in Lebanon's vaccination delivery system, in roles
   ranging from national level policy to facility-level service delivery,
   conducted between February 2020 and January 2022. We found that each of the
   shocks had different effects on service demand- and supply-side dynamics.
   These effects cascaded from national through to local levels.  Both Syrian
   refugee movement and the COVID-19 pandemic primarily exposed vulnerabilities
   in service demand, mainly through slowly emerging knock-on effects on
   vaccination uptake behaviour among host communities, and fear of contracting
   infection in crowded health facilities respectively.  The economic crisis
   exposed wider system vulnerabilities, including demand for vaccination as
   household income collapsed, and supply-side effects such as reduced clinic
   time for vaccination, declining workforce retention, and reduced
   availability of viable vaccine doses, among others.  Finally, important
   pathways of interaction between shocks were identified, particularly
   affecting the balance between demand for vaccination through publicly
   supported facilities and private clinics.  Future research should
   incorporate dynamic approaches to identifying within-system vulnerabilities
   and their potential impacts under different scenarios, as a precursor to
   improved resilience measurement, system preparedness, and intervention
   targeting.  © 2024 The Authors
DE causal loop diagram; complexity; humanitarian; lebanon; refugee; resilience;
   systems; vaccination
ID child; covid-19; delivery of health care; humans; immunization programs;
   lebanon; pandemics; qualitative research; refugees; sars-cov-2; syria;
   vaccination; lebanon; syrian arab republic; diphtheria tetanus vaccine;
   measles vaccine; child health; health services; refugee; vaccination;
   vulnerability; article; beirut explosion; biofeedback; causal loop diagram;
   child; community assessment; community willingness; coronavirus disease
   2019; decision making; facility level service delivery; field hospital;
   financial management; health care delivery; health care policy; health care
   quality; health economics; health service; human; inflation ( economics );
   interview; lebanon; lockdown; organizational resilience; primary care
   facility; qualitative analysis; refugee; rigorously interpreted quotation;
   shock; stakeholder participation; syrian; system behavior; system dynamics;
   text analysis; vaccination; vaccination coverage; validation study;
   vulnerability; coronavirus disease 2019; epidemiology; health care delivery;
   lebanon; pandemic; prevention and control; preventive health service;
   procedures; psychology; qualitative research; refugee; severe acute
   respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2; syrian arab republic; vaccination

---

UT 155
AR Zhou S, 2021, SUSTAIN, V13, P1, DOI 10.3390/su13020642
TI Effect of green construction on a building’s carbon emission and its price
   at materialization
AU Zhou S; Guo Z/2; Ding Y/2; Dong J/3; Le J; Fu J
TC 14
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2021
AB Buildings consume many resources and generate greenhouse gases during
   construction.  One of the main sources of greenhouse gases is carbon
   emission associated with buildings.  This research is based on the computing
   rule of carbon emission at the materialization stage.  By taking the
   features of green construction into consideration, quantitative analysis on
   construction carbon emission was undertaken via Life Cycle Assessment (LCA).
   Making use of Vensim (a system dynamics software package), we analyzed the
   amount of carbon emission at the materialization stage and determined the
   major subsystems affecting the carbon emission, then took into comprehensive
   consideration the differences of each subsystem’s carbon emission under
   different construction technologies.  Under the mechanism of carbon trade at
   the materialization stage, the total price of carbon trades remains
   unchanged, while the trading price of each subsystem is adjusted.  Under
   these conditions, a coefficient for step-wise increases in carbon price was
   proposed.  By establishing such a system of gradient prices, construction
   companies are encouraged to adopt high-efficiency emission reduction
   technologies.  Meanwhile, the system also provides a reference for the
   formulation of price-based policies about buildings’ carbon trading, and
   accelerates the process of energy conservation and emission reduction in
   China and the world at large.  © 2021 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel,
   Switzerland.
DE carbon trading prices; green construction; life cycle assessment ( lca );
   system dynamics
ID china; building construction; carbon emission; emission control;
   environmental economics; green economy; greenhouse gas; life cycle analysis

---

UT 156
AR Baghanam AH, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14063376
TI Policy-Making toward Integrated Water Resources Management of Zarrine River
   Basin via System Dynamics Approach under Climate Change Impact
AU Baghanam AH; Seifi AJ; Sheikhbabaei A; Hassanzadeh Y; Besharat M; Asadi E
TC 17
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB In terms of having a comprehensive vision toward supplying the water
   requirements, a multi-criteria decision-making approach was employed on the
   Zarrine River Basin (ZRB) in the northwest of Iran.  First, the climate
   change impacts were analyzed with the Long Ashton Research Station Weather
   Generator (LARS-WG) downscaling approach by using General Circulation Models
   (GCMs) including the European Consortium Earth System Model (EC-EARTH),
   Hadley Centre Global Environment Model version 2 (HADGEM2), Model for
   Interdisciplinary Research on Climate, version 5 (MIROC5), and Max Planck
   Institute Earth System Model (MPI-ESM), from Coupled Model Intercomparison
   Project 5 (CMIP5) under Representative Concentration Pathway (RCP4.5,
   RCP8.5) scenarios for 2021–2080. Afterward, the downscaled variables were
   utilized as inputs to the Artificial Neural Network (ANN) model to predict
   future runoff under the climate change impact.  Finally, the system dynamics
   (SD) model was employed to simulate various scenarios for assessing water
   balance utilizing the Vensim software.  The results of downscaling models
   suggested that the temperature of the basin will increase by 0.47 and 0.91◦
   C under RCPs4.5 and 8.5 by 2040, respectively.  Additionally, the
   precipitation will decrease by 3.5 percent under RCP4.5 and 14 percent under
   RCP8.5, respectively.  Moreover, simulation results revealed that the water
   demand in various sectors will be enormously increased.  The contribution of
   the climate change impact on the future run-off was a seven percent
   decrease, on average, over the basin.  The SD model, according to presented
   plausible scenarios including decreasing agriculture product and shifting
   irrigation efficiency, cloud-seeding, population control, and household
   consumption reduction, reducing meat and animal-husbandry production, and
   groundwater consumption control, resulted in a water balance equilibrium
   over five years.  However, the performance of individual scenarios was not
   effective; instead, a combination of several scenarios led to effective
   performance in managing reduced runoff under climate change.  © 2022 by the
   authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE climate change; system dynamics; water resources management; zarrine river
   basin
ID climate change; climate effect; decision making; general circulation model;
   policy making; resource management; river basin; spatiotemporal analysis;
   water demand; water resource; water supply

---

UT 157
AR Wang H-G, 2023, SUSTAIN, V15, DOI 10.3390/su151914190
TI The Mechanism and Countermeasures of the Impact of State Subsidy Backslide
   on the Efficiency of Waste-to-Energy Enterprises—A Case Study in China
AU Wang H-G; Rao H/1
TC 2
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB The scientific investment decision model of waste incineration power
   generation is helpful in providing a scientific basis for the government and
   environmental protection enterprises to formulate reasonable waste prices.
   The waste incineration power generation project revenue and cost composition
   framework, based on the project net present value of factors affecting
   causality analysis, the construction of a waste incineration power
   generation PPP project net present value system dynamics model, and the use
   of Vensim PLE software, version 7.3.5, combined with the garbage power
   generation of listed companies, was built, and we put into use the
   enterprise’s financial data and the author’s research of the case of the BOT
   (Build–Operate–Transfer) project data to examine the validity of the model
   test, simulation, and sensitivity analysis.  The results show that the
   regression of a national subsidy does not necessarily lead to a price
   adjustment of the waste disposal fee, and when a change in tariff subsidy
   occurs, the loss brought by the reduction in a feed-in tariff can be
   compensated by increasing the income from carbon sinks, decreasing the
   intensity of investment through technological advancement, improving the
   coefficient of waste power generation through garbage classification, and
   increasing the utilization of production capacity through the treatment of
   multiple wastes in a single or a combination of ways.  © 2023 by the
   authors.
DE carbon emission reduction; electricity tariff rebate; system dynamics; waste
   disposal fees

---

UT 158
AR Zhao Y/6, 2022, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V775, P97, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-16-5429-9_7
TI Research on Safety Management of Inland River Dangerous Chemicals
   Transportation System Based on System Dynamics and Principal Component
   Analysis
AU Zhao Y/6; Lv Z
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2022
AB This paper proposes a new method to study the safety of inland river
   hazardous chemical transportation under dynamic conditions based on the
   principles of system dynamics by analyzing the related theories of hazardous
   chemical transportation and comparing the traditional static hazard
   assessment methods.  The system dynamics model of the inland river hazardous
   chemicals transportation system is constructed in this paper.  According to
   Vensim_PLE, relevant data are obtained by changing the growth rate of the
   safety input of various factors.  Using the principal component analysis
   (PSC) analysis data to verify the accuracy of the model and study the impact
   of various factors on the safety of the transportation system.  The result
   shows that human factors and management factors have a greater influence on
   the safety of the transportation system.  It is important to change the
   input indicators of human factors and management factors to improve safety.
   © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore
   Pte Ltd.
DE safety management; system dynamics; transportation of inland river dangerous
   chemicals
ID chemical hazards; human engineering; principal component analysis; rivers;
   system theory; dynamic component; dynamic condition; inland rivers;
   management factors; principal component analysis; river hazardous chemicals;
   safety management; system dynamics; transportation of inland river dangerous
   chemical; transportation system; chemical analysis

---

UT 159
AR Chen J/1, 2021, J PHYS CONF SER, V1865, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1865/4/042120
TI Research on System Dynamics Simulation of Building Materials Supply Chain
AU Chen J/1; Zhong J; Xie B
TC 3
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2021
AB The bullwhip effect of supply chain under non-information sharing and
   information sharing environment is analyzed theoretically.  The model of
   building materials supply chain in two environments is constructed, and the
   system dynamics flow chart is established by Vensim PLE simulation software.
   The correctness of the theoretical analysis is verified by an example
   simulation.  The sensitivity analysis of transportation delay time and
   manufacturer's production cycle shows that extending transportation time can
   reduce manufacturer's inventory, but raw material inventory in transit will
   increase; Shortening the production cycle of producers under the information
   sharing environment is more conducive to reducing the bullwhip effect of the
   supply chain.  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
DE building materials supply chain; bullwhip effect; system dynamics; vendor
   managed inventory
ID building materials; computer software; information analysis; information
   dissemination; materials handling; sensitivity analysis; supply chains;
   system theory; information sharing; material inventories; materials
   supplies; non-information sharing; simulation software; system dynamics
   simulation; transportation delay; transportation time; manufacture

---

UT 160
AR Li L, 2025, APPL SCI, V15, DOI 10.3390/app15084086
TI System Dynamics Simulation of Policy Synergy Effects: How Tradable Green
   Certificates and Carbon Emission Trading Shape Electricity Market
   Sustainability
AU Li L; Song K; Xu W; Jiang X; Guo C
TC 4
SO APPL SCI
PY 2025
AB With the rapid growth of global energy demand, the fossil fuel-dominated
   electric power industry has led to serious environmental problems.  Tradable
   green certificates (TGC) and carbon emission trading (CET) have become key
   mechanisms for promoting sustainable development of the electricity market
   by serving as market-oriented policy tools.  To deeply analyze the impact of
   TGC and CET on the sustainable development of China’s electricity market and
   provide a scientific basis for policymakers.  This study uses system
   dynamics (SD) methods to construct a policy synergy analysis framework for
   TGC and CET. It explores the impact mechanism of dual policy incentives on
   the sustainable development of the electricity market.  Firstly, the current
   application status of TGC and CET in China was reviewed.  Based on the
   literature analysis, identify key factors that affect the sustainable
   development of the electricity market.  Then, by deconstructing the
   interaction between TGC policy and CET policy, an SD model was established
   that includes multidimensional feedback such as policy, technology, funding,
   and market, and the dynamic functional relationships in the SD model were
   quantified.  Finally, Vensim PLE software 7.3.2 was used to simulate the
   evolution of sustainable development in the electricity market under
   different policy scenarios.  The research results indicate that (1) the
   adjustment of the TGC quota ratio can change the supply and demand mechanism
   to form a price leverage effect, effectively stimulate the growth of
   renewable energy generation capacity, and accelerate the low-carbon
   transformation of power enterprises; and (2) the CET market changes the cost
   structure of power generation through carbon price signals.  When the carbon
   emission cap target tightens, CET prices quickly rise, leading to a
   significant trend of carbon reduction in the electricity market; (3) the
   application of policy combinations can significantly promote the sustainable
   development of the electricity market, but the unreasonable setting of
   policy parameters can trigger market risks.  Therefore, policy design should
   focus on flexibility and implement appropriate policy combinations at
   different stages of electricity market development to promote green
   transformation while ensuring smooth market operation.  This study
   innovatively reveals the synergistic effect of TGC and CET in the
   sustainable development of the electricity market from a systems theory
   perspective.  The research results provide a scientific basis for decision-
   makers to formulate policy adjustment plans and have essential reference
   value for achieving the dual goals of energy structure transformation and
   electricity market stability.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE carbon emission trading; electricity market; sustainable development; system
   dynamics; tradable green certificate
ID electric industry; electric utilities; energy policy; carbon emission
   trading; green carbons; policy combination; research results; scientific
   basis; synergy effect; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; system
   dynamics simulation; tradable green certificates; green development

---

UT 161
AR Guo T, 2023, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V43, P2122, DOI
   10.12011/SETP2022-1089
TI Complementary asset, technology commercialization capability and business
   model innovation of high-tech incumbent enterprises: Simulation analysis of
   system dynamics that based on business model iceberg theory;
   [互补性资产、技术商业化能力与科技型在位企业商业模式创新—— 基于商业模式冰山理论的系统动力学仿真分析]
AU Guo T; Cao L; Qiao H
TC 3
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2023
AB In order to explore the dynamic effect mechanism of business model tacit
   knowledge, such as complementary asset and technology commercialization
   capability, on the business model innovation of high-tech incumbent
   enterprises, based on business model iceberg theory, this paper constructs a
   system dynamics model that shows the interaction relationship among
   complementary asset, technology commercialization capability and business
   model innovation of high-tech incumbent enterprises, and then selects a
   typical enterprise to conduct simulation with Vensim PLE software.  The
   research results show that complementary asset and technology
   commercialization capability are the important components of business model
   tacit knowledge.  Complementary asset, technology commercialization
   capability and business model innovation form a virtuous circle and promote
   each other, and then all of them achieve significant improvement.  The
   complementary assets for R&D influence the value proposition of business
   model through technical development capability and the complementary assets
   for sale influence the value delivery and realization of business model
   through technical marketization capability.  With the change of
   complementary asset elements, the value proposition and value realization of
   business model change with different ranges.  Among them, industry chain
   maturity, R&D human capital and service support capability have the more
   significant impacts on value proposition; marketing ability, marketing
   channel and risk identification ability have the more significant impacts on
   value delivery and realization.  Accordingly, this paper puts forward
   relevant policy suggestions for high-tech incumbent enterprises to
   effectively utilize complementary asset, improve technology
   commercialization ability and then promote business model innovation.  ©
   2023 Systems Engineering Society of China.  All rights reserved.
DE business model iceberg theory; business model innovation; complementary
   asset; technology commercialization ability
ID commerce; marketing; sea ice; business model iceberg theory; business model
   innovation; business models; capability model; complementary assets; high-
   tech; iceberg theory; technology commercialization ability; technology
   commercializations; value proposition; computer software

---

UT 162
AR Ariningsih PK, 2022, INTELL ENG MANAG IND 40, P147, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-030-94683-8_14
TI The Importance of Information Sharing in Blanket Order: Case Studies of
   System Dynamics Simulation
AU Ariningsih PK; Azyyati S; Satrio G
TC 1
SO INTELL ENG MANAG IND 40
PY 2022
AB This chapter aims to provide references of the collaboration impact to
   blanket order replenishment system by performing dynamic system simulation.
   System Dynamics Simulation has been widely used in understanding systemic
   implications throughout the supply chain.  Two different types of
   relationships in the industry, sister company and brokerage, are tested with
   several scenarios of system dynamics stock and flow model that are created
   in Vensim PLE-Plus based on beer game modification.  For each type of
   industry, one scenario is developed to mimic the current system, and some
   other scenarios describe alternatives of improvement.  For both types of
   industry, the implementation models involve a three-echelon supply chain.
   The simulation reveals that collaboration in blanket order is able to reduce
   the bullwhip effect and total supply chain cost.  The case studies
   demonstrate the best scenario of collaboration in a blanket order system is
   a retailer–supplier partnership with minimizing delay.  The best scenario
   has reduced cost and bullwhip effects.  As a continuation of this strategy,
   a managerial implication had been developed by empowering the strength of
   blockchain information sharing.  © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2022.
DE blanket order; supply chain collaboration; system dynamic simulation

---

UT 163
AR Hou J/1, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P789, DOI 10.1145/3644523.3644664
TI Research on the Growth Mechanism of Online Retail Industry based on System
   Dynamics
AU Hou J/1; Tian Z
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB The Online Retail Industry is one of the key contents of China's dual-cycle'
   strategy, and has played an important role in epidemic prevention,
   protecting people's livelihood, and promoting consumption'. With the
   development of the Internet, the trend of national consumption habits
   shifting to online is obvious.  But sometimes it will lead to a series of
   problems.  Based on actual data, this paper will build a growth mechanism
   model of online retail industry.  Through modeling and simulation in Vensim
   environment, explore various influencing factors of its growth mechanism,
   and put forward targeted policy suggestions for the purpose of increasing
   online retail sales and promoting the excellent development of the industry.
   © 2023 ACM.
DE e-commerce; online retail sales; system dynamics; the growth mechanism of
   online retail industry
ID electronic commerce; system theory; e- commerces; growth mechanisms;
   industry based; online retail sale; online retails; retail industry; retail
   sales; system dynamics; the growth mechanism of online retail industry;
   sales

---

UT 164
AR Amare N, 2022, J ENV PUBLIC HEAL, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/8391616
TI RETRACTED: The Practices of Solid Waste Utility and Thriving Conditions of
   Logistics (a Case of Tepi Town): A Study to Treat the Healthy Environment
AU Amare N; Al-Bhadly O; Birhan M; Sulaiman Hamid S; Mohamad AAH
TC 2
SO J ENV PUBLIC HEAL
PY 2022
AB Unwanted remains, discarded residues, and byproduct materials that are not
   required by the initial user are known as wastes.  In Ethiopia, improper
   solid waste management becomes endemic and it affects the health conditions,
   comforts, and freedom of town communities.  Improper solid waste management
   can also adversely affect infrastructure damages, socioeconomic conditions,
   and environmental and health problems.  So, awareness creation among the
   communities is necessary.  The main objective of the study was to assess the
   management of existing solid waste activities and reverse logistic systems
   in Tepi town.  The impacts of improper solid waste management were reduced
   through waste accumulation, transportation, recycling, and waste removal.
   Available pieces of information for the study were gathered from 450 near
   house places and 549 survivals.  The collected data were analyzed by using
   Vensim system dynamics software, and the obtained results were modeled by a
   system dynamic cause and effect relationship diagram.  Finally, the
   appropriate recommendations for communities, municipals, and institutions
   were provided.  © 2022 Ngiste Amare et al.
ID cities; recycling; refuse disposal; solid waste; waste management; article;
   awareness; recycling; software; solid waste; solid waste management; city;
   procedures; solid waste; waste disposal; waste management

---

UT 165
AR Shahbazi A, 2025, ENERGIES, V18, DOI 10.3390/en18092346
TI Assessment of Greenhouse Gas Reduction and Sustainability Index in Waste-to-
   Energy Conversion Scenarios Using System Dynamics Modeling
AU Shahbazi A; Moeinaddini M; Sinha R; Abdoli MA; Hosseinzadeh M; Jaafarzadeh
   Haghighi Fard N; Azizi S
TC 1
SO ENERGIES
PY 2025
AB This study aims to evaluate various waste-to-energy conversion scenarios in
   terms of their potential to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and
   improve sustainability based on economic and environmental outcomes.  To
   achieve this, a comprehensive waste management model was developed using the
   system dynamics approach in the Vensim software to predict waste generation
   and composition and compare pyrolysis, incineration, gasification, and
   sanitary landfill scenarios with the baseline scenario over 25 years
   (2025–2050). The analysis of different waste management scenarios highlights
   the superior performance of pyrolysis in terms of energy recovery, economic
   profit, GHG emissions reduction, environmental outcomes, and long-term
   sustainability.  Results show that the pyrolysis scenario generates the
   highest electricity, with a cumulative net electricity output of 10,469 GWh.
   Although pyrolysis has GHG emissions due to energy consumption and direct
   process emissions, it results in the largest net reduction in GHG emissions,
   primarily due to avoided emissions from increased electricity generation,
   leading to a 346% reduction compared to the baseline scenario.  Furthermore,
   the pyrolysis scenario demonstrates the highest economic profit at 354
   million USD and the highest sustainability index (SI) at 499 million USD.
   The cumulative SI from 2025 to 2050 shows a 503% increase compared to the
   business-as-usual scenario, highlighting its superior sustainability
   performance.  This study highlights the importance of strategic waste-to-
   energy planning in reducing GHG emissions and promoting sustainability.  It
   also offers valuable insights for policymakers and researchers, supporting
   the development of sustainable waste management strategies and effective
   efforts for climate change mitigation.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE climate change mitigation; greenhouse gas ( ghg ) emissions; sustainability
   index ( si ); system dynamics modeling; waste to energy ( wte )
ID carbon emissions; cracking ( chemical ); greenhouse gas emissions; low
   emission; strategic planning; systems thinking; waste disposal; waste
   treatment; climate change mitigation; economic profit; environmental
   outcome; greenhouse gas emissions; sustainability index; system dynamics
   modeling; waste to energy; waste to energy conversion; waste to energy;
   global warming

---

UT 166
AR Xinfeng W, 2023, J SYST ENG ELECTRON, V34, P1225, DOI
   10.23919/JSEE.2023.000124
TI Research on strategic risk identification method of equipment system
   development based on system dynamics
AU Xinfeng W; Tao W; Xin Z; Yanfeng W
TC 9
SO J SYST ENG ELECTRON
PY 2023
AB Strategic management of equipment system development must attach importance
   to effective strategic risk management.  Aiming at the identification of
   strategic risk of equipment system development, firstly, the source of
   strategic risk of equip-ment system development is analyzed and classified.
   Based on this, a causal loop diagram of strategic risk of equipment system
   development based on system dynamics is established.  The system dynamics
   analysis software Vensim PLE is used to carry out the risk influencing
   factors analysis, risk consequences analysis, risk feedback loop
   identification and corresponding pre-control measures, and achieves a good
   risk identification effect.  © 1990-2011 Beijing Institute of Aerospace
   Information.
DE equipment system development strategy management; loop diagram of causality;
   risk identification; strategic risk management; system dynamics
ID risk analysis; risk assessment; strategic planning; system theory; equipment
   system; equipment system development strategy management; loop diagram of
   causality; loop diagrams; risk identification; risks management; strategic
   risk management; strategic risks; strategy management; system development
   strategies; system dynamics; risk management

---

UT 167
AR Yang H-T, 2024, BIOMASS CONVERS BIOREFINERY, V14, P9571, DOI
   10.1007/s13399-022-02897-0
TI Forecasting and controlling of municipal solid waste (MSW) in the Kaohsiung
   City, Taiwan, by using system dynamics modeling
AU Yang H-T; Chao H-R; Cheng Y-F
TC 7
SO BIOMASS CONVERS BIOREFINERY
PY 2024
AB Municipal solid waste (MSW) management is a prime concern for municipal
   governments in order to safeguard human health, the environment, and natural
   resources.  An accurate prediction of MSW generation might serve as the
   basis for strategies for the effective and efficient management of MSW.
   Because different factors might influence waste trends, an accurate
   prediction of waste generation is required for proper waste management
   system design.  This project aims to develop a system dynamics model for MSW
   forecasting and control based on population, economy, and waste.  The
   simulation and quantitative analysis were performed using the system
   dynamics (SD) technique, with Kaohsiung City, one of the special economic
   zones in southern Taiwan, serving as the empirical example.  The stock-and-
   flow SD model was constructed using model structure analysis, and the causal
   loop diagram on MSW generation was depicted in the VENSIM interface.
   According to the modeling results, MSW generation in Kaohsiung City would
   reach 3040 thousand tonnes by 2030. This amount might be reduced by
   introducing waste sorting and recycling initiatives and increasing waste
   charges.  The results of this research might provide the waste management
   department of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan, with valuable instructions for taking
   efficient and timely steps for the correct management and utilization of the
   massive volume of solid waste.  © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to
   Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2022.
DE causal loop diagram ( cld ); municipal solid waste ( msw ); simulation;
   stock and flow model; system dynamics ( sd )
ID economics; municipal solid waste; natural resources management; system
   theory; waste management; causal loop diagram; causal loop diagrams; flow
   modeling; municipal solid waste; municipal solid waste generation;
   simulation; stock and flow model; stocks and flows; system dynamic; system
   dynamics modeling; forecasting

---

UT 168
AR Ma M/1, 2023, LECT NOTES OPER RES, VPart F3795, P1758, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-99-3626-7_137
TI Analysing Impacts of Landfill Charge on Recycling Rate Based on a System
   Dynamics System Model
AU Ma M/1; Tam VWY; Le KN; Osei-Kyei R
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES OPER RES
PY 2023
AB In China, construction and demolition (C&D) waste is one of the largest
   waste streams.  Majority of the waste is improperly managed and disposed in
   dumping sites.  Therefore, there is a pressing need to properly manage C&D
   waste for a sustainable future.  Legislative measures could be adopted to
   stimulate C&D waste recycling.  It is found that increase in landfill charge
   could decrease reliance on landfill.  This study develops a system dynamics
   model to evaluate impacts of landfill charge and its combination policy with
   development of recycling centres on recycling rate of C&D waste.  The model
   is developed through Vensim PLE software, and urban area of Chongqing, China
   is selected as a case study.  Findings indicate that landfill charges of 10
   yuan/ton (or US $1.47/ton) and 30 yuan/ton (or US $4.42/ton) have limited
   impacts on recycling rate.  Landfill charge of 50 yuan/ton (or US $7.36/ton)
   can make some differences.  Impacts of combination policies are obvious and
   recycling rate in this scenario is higher than that in base scenario.
   Findings of this paper could help improve the efficiency of C&D waste
   management and adopt market for recycled aggregate.  © The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.  2023.
DE c and d waste; recycling; waste management

---

UT 169
AR [Anonymous], 2023, AQUA WATER INFRASTRUCT ECOSYST SOC, V72, P1115, DOI
   10.2166/aqua.2023.193
TI Application of system dynamics model for reservoir performance under future
   climatic scenarios in Gelevard Dam, Iran
TC 4
SO AQUA WATER INFRASTRUCT ECOSYST SOC
PY 2023
AB This study aimed to investigate the effects of climate change scenarios on
   five indicators: reliability, vulnerability, resilience, sustainability, and
   the deficiency of the Gelevard Dam (GD) in Iran.  Downscaling was performed
   from 2020 to 2040 in the future using the Can Ems2-GCM based on different
   climate scenarios and employing the support vector machines.  The IHACRES
   model was used to simulate the inflow of GD. The cultivation pattern
   optimization function was performed by utilizing the LINGO software.
   Similarly, the flow-storage model was created using Vensim software.  The
   results demonstrated the reduction of inflow by 15, 36, and 37% during
   RCP2.6, RCP4.5, and RCP8.5 scenarios, respectively.  The results showed that
   if the optimal cultivation pattern (OCP) were to be applied, during
   different climatic scenarios, water supply would not be difficult in the
   next 11, 5, and 4 years, respectively, yet after that, water shortage would
   gradually appear.  The findings concluded that although the implementation
   of OCP would improve the five indicators in all water consumption sectors,
   the GD reservoir would not be able to answer the demands in the future.
   Therefore, it would be necessary to implement practices to increase water
   productivity in all sectors.  © 2023 The Author.
DE ihacres; neka basin; optimization; vensim
ID iran; climate change; reservoirs ( water ); water supply; climate change
   scenarios; climate scenarios; climatic scenarios; down-scaling; ihacres;
   neka basin; optimizations; reservoir performance; system dynamics modeling;
   vensim; climate change; cultivation; inflow; optimization; reduction;
   reservoir; software; water supply; support vector machines

---

UT 170
AR Yuan W, 2025, SUSTAIN, V17, DOI 10.3390/su17146607
TI Simulation of Water–Energy–Food–Carbon Nexus in the Agricultural Production
   Process in Liaocheng Based on the System Dynamics (SD)
AU Yuan W; Wang H/3; Liu Y/3; Han S; Cong X; Xu Z
TC 2
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2025
AB To achieve regional sustainable development, the low-carbon transformation
   of agriculture is essential, as it serves both as a significant carbon
   source and as a potential carbon sink.  This study calculated the
   agricultural carbon emissions in Liaocheng from 2010 to 2022 by analyzing
   processes including crop cultivation, animal husbandry, and agricultural
   input.  Additionally, a simulation model of the water–energy–food–carbon
   nexus (WEFC-Nexus) for Liaocheng’s agricultural production process was
   developed.  Using Vensim PLE 10.0.0 software, this study constructed a WEFC-
   Nexus model encompassing four major subsystems: economic development,
   agricultural production, agricultural inputs, and water use.  The model
   explored four policy scenarios: business-as-usual scenario (S1), ideal
   agricultural development (S2), strengthening agricultural investment (S3),
   and reducing agricultural input costs (S4). It also forecast the trends in
   carbon emissions and primary sector GDP under these different scenarios from
   2023 to 2030. The conclusions were as follows: (1) Total agricultural carbon
   emissions exhibited a three-phase trajectory, namely, “rapid growth
   (2010–2014)–sharp decline (2015–2020)–gradual rebound (2021–2022)”, with
   sectoral contributions ranked as livestock farming (50%) > agricultural
   inputs (27%) > crop cultivation (23%). (2) The carbon emissions per unit of
   primary sector GDP (CEAG) for S2, S3, and S4 decreased by 8.86%, 5.79%, and
   7.72%, respectively, compared to S1. The relationship between the carbon
   emissions under the four scenarios is S3 > S1 > S2 > S4. The relationship
   between the four scenarios in the primary sector GDP is S3 > S2 > S4 > S1.
   S2 can both control carbon emissions and achieve growth in primary industry
   output.  Policy recommendations emphasize reducing chemical fertilizer use,
   optimizing livestock management, enhancing agricultural technology
   efficiency, and adjusting agricultural structures to balance economic
   development with environmental sustainability.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE carbon emissions; system dynamics; water-energy-food-carbon nexus
ID agricultural production; agricultural technology; carbon emission; economic
   development; livestock farming; simulation; sustainable development

---

UT 171
AR Kashyap A, 2024, RESPONSIBLE PROD CONSUM SUSTAIN FOOD SECUR, P77, DOI
   10.1201/9781003542506-10
TI A SD Approach for Optimizing Food Supply Chain Cost: A Case of Foxnut
   (Makhana) Industry
AU Kashyap A; Shukla OJ
TC 0
SO RESPONSIBLE PROD CONSUM SUSTAIN FOOD SECUR
PY 2024
AB Supply Chain Management (SCM) is an integrated strategy for efficiently
   delivering the right quantities of products to the right locations and at
   the right time, minimizing overall supply chain costs through continuous
   information flow.  This study employs a system dynamics (SD) approach to
   model the foxnut supply chain, encompassing farmers, processors, mega
   distributors, distributors, and retailers.  The SD model simulates foxnut’s
   total supply chain cost (TSCC), emphasizing the farmer’s cost share, and
   analyzes costs under different market scenarios.  Assumptions include
   neglecting wastage-related costs, constant transportation costs between
   intermediaries, considering an 80-gm jar of foxnut, assuming a constant
   production acquisition rate, and excluding the grading cost in the farmer’s
   input costs.  Using Vensim software, the model is calibrated with insights
   from industry experts, research scholars, and academicians.  Findings reveal
   variations in foxnut’s TSCC and the farmer’s share over time, presenting
   opportunities for cost reduction, such as enhancing cultivation yields,
   optimizing transportation routes, and streamlining intermediary involvement.
   This study underscores the efficacy of SD modeling in analyzing supply chain
   costs and pinpointing improvement opportunities.  © 2024 selection and
   editorial matter, Dr.  Pramod K. Mishra, Prof.  Sameer Prasad, Prof.  B.
   Kamaiah, Prof.  B. Raja Shekhar, Dr.  Chinmaya Behera and Dr.  Pratap K.
   Jena; individual chapters, the contributors.
DE foxnut supply chain; makhana industry; supply chain; system dynamics

---

UT 172
AR He M, 2021, JIANGSU DAXUE XUEBAO ZIRAN KEXUE BAN J JIANGSU UNIV NAT SCI ED,
   V42, P562, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1671-7775.2021.05.010
TI Modeling and optimization of modern agricultural logistics system in Jiangsu
   province based on system dynamics; [江苏省现代农业物流系统动力学建模及优化]
AU He M; An Y; Pu J
TC 1
SO JIANGSU DAXUE XUEBAO ZIRAN KEXUE BAN J JIANGSU UNIV NAT SCI ED
PY 2021
AB To determine the interaction among agricultural logistics demand, logistics
   supply, agricultural GDP and regional population in the modern agricultural
   logistics system of Jiangsu province, and analyze the impact of logistics
   information technology on the agricultural logistics system, the model of
   modern agricultural logistics system was constructed and optimized.  The
   method of qualitative analysis was used with 13 evaluation variables, and
   the Vensim PLE software was used to draw the cause and effect diagram
   according to the relationship between each variable.  The method of
   quantitative analysis was used to draw the system flow diagram according to
   the cause and effect diagram, and the system dynamics equation of each
   variable was established by Jiangsu statistical yearbook, China
   transportation development bulletin and SPSS data analysis software.  The
   model was checked and simulated.  The results show that when the proportions
   of investment in logistics information technology are increased by one, two
   and three times, the agricultural logistics supply quantities in Jiangsu
   province are increased by respective 2.25%, 4.49% and 6.73% on average,
   while the costs of agricultural logistics are decreased by respective 0.63%,
   1.22% and 1.82% on average.  Using modern information technology in
   agricultural logistics activities can make a positive impact on the entire
   logistics system.  © 2021, Editorial Department of Journal of Jiangsu
   University.  All right reserved.
DE agricultural logistics system; cause-and-effect diagram; dynamic equation;
   modern information technology; system flow diagram

---

UT 173
AR Peng X/1, 2026, ENERGIES, V19, DOI 10.3390/en19051259
TI Enhancing the Resilience of Distributed Energy Storage on Smart Highways: A
   System Dynamics Approach for Dynamic Maintenance Decision-Making
AU Peng X/1; Yang Y/3
TC 0
SO ENERGIES
PY 2026
AB The resilience of Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITSs) heavily relies
   on distributed Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESSs) deployed in harsh,
   unattended highway environments.  Traditional maintenance strategies often
   fail to account for the dynamic feedback between battery aging,
   environmental stress, and maintenance response latency.  This study proposes
   a system dynamics (SD) framework to evaluate and optimize the resilience of
   these critical power infrastructures.  By modeling the nonlinear
   interactions among sensor data, controller logic, and remote discharge
   terminals, we simulate the system’s dynamic behavior over a 36-month
   lifecycle.  The results reveal a critical “scalability threshold”: when
   battery pack quantity exceeds 40 units, the system’s self-healing time
   increases disproportionately, degrading resilience.  Furthermore, the study
   identifies 384 V as the optimal “Resilience Topology Voltage”, offering the
   fastest recovery speed by balancing thermal stability with consistency
   management efficiency.  These findings provide theoretical guidelines for
   configuring BESS capacity and optimizing remote maintenance protocols to
   ensure uninterrupted highway operations.  © 2026 by the authors.
DE battery; highway; intelligent maintenance system; performance management;
   system dynamics; vensim ple
ID battery management systems; battery pack; behavioral research; digital
   storage; dynamics; energy storage; highway planning; intelligent vehicle
   highway systems; life cycle; maintenance; motor transportation; system
   theory; battery; battery energy storage systems; distributed energy
   storages; dynamic maintenances; highway; intelligent maintenance systems;
   performance management; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; vensim
   ple; decision making

---

UT 174
AR Parrado-Hernando G, 2024, J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST, V12, DOI
   10.13044/J.SDEWES.D11.0481
TI Method to Model the Hourly Variability of Renewable Energy Sources in
   Integrated Assessment Models
AU Parrado-Hernando G; Frechoso-Escudero F; Miguel González LJ
TC 8
SO J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST
PY 2024
AB A decarbonized economy implies deep structural changes across industries,
   including the power system, whose operation needs to balance supply and
   demand instantaneously.  The energy planning community usually work with
   hourly-resolution tools, while the integrated assessment community do so
   with the year as the time unit.  This article describes a model that
   integrates both time frames to consider limitations and competition among
   suppliers of electricity in long-term scenarios, with Spain as the case of
   study.  The calibration was carried out over four historical years
   (2017-2020, including the impact of Covid) to show both the sensitivity of
   different meteorological conditions and differences in the ranking of
   priorities to supply power.  The results show values below Spain’s objective
   of 74% presence of renewables in the electricity mix in 2030; while this
   objective is reached by our own proposal.  © 2024, International Centre for
   Sustainable Development of Energy, Water and Environment Systems SDEWES. All
   rights reserved.
DE energy policy; energy transition; integrated assessment model ( iam ); necp;
   pniec; power system; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 175
AR Qu Q, 2025, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V13447, DOI 10.1117/12.3050269
TI Research on The Risk Control of Straw Power Generation Supply Chain Based on
   System Dynamics
AU Qu Q; Xu G; Wang Z/3; Wang H; Wang Z/6; Li J/1; Gao X; Fu J/1
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2025
AB Straw power generation can reduce pollutant emissions and alleviate the
   energy crisis.  However, the development of straw power generation supply
   chain is affected by various risk factors.  Therefore, this study clarified
   the internal structure and feedback mechanisms of the risk factor system,
   and constructed the system dynamics model of the straw power generation
   supply chain to explore the impact of risk factors on the supply chain in
   terms of cost.  Subsequently, simulations were carried out using the Vensim
   PLE software.  The results indicate that environmental risk has the greatest
   impact on the total cost of straw power generation supply chain, followed by
   market risk and information risk, with technical risk having the least
   impact.  Finally, Risk control strategies were proposed for the most
   influential risks, and the system dynamics simulation was carried out.  The
   results show that the effect of information risk control strategies are the
   most effective, followed by market risk and environmental risk.  This study
   provides a theoretical foundation for the risk control in straw power
   generation supply chain and contributes to the sustainable development of
   the straw power generation industry.  © 2025 SPIE.
DE risk control; straw power generation; supply chain; system dynamics
ID environmental risks; information risk; market risks; pollutants emissions;
   power- generations; risk control strategies; risk factors; risks controls;
   straw power generation; system dynamics; photons

---

UT 176
AR Zeng X/1, 2021, IEEE ACCESS, V9, P132354, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3100130
TI Nonlinear System Simulation and Forecasting of Regional Technology
   Innovation Using System Dynamics Method
AU Zeng X/1; Deng L; Zhou M/2; Li W
TC 4
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2021
AB This study analyzed complex causal feedback loops in Regional Technology
   Innovation (RTI) system and established a system dynamics (SD) model of RTI.
   Taking China Guangdong Pilot Free Trade Zone as a sample, and running the
   model in VENSIM, it shows high fitting precision and good extrapolating
   performance.  The simulation gives out the future trends of RTI, FCD, ATD
   and IPR royalties international trade of the region.  This study proposed an
   effective model of RTI, and more importantly, it points out the type,
   direction and magnitude of the effects caused by IPR policy in RTI system.
   This SD model can also be used in policy effect simulation in the future.  ©
   2013 IEEE.
DE computer simulation; nonlinear dynamical systems; regional technology
   innovation; system analysis and design; system dynamics
ID international trade; system theory; feedback loop; fitting precision; future
   trends; pilot-free; policy effects; system dynamics; system simulations;
   technology innovation; engineering research

---

UT 177
AR Carlson CS, 2021, IEEE AFRICON CONF, V2021-September, DOI
   10.1109/AFRICON51333.2021.9570946
TI Extracting transmission and recovery parameters for an adaptive global
   system dynamics model of the COVID-19 pandemic
AU Carlson CS; Rubin DM; Heikkila V; Postema M
TC 1
SO IEEE AFRICON CONF
PY 2021
AB Accurately modelling the susceptibility, infection, and recovery of
   populations with regards to the COVID-19 pandemic is highly relevant for the
   implementation of countermeasures by governing bodies.  In the past year,
   several thousands of articles on COVID-19 modelling were published.  The
   spread of the pandemic has frequently been modelled using the Susceptible-
   Infected-Recovered (SIR) epidemic model owing to the low level of
   complexity.  In recognition of its simplicity, we developed an SIR model to
   represent the spread of disease on a global scale, irrespective of mutation
   and countermeasures.  The SIR parameters were reverse-engineered from
   aggregated global data.  This model is the first to retrospectively deduce
   the initial incidence.  The average transmission and recovery parameters
   were computed to be 0.33 week-1 and 0.23 week-1, respectively.  These values
   lie well within the range of reported values on COVID-19 determined from
   geographically different regions.  The model was simulated in the Ventana®
   simulation environment Vensim® for a 65-weeks duration and an adjusted
   initial infection incidence, which was presumed three times the reported
   initial infection incidence.  The simulated data visually aligns with the
   real incidence data.  We attribute the discrepancy between the presumed
   initial value and the reported value to lack of testing facilities on the
   starting date of 1 March 2020. Our parameter extraction suggests a novel
   methodology to quantify undertesting retrospectively in epidemics.  © 2021
   IEEE.
DE coronavirus model; parameter extraction; sir model; system dynamics
ID data visualization; epidemiology; extraction; parameter extraction;
   recovery; system theory; coronavirus model; coronaviruses; epidemic
   modeling; governing bodies; parameters extraction; recovery parameters;
   spread of disease; susceptible-infected-recovered model; system dynamics
   modeling; transmission parameters; coronavirus

---

UT 178
AR Hong J, 2021, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12058, DOI 10.1117/12.2619713
TI A system dynamics approach to analysis for the metro passenger flow: A case
   study of Hangzhou
AU Hong J
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2021
AB Metro passenger flow is a complex system with multiple variables and is
   influenced by economics, service capability, passenger perception, fares,
   and other factors.  The insights into the internal mechanism between
   variables variation and passenger flow are crucial for effective planning
   and operational management in the metro.  Thus, this paper proposes a system
   dynamics model based on the cause-and-effect analysis and feedback loop
   structures to construct the operational feedback mechanisms of the metro
   passenger flow.  The model runs in Vensim PLE software using the data from
   Hangzhou, China.  The variation trend of the dynamic processes can be used
   to analyze the effect of variables on passenger flow over time.  It suggests
   that the attraction of the metro to passengers should be promoted at the
   early metro development in order to improve the utilization rate.
   Meanwhile, a reasonable construction investment plan should be made
   according to the development trend of passenger flow for each stage.  © 2021
   SPIE
DE feedback mechanisms; metro; passenger flow; system dynamics
ID economics; feedback control; system theory; case-studies; economic service;
   effective planning; feedback mechanisms; hangzhou; metro; passenger flows;
   service capability; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; investments

---

UT 179
AR Wang G/2, 2021, APPL ECOL ENV RES, V19, P525, DOI 10.15666/aeer/1901_525548
TI Simulation study on the artificial ecosystem of marine ranching at dalian
   zhangzi island
AU Wang G/2; Guan XX; Shi YH
TC 6
SO APPL ECOL ENV RES
PY 2021
AB This study is based on the Vensim model with the Yesso scallop food chain as
   the core, combined with the multiple feedback effects of functional groups
   and environmental changes, to build an ecological-environment-economy system
   dynamics simulation model of marine ranching, which is both human and
   natural Multi-factor feedback scenarios are simulated and predicted.  The
   research results show that under natural conditions, the yield of Yesso
   scallop is mainly affected by natural disasters, with a stable period of
   about 10 billion grains, and the output value fluctuates around 10,236,922
   EUR. The four controllable variables, fishing policy, development
   environment of Yesso scallop, sudden major natural disaster coefficient, and
   long-thorn starfish outbreak coefficient, have the most significant impact
   on Yesso scallop production.  The large-scale outbreak and sudden large-
   scale outbreak of the long thorn starfish natural disasters can cause
   destructive production reductions in the Yesso scallop, but the local
   economic losses can be minimized through human control.  The simulation
   model provides a scientific and feasible method for exploring the ecological
   elasticity of marine ranches and the maximum output of economic species.  ©
   2021, ALÖKI Kft., Budapest, Hungary.
DE ecological restoration; ecosystem; multi-scenario simulation; system
   dynamics

---

UT 180
AR Yuan H, 2021, LIBR SERV, V65, P13, DOI 10.13266/j.issn.0252-3116.2021.17.002
TI System Dynamics Analysis of the Sustainable Development Path of the
   Government Open Data Ecosystem; [政府开放数据生态系统可持续发展实现路径的系统动力学分析]
AU Yuan H; Wang T
TC 10
SO LIBR SERV
PY 2021
AB [Purpose/significance] The sustainable development of the government's open
   data ecosystem can provide sufficient guarantee for the realization of the
   value of data.  Therefore, it is of great significance to explore its
   realization path.[Method/process] Based on the theory of the information
   ecosystem, the article sorted out the factors affecting the sustainable
   development of the government open data ecosystem, and built a theoretical
   model of the sustainable development of the open data ecosystem, and then
   proposed the implementation paths based on the simulation results of Vensim
   PLE.[Result/conclusion] In the sustainable development process of the
   government open data ecosystem, laws and policies have the greatest impact
   on it, including consumer information literacy, open data platform
   development level and data innovation capability combination, organizational
   management level, capital investment and technical support combination,
   etc., have a significant impact on it.  Finally, the paper puts forward the
   specific path to promote the sustainable development of government open data
   ecosystem.  © 2021 LIS Press Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE government open data; information ecology; sustainable development; system
   dynamics; value realization

---

UT 181
AR Zhu H, 2023, ENV ENG MANAG J, V22, P825, DOI 10.30638/eemj.2023.065
TI MOTIVATING MULTIPLE STAKEHOLDERS FOR GREEN GOVERNANCE OF EXPRESS PACKAGING
   WASTE: AN INTEGRATED APPROACH UTILIZING EVOLUTIONARY GAME THEORY AND SYSTEM
   DYNAMICS
AU Zhu H; Jiang T; Liu L/1
TC 6
SO ENV ENG MANAG J
PY 2023
AB The increase in express packaging waste has led to serious environmental
   pollution that urgently needs to be green governed.  However, to carry out
   green governance, multiple stakeholders are needed to take full advantage of
   the joint effect.  This paper considered the government, express enterprises
   and consumers to be the main stakeholders, constructed a tripartite game
   model to investigate the evolutionary decision-making process based on
   evolutionary game theory, and then performed simulation analysis using
   Vensim software to explore the main driving factors.  The main conclusions
   are as follows: enterprise subsidies affect only express enterprises, but
   all three types of stakeholders are sensitive to changes in consumer
   subsidies.  When the government combines the two kinds of subsidies,
   consumer subsidies play a major role.  The penalty strategies are more
   effective than the subsidy strategies.  The higher the penalty is for
   enterprises, the sooner express enterprises will adopt green behaviour
   strategies and consumers will adopt participation strategies.  If penalties
   and subsidies are used simultaneously, the penalties always play a major
   role.  In addition, the effect of low green investment costs and high
   public-praise benefits is almost the same, meaning that implicit benefits
   are just as important as explicit ones.  Therefore, both environmental
   publicity and technological innovation can play a positive effect.  © 2023
   Gheorghe Asachi Technical University of Iasi, Romania.  All rights reserved.
DE behavior strategy; evolutionary game theory; express packaging waste; green
   governance; system dynamics

---

UT 182
AR Yu H, 2025, J INTELL FUZZY SYST, V49, P495, DOI 10.3233/JIFS-239674
TI Coupled analysis and simulation of safety risk in subway tunnel construction
   by shallow-buried excavation method based on system dynamics
AU Yu H; Peng Z; Wu Z/1; He Z; Huang C
TC 2
SO J INTELL FUZZY SYST
PY 2025
AB To address the existing shortcomings in the research on the coupling of
   safety risk factors in subway tunnel construction using the shallow-buried
   excavation method, this paper conducts a coupled analysis and dynamic
   simulation of the safety risks associated with this construction method.
   Firstly, by analyzing the mechanisms and effects of risk coupling in
   shallow-buried excavation construction of subway tunnels, this study divides
   the risk system into four risk subsystems (human, material, management, and
   environment), establishes an evaluation index system for the coupling of
   safety risks, calculates the comprehensive weight values of the risk
   indicators using the AHP-entropy weight method, and constructs a risk
   coupling degree model by combining the inverse cloud model and efficacy
   function.  Subsequently, based on the principles of system dynamics, a
   causal relationship diagram and a system dynamics simulation model for the
   coupling of “human-material” risks in construction are established using
   Vensim PLE software.  Finally, the case study of the underground excavation
   section of Chengdu Metro Line 2 is employed to perform dynamic simulation
   using the established model.  By adjusting the relevant risk coupling
   coefficients and simulation duration, the impact of the coupling of various
   risk factors on the safety risk level of the human-material coupling system
   is observed.  The simulation results demonstrate that: 1) Heterogeneous
   coupling of human and material risks has a particularly significant effect
   on the system’s safety risks; 2) Violations by personnel and initial support
   structure defects are key risk coupling factors.  The findings of this study
   provide new insights for decision-makers to assess the safety risk of
   shallow-buried excavation construction in subway tunnel.  © 2024 – IOS
   Press.  All rights reserved
DE coupling degree model; risk coupling; shallow-buried excavation method;
   simulation analysis; system dynamics
ID computer software; couplings; dynamics; inverse problems; risk analysis;
   safety factor; subways; system theory; tunneling ( excavation ); tunnels;
   coupling degree; coupling degree model; excavation methods; risk coupling;
   safety risks; shallow-buried excavation; shallow-buried excavation method;
   simulation analysis; subway tunnels; system dynamics; risk assessment

---

UT 183
AR Zhang J/1, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-13070-8
TI Systemic and dynamic risk analysis of drilling construction based on
   bayesian network and system dynamics model
AU Zhang J/1; Wu L/1; Zhang T/1; Wu D/1
TC 1
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB Drilling construction is a key means to obtain underground resources and
   information, and construction risk also directly affects the safety, economy
   and sustainability of engineering projects.  Aiming at the limitations of
   traditional risk assessment methods in the dynamic and systematic aspects,
   this paper proposes a comprehensive analysis method combining Bayesian
   network (BN) and system dynamics (SD). First, through expert interviews and
   field investigations, an evaluation system consisting of 5 dimensions and 20
   indicators was established, and the combination of entropy weight method and
   expert score was used to empower the system.  Then the three-layer Bayesian
   network was constructed by GeNIe, and the system dynamics model with 5
   feedback loops was established by Vensim-PLE to realize the static and
   dynamic coupling analysis of risk factors.  The study found that equipment
   integrity (59%), geological conditions (55%) and operational skills (51%)
   were the leading risk factors.  Finally, the model is applied to the actual
   scene, and the results are in agreement with the actual situation.  This
   study provides a theoretical framework of probability prediction and process
   optimization for the systematic analysis of complex drilling construction,
   and provides a more comprehensive risk analysis for drilling safety under
   complex geological conditions.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE bayesian network; drilling construction; entropy weight method ( ewm ); risk
   analysis; system dynamics
ID article; bayesian network; conceptual framework; controlled study; drill;
   dynamics; entropy; feedback system; interview; prediction; probability;
   process optimization; risk assessment; risk factor

---

UT 184
AR Liu Q, 2021, WUHAN LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO (JIAOTONG KEXUE YU GONGCHENG BAN),
   V45, P424, DOI 10.3963/j.issn.2095-3844.2021.03.006
TI Research on the Yangtze River Shipping Safety Countermeasures Facing the
   Mental Health of Seafarers; [面向船员心理健康的长江航运安全对策研究]
AU Liu Q; Pei J
TC 0
SO WUHAN LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO (JIAOTONG KEXUE YU GONGCHENG BAN)
PY 2021
AB Ensuring the mental health of seafarers is an important way to reduce human
   accidents in ship navigation.  In order to make up for the lack of research
   on shipping safety policies and measures for the mental health of seafarers
   in the Yangtze River, the main factors affecting the mental health of
   seafarers were identified through questionnaire survey.  From the
   perspective of shipping companies and government, this paper put forward
   safety countermeasures to improve the mental health level of seafarers.  In
   order to quantitatively explore the implementation effect of safety
   measures, based on the principle of system dynamics, a system dynamics (SD)
   model of mental health of inland river crew was constructed.  Meanwhile, the
   Vensim software was used to simulate and predict the mental health level of
   seafarers.  The results show that under the safety intervention measures,
   the mental health level of seafarers will rise steadily.  The safety
   measures adopted by shipping companies have a greater impact on the mental
   health of seafarers than the government.  For shipping companies, the most
   effective safety measure to improve the mental health level of seafarers is
   to implement the paid vacation system.  On the government side, the
   promotion of tax incentives and wage guidance policies has a better effect
   on the mental health of seafarers than other policies.  The research results
   show that the proposed safety intervention measures can significantly
   improve the mental health status of seafarers.  © 2021, Editorial Department
   of Journal of Wuhan University of Technology.  All right reserved.
DE countermeasure effect; crew mental; shipping safety; simulation analysis;
   system dynamics ( sd )

---

UT 185
AR Vasiliou VS, 2024, J CONTEXT BEHAV SCI, V34, DOI 10.1016/j.jcbs.2024.100844
TI Capturing the context of drug use for college students: A contextual
   behavioural science informed qualitative analysis of harm reduction
   practices using network feedback loops simulation modelling
AU Vasiliou VS; Meany L; Belluci C; Dockray S; Linehan C; Dick S; Davoren MP;
   Byrne M
TC 0
SO J CONTEXT BEHAV SCI
PY 2024
AB Drug use during college can have substantial harm on students' lives and
   impacts the institutions' functioning and local communities.  Yet existing
   interventions for drug use at college poorly address the concurrent dynamic
   influences of the experiences in earlier developmental periods of young
   adults and the proximal contextual triggers of college life; both risk
   factors that can contribute to drug use.  To address this, we leveraged
   system dynamic methods and contextual-behavioural science (CBS) approaches
   to support the development of interventions focusing at addressin these risk
   factors.  Using Causal Loop Diagram methods (Vensim PLE), we collected
   qualitative data from college students to generate Network Feedback Loops
   (NFLs) (n = 24, Maged 22 years old), during the development phase of the
   MyUse: a contextual behavioural change intervention for harm reduction
   practices at college students.  The findings underscored central nodes
   (determinants within an intervention) that support our previous identified
   three CBS-harm-reduction practices for college students (targeted edges:
   mindful drug-use decision making, value-based activities, context-sensitive
   personalized plan of harm reduction). Analyses revealed 4 NFLs for students
   with previous drug use, consisting of 13 edges (4 positive, 2 negative, and
   4 balancing reinforcing relationships) and 3 NFLs for students with no
   previous drug use, consisting of 4 positives, one negative, and one
   balancing relationship.  All the NFLs were nested with the three CBS-related
   targeted outcomes.  College students who use drugs need drug-related
   knowledge about the unpredictable and adverse effects of drugs, presented in
   a compassionate way and distributed from credible resources (e.g., students’
   unions/club). Students with no previous drug use need education about the
   effects of drugs and awareness of how drugs can devaluate value-based
   activities (e.g.  sports, friendships, social life). These should be
   delivered via proxy cue reminders and mobile-text approaches conveying
   messages about drug use susceptibility, distributed in real-time.
   Idiosyncratic, dynamic, and contextual-bound factors of lapse risks or
   preventive practices should account for each person-specific vulnerabilities
   via personalized harm reduction plans.  © 2024 The Authors
DE college students; contextual-behavioural science; drug harms; drug use;
   network analysis; network feedback loops; system dynamics

---

UT 186
AR Wang C/2, 2025, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V45, P635, DOI
   10.12011/SETP2024-0097
TI Dynamic performance simulation of brand agricultural product quality,
   preservation, and brand marketing strategies under reference quality
   effects; [参考质量效应下品牌农产品质量、保鲜和营销策略的动态绩效仿真]
AU Wang C/2; Li Y/10; Chen Y/7
TC 0
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2025
AB There is a complex dynamic feedback relationship between the brand goodwill,
   quality and market demand of agricultural products under the reference
   quality effect, which makes the performance of production, preservation, and
   brand marketing strategies non-linear and counter-intuitive.  In this paper,
   a system dynamics model of a regional brand agricultural product supply
   chain under consumers’ reference quality effects was developed, and the
   optimal level combinations of farmers’ production effort, distributor’s
   freshness-keeping effort, and retailer’s brand marketing effort in different
   scenarios were obtained with the Powell hill-climbing optimization algorithm
   in Vensim DSS software.  We designed four simulation scenarios each
   corresponding to an optimal level combination to simulate the dynamic
   evolution process of regional brand goodwill and supply chain member
   profits, and analyze the dynamic influence mechanism of quality,
   preservation and marketing strategies to optimize the operational strategies
   of the supply chain.  The simulation results show that the level of farmers’
   planting effort is the key decision variable in controlling the performance
   evolutionary process of the system, since both of the distributor and the
   retailer’s profits and brand goodwill of the produce are highly positively
   correlated with the output quality of agricultural products, but the cost of
   efforts to maintaining high output quality will seriously damage the profits
   of farmers themselves.  Due to the influence of the reference quality
   effect, the evolution path of brand reputation from non-equilibrium dynamics
   to equilibrium is full of oscillations, and the trough decreases
   significantly with the decrease of the manufacturer’s quality effort level.
   The context of applying system dynamics modeling and simulating to present
   the performance dynamics of supply chain decision-making from the
   perspective of behavioral operations in this paper is a beneficial
   supplement to current research based on analytical modeling methods and
   focusing on equilibrium control strategies.  © 2025 Systems Engineering
   Society of China.  All rights reserved.
DE brand goodwill; quality level; reference quality effects; regional branded
   agricultural products; system dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; fertilizers; sales; strategic planning; brand
   goodwill; brand marketing strategies; optimal level; output quality;
   performance; quality levels; reference quality effect; regional branded
   agricultural product; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; process
   control

---

UT 187
AR Gunasekara KACKH, 2022, LECT NOTES CIV ENG, V174, P521, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-16-4412-2_40
TI A Model for Management of Sivalakulama Tank Cascade System
AU Gunasekara KACKH; Nandalal KDW; Imbulana US
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES CIV ENG
PY 2022
AB From ancient times Sri Lanka was considered as a water rich country.  But
   recently people, specially living in dry zone, are facing many issues
   without having adequate amount of water resources for their daily use.  Many
   water management practices consider availability of water resources and
   demand for water only without taking interactions between them.  For
   management of a tank cascade system it is important to incorporate dynamic
   interactions among different sectors that comprise a water resource system,
   such as, physical components (tanks, canals, etc.), economical aspect,
   agricultural sector, etc.  A model was developed for the optimal management
   of Sivalakulama cascade system, which comprises of 20 tanks and situated in
   Galenbindunuwewa DS division in Anuradhapura district.  The study was
   limited to a sub-system of the Sivalakulama tank cascade system comprising
   10 tanks, which are connected in series and parallel.  The model is based on
   System Dynamics Modeling approach, which enables incorporation of different
   sectors such as physical aspects, economic sector and agriculture sector.
   The model was calibrated using observed water levels in three tanks in the
   sub system.  The model showed the reliability of each tank in the system in
   supplying the Yala and Maha irrigation requirements and the possibility to
   study the impact of having other field crops requiring less water.  © 2022,
   The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE system dynamics modeling; tank cascade systems; vensim ple
ID agricultural robots; crops; system theory; tanks ( containers ); water
   management; dry [; cascade systems; daily use; sri lanka; sub-systems;
   system dynamics modeling; tank cascade system; tank cascades; vensim ple;
   waters resources; water levels

---

UT 188
AR Jerden J, 2024, APPL GEOCHEM, V167, DOI 10.1016/j.apgeochem.2024.106002
TI The impact of geochemical and life-cycle variables on carbon dioxide removal
   by enhanced rock weathering: Development and application of the Stella ERW
   model
AU Jerden J; Mejbel M; Filho ANZ; Carroll M; Campe J
TC 15
SO APPL GEOCHEM
PY 2024
AB The carbon dioxide removal (CDR) potential of enhanced rock weathering (ERW)
   depends on dynamic interactions between several biogeochemical and life-
   cycle variables.  This paper reports results from a systems model developed
   to account for key variable interactions and provide a computational tool
   for optimizing ERW applications.  We discuss the model development,
   comparisons with laboratory and field test data, and results from a series
   of sensitivity analyses for several hypothetical ERW applications.  The
   simulations were performed using a model developed in Stella Architect, an
   object-oriented systems dynamics modeling code.  The model tracks the amount
   of carbon dioxide consumed by the weathering of a user-specified mass of
   rock powder in a soil environment.  The primary model variables are: rock
   powder particle size distribution, soil pH, soil temperature, soil pore
   water saturation index, and a biological weathering factor.  The rock bulk
   composition is also a key variable as it defines the enhanced weathering
   potential of the rock powder.  Life cycle variables such as carbon emissions
   from mining, rock crushing, and transport are also quantified.  The model
   predictions are consistent with measured data.  It predicts CDR values
   ranging from 1 to 12 t CO2 ha−1 (depending on conditions) for single
   applications of 20–40 t of rock ha−1 over a 10-year interval.  Applying the
   model to a hypothetical large-scale ERW campaign in which basalt rock powder
   is applied to 25% and 75% of Brazilian cropland results in CDR values of
   0.15 and 0.5 Gt CO2 over ten years, respectively (for a single application).
   Model results show that combinations of suboptimal rock type (i.e., low
   concentrations of divalent cations and slow weathering rates for field
   conditions) and suboptimal life-cycle variables (i.e., high vehicle emission
   factors and long rock transport distances) can result in net positive CO2
   emissions for some hypothetical ERW scenarios.  It is, therefore, emphasized
   that the quantitative co-optimization of geochemical, biological, and life-
   cycle variables is essential in the planning stages of ERW applications.  ©
   2024 Elsevier Ltd
DE carbon dioxide removal; enhanced rock weathering; life cycle assessment;
   mineral weathering; modeling
ID carbon dioxide; clock and data recovery circuits ( cdr circuits ); minerals;
   mining; particle size; particle size analysis; rock mechanics; rocks;
   sensitivity analysis; soil testing; soils; weathering; carbon dioxide
   removal; development and applications; enhanced rock weathering;
   geochemicals; key variables; life cycle assessment; mineral weathering;
   modeling; rock powders; rock weathering; biogeochemical cycle; biological
   weathering; carbon dioxide; life cycle analysis; model validation; particle
   size; rock property; life cycle

---

UT 189
AR Wei J/1, 2023, J SYST SCI, V11, P332, DOI 10.21078/JSSI-2022-0014
TI Study on the Influencing Factors of “Internet +” Recycling of Waste Mobile
   Phone Dominated by Retailers
AU Wei J/1; Zhang K/2; Cai X; Zhang R
TC 2
SO J SYST SCI
PY 2023
AB The popularization of smartphones and the acceleration of their replacement
   lead to a surge in mobile phone disposal.  How to recycle waste mobile
   phones efficiently becomes a major problem in today’s society.  The
   “Internet +” recycling mode is an effective way to solve this problem.  The
   recycling process of waste mobile phones involves retailers, manufacturers,
   third parties and other recycling parts.  Retailers have natural advantages
   compared with other parts because of their perfect sales network and
   logistics system.  The system dynamics model for “Internet +” recycling of
   waste mobile phones dominated by retailers is constructed, and the Vensim
   software is used to simulate the influence of changes in two key factors in
   “Internet +” recycling environment: Annual operating cost of online platform
   and offline unit logistics cost on retailers’ recycling volume and recycling
   profit.  The results show that the investment of online platform operation
   cost is conducive to the increase of retailers’ online waste mobile phone
   recycling volume and recycling profit, while the investment of offline
   logistics cost increases retailers’ online waste mobile phone recycling
   volume, but reduces the recycling profit.  © 2023, Science Press (China).
   All rights reserved.
DE retailer dominance; simulation analysis; system dynamics; waste mobile
   phones; internet + recycling

---

UT 190
AR Ismaeel WSE, 2022, ARCH ENG DES, V18, P368, DOI
   10.1080/17452007.2021.1889955
TI Sustainable site selection using system dynamics; case study LEED-certified
   project
AU Ismaeel WSE
TC 22
SO ARCH ENG DES
PY 2022
AB This study establishes a dynamic modelling for site-related credits.
   Guidelines of the ‘Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design’ (LEED)
   system are used for the context and project levels under Location and
   Transportation (LT) and Sustainable Sites (SS) categories, respectively.
   The research steps are; determining site-dependent credits based on LEED
   project checklist and credit-weighting calculator, calculating the
   dependency coefficient of credits and categories, developing representative
   causal-effect feedback loops and a stock-and-flow model using VENSIM-PLE and
   testing two alternative project site locations.  Studying these intrinsic
   relations reveals that proper site selection may earn the project 63% of
   total available points which qualifies it to LEED Gold certification level.
   The results show the dominant effect of site selection on the context and
   site-related credits.  It also shows the latent effect on other sustainable
   categories; the highest impact is seen for energy-related credits (EA),
   followed by indoor environmental quality (IEQ), materials and resources (MR)
   and finally for water efficiency (WE). Comparing site-dependent credits for
   LEED Version 3.0 and 4.0 shows that they are less in WE and EA for the
   latter and more for the MR and IEQ categories.  This shows that the improper
   selection of a project site may eventually lead to downsizing building
   performance.  Furthermore, the proposed model establishes a dynamic
   predictive tracing and evaluation mechanism for the rate and pattern of
   point-scoring scenarios to achieve sustainability targets and level of
   certification.  It also proposes a new datum to assess the sustainability of
   site locations; both in a comparative and absolute manner.  © 2021 Informa
   UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
DE causal-effect feedback loops; leed; stock and flow model; sustainable site
   selection; system dynamics
ID location; site selection; sustainable development; building performance;
   indoor environmental quality; intrinsic relation; leadership in energy and
   environmental designs; project checklist; sustainable site; system dynamics;
   water efficiency; environmental design

---

UT 191
AR Paramasivam A, 2022, DATA SCI APPL POST-COVID-19 PSYCHOL DISORD, P147
TI Mathematical modeling and analysis of psychological disorders
AU Paramasivam A; Vidhushini P; Arunprakash N
TC 0
SO DATA SCI APPL POST-COVID-19 PSYCHOL DISORD
PY 2022
AB In general, a psychological disorder is a syndrome with significant rapid
   variability in control of emotions, cognitive control, and behaviors that
   reflect dysfunction in the biological, psychological, or development process
   underlying the function of cognitive behavior.  Psychological disorders are
   occurring more prominently in post-COVID-19 patients.  This work aims to
   investigate a detailed literature review on psychological disorders and
   mathematical models of the system to predict and forecast the psychological
   and mental illnesses and the spread of COVID-19 during the pandemic.  A
   systematic statistical analysis was more appreciable to determine the
   significant level to suggest an appropriate medical direction to overcome
   the psychological disorders.  The mathematical models, such as the system
   dynamics model used to predict the growth rate and causes of the various
   disorders such as depression, bipolar disorder, eating disorders,
   personality disorders, stress disorders, psychotic disorders, etc., propose
   the medical precautions and treatment methods for the dynamic combination of
   psychological disorder patients effectively with a systematic approach.
   Further, the extended work on machine learning approaches enhances its
   accuracy.  It matches the scenario in real-time to predict the effects of
   disorders in post-COVID-19 patients.  A set of massive data from the open-
   source will substantiate the model's effectiveness in predicting disorders
   of various levels and simulate the data using the system dynamics model
   using VenSim to foresee its future growth rate to design and develop the
   methodology to minimize the psychological disorders.  The planned contents
   are: stating the various psychological disorders, mapping the psychological
   disorders of post-COVID patients with the standard, and work performed in
   the multimodal analysis of psychological analysis in the literature to date
   with the mapped psychological disorders.  A questionnaire survey from
   doctors on psychological disorders was quantified and analyzed using
   statistical methods.  Various mathematical models, such as Markov chain,
   Monte Carlo simulation, SIR model, and simulation models of multimodal
   analysis of psychological disorders, substantiate the model using the system
   dynamics using the VenSim package to predict the effects.  Using open-source
   data, the researchers proved the accuracy of the computational modelling and
   stochastic mathematical modelling results in building the models to predict
   the disorders and viable proposed solutions for patients' healthy well-being
   by minimizing the effect of the disorder at the earliest.  © 2022 Nova
   Science Publishers, Inc.  All rights reserved.
DE data analysis; machine learning; multimodal analysis; post covid-19;
   psychological disorder; statistical methods; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 192
AR Yu C, 2022, ISCTT - INT CONF SCI COMPUT TECHNOL TRANSP, P437
TI Study on Water Ecological Carrying Capacity Model of Qin-Mang River Basin
   (Henan Section) based on SD and Cloud Model
AU Yu C; Wang F/1; Zhang D
TC 0
SO ISCTT - INT CONF SCI COMPUT TECHNOL TRANSP
PY 2022
AB In this study, based on the basic data of Qin-Mang River Basin (Henan
   section) and the evaluation results of the original ‘DPRSR’ water ecological
   carrying capacity evaluation model, the SD model and cloud model of system
   dynamics were constructed combined with the development status of Qin-Mang
   River Basin (Henan section), and the effectiveness of the model was tested
   using the Vensim PLE software and Python software.  The results show that
   the constructed SD model has passed the validity test and is reliable, so
   the constructed model can be used for the water ecological carrying capacity
   of Qin-Mang River Basin and has strong consistency with the calculation
   results of the original ‘DPRSR’ water ecological carrying capacity
   evaluation model.  © VDE VERLAG GMBH ∙ Berlin ∙ Offenbach.
ID cloud computing; ecology; python; rivers; watersheds; capacity modeling;
   cloud modeling; development status; evaluation models; evaluation results;
   model of systems; river basins; section-based; system dynamics; water
   ecological carrying capacities; software testing

---

UT 193
AR [Anonymous], 2024, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V1297, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/1297/1/012025
TI Behavior and performance of the integrated farming system model for cassava
   agribusiness development in Aceh Besar regency
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2024
AB The aim of this research is to analyze the behavior and performance of the
   integrated farming system model to support the sustainable and competitive
   development of cassava agribusiness.  This study was conducted in Aceh Besar
   Regency using a system dynamics methodology approach.  Data and information
   were collected through action research, observation, and interviews.  The
   analysis and discussion were carried out using policy structure diagrams and
   simulations.  The model formulation and data analysis were performed using
   Veneta Simulation software (Vensim PLE). The research findings indicate that
   the behavior and performance of the integrated farming system model are
   significantly influenced by three groups of system behaviors, namely: (1)
   production facilities subsystem, (2) production subsystem, and (3)
   processing and marketing subsystem.  The interaction among these three
   groups of system behaviors is expected to support the sustainable and
   competitive development of cassava agribusiness in Aceh Besar Regency.  ©
   Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.

---

UT 194
AR Shahbahrami E, 2024, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V24, DOI 10.1186/s12913-024-11692-8
TI A dynamic management model for sustainable drug supply chain in hospital
   pharmacies in Iran
AU Shahbahrami E; Kalhor R; Amerzadeh M; Hasani M; Kiani M
TC 2
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2024
AB Background: Sustainable supply chain management encompasses the strategic
   coordination and control of material, information, and financial flows, as
   well as the collaborative efforts among the entities engaged in the
   medicinal supply chain.  This research proposes a dynamic and sustainable
   supply chain management model tailored explicitly for the inpatient
   pharmacies of Medical Centers and Hospitals affiliated with Iran University
   of Medical Sciences.  Methods: This is a quantitative study in terms of
   research objective and a qualitative study based on the stages in the
   conceptual development of the model.  Therefore, the current study can be
   considered a mixed-methods approach.  After identifying the key factors
   influencing the sustainability of the medicine supply chain, we conducted a
   dynamic analysis of the problem using system dynamics methodology.  In order
   to simulate the system’s behavior over 24 months, we utilized a combination
   of existing documentary information and expert opinions.  The developed
   model was implemented using Vensim PLE software, allowing us to simulate and
   analyze the impact of various policies on the system.  Results: Medicine
   disposal exhibited an upward trend, particularly during the second 12-month
   period.  Conversely, the trend of medicine expirations remained relatively
   stable in the initial months but showed an upward trajectory after that.
   The cost associated with disposed medicine experienced a consistent
   increase, with a higher rate observed during the second 12-month period.  In
   contrast, sales of low-consumable medicine experienced a significant initial
   surge followed by a slower growth rate.  Finally, the pharmacy’s profit
   demonstrated an overall increasing trend, although the rate of increase was
   higher during the first 12 months.  Conclusion: Among the various scenarios
   considered, namely “increasing the adequacy of human resources,” “increasing
   the speed of response,” and “utilizing pharmacists in the drug prescribing
   team,” it was found that these interventions had a substantial effect on
   both enhancing the pharmacy’s profit and reducing medication waste.
   Therefore, these scenarios were identified as having the most significant
   impact.  The proposed model can serve as a valuable tool for forecasting and
   informing policy-making, providing insights into addressing the challenges
   associated with the sustainable drug supply chain in hospital pharmacies.  ©
   The Author(s) 2024.
DE medicine; pharmacy; supply chain management; sustainability; system dynamics
ID humans; iran; models organizational; pharmaceutical preparations; pharmacy
   service hospital; pharmaceutics; article; controlled study; drug therapy;
   forecasting; growth rate; hospital pharmacy; human; iran; pharmaceutics;
   pharmacist; pharmacy ( discipline ); prescription; qualitative research;
   quantitative study; simulation; software; economics; iran; nonbiological
   model; organization and management

---

UT 195
AR Aboah J, 2023, PLOS, V18, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0287386
TI Ex-ante impact of pest des petits ruminant control on micro and macro
   socioeconomic indicators in Senegal: A system dynamics modelling approach
AU Aboah J; Apolloni A; Duboz R; Wieland B; Kotchofa P; Okoth E; Dione M
TC 3
SO PLOS
PY 2023
AB Vaccination is considered as the main tool for the Global Control and
   Eradication Strategy for peste des petits ruminants (PPR), and the
   efficacity of the PPR-vaccine in conferring long-life immunity has been
   established.  Despite this, previous studies asserted that vaccination can
   be expensive and consequently, the effectiveness of disease control may not
   necessarily translate to overall profit for farmers.  Also, the consequences
   of PPR control on socioeconomic indicators like food and nutrition security
   at a macro-national level have not been explored thoroughly.  Therefore,
   this study seeks to assess ex-ante the impact of PPR control strategies on
   farm-level profitability and the socioeconomic consequences concerning food
   and nutrition security at a national level in Senegal.  A bi-level system
   dynamics model, compartmentalised into five modules consisting of integrated
   production-epidemiological, economics, disease control, marketing, and
   policy modules, was developed with the STELLA Architect software, validated,
   and simulated for 30 years at a weekly timestep.  The model was
   parameterised with data from household surveys from pastoral areas in
   Northern Senegal and relevant existing data.  Nine vaccination scenarios
   were examined considering different vaccination parameters (vaccination
   coverage, vaccine wastage, and the provision of government subsidies). The
   findings indicate that compared to a no-vaccination scenario, all the
   vaccination scenarios for both 26.5% (actual vaccination coverage) and 70%
   (expected vaccination coverage) resulted in statistically significant
   differences in the gross margin earnings and the potential per capita
   consumption for the supply of mutton and goat meat.  At the prevailing
   vaccination coverage (with or without the provision of government
   subsidies), farm households will earn an average gross margin of $69.43
   (annually) more than without vaccination, and the average per capita
   consumption for mutton and goat meat will increase by 1.13kg/person/year.
   When the vaccination coverage is increased to the prescribed threshold for
   PPR eradication (i.e., 70%), with or without the provision of government
   subsidies, the average gross margin earnings would be $72.23 annually and
   the per capita consumption will increase by 1.23kg/person/year compared to
   the baseline (without vaccination). This study’s findings offer an empirical
   justification for a sustainable approach to PPR eradication.  The
   information on the socioeconomic benefits of vaccination can be promoted via
   sensitization campaigns to stimulate farmers’ uptake of the practice.  This
   study can inform investment in PPR control.  Copyright: © 2023 Aboah et al.
   This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative
   Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution,
   and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are
   credited.
ID animals; goat diseases; goats; income; peste-des-petits-ruminants; peste-
   des-petits-ruminants virus; senegal; peste-des-petits-ruminants virus
   vaccine; unclassified drug; virus vaccine; agricultural procedures;
   agricultural worker; article; capital; compartment model; controlled study;
   dynamics; epidemiology; food security; goat; government; health care policy;
   health survey; household; income; infection control; meat; mutton; nonhuman;
   nutritional health; peste-des-petits-ruminants; profit; senegal; sheep
   farming; simulation; social marketing; socio-economic parameters;
   statistical significance; vaccination coverage; validation study; viral
   clearance; animal; goat disease; peste-des-petits-ruminants; peste-des-
   petits-ruminants virus; senegal

---

UT 196
AR Krivtsov V, 2021, WIT TRANS ECOL ENV, V251, P11, DOI 10.2495/WS210021
TI Further development of the Ebbsfleet water management system dynamics model:
   Adjusting representation of processes and system boundaries, incentivising
   stakeholder re-engagement, and exploring potential for university teaching
AU Krivtsov V; Pagano A; Ahilan S; O’Donnell E; Pluchinotta I
TC 3
SO WIT TRANS ECOL ENV
PY 2021
AB Sustainable urban water management must address interconnected social,
   technical and environmental issues.  Modelling helps us understand these
   interconnections and provides a tool to analyse interactions between the
   urban water system and alternative management strategies.  Models may be
   used to simulate not only the effects of climate, social and economic
   changes, but also the impacts of technological innovations, and different
   policy interventions.  This paper reports an update of the Ebbsfleet Water
   Management System Dynamics Model (SDM) that explores sustainable urban water
   management.  The model is open-source compiled using Vensim software, which
   is free for non-commercial use.  This paper demonstrates that the current
   SDM and the modelling approach are open to adjustment, which is illustrated
   by introducing a link between water tariffs and environmental awareness.
   The increase in water tariffs leads not only to the obvious increase in
   water bills, but also to an increase in Environmental Awareness, and
   consequently, to increases in the use of water efficiency devices, grey
   water acceptability, and grey water reuse.  A range of further modifications
   is suggested, including expanding representation of sustainable drainage
   systems (SuDS) to consider resultant improvements in stormwater quality as
   well as quantity.  This would recognise the indirect benefits of improved
   stormwater quality on biodiversity in the River Ebbsfleet, which is the
   receiving watercourse.  This study intends to encourage knowledge transfer,
   by facilitating and incentivising the use and further development of the SDM
   by stakeholders and a wider community of end-users, including practitioners,
   academics and the public.  While SDM is particularly suited to analysis of
   indirect relations, benefits and trade-offs among system constituents, other
   approaches provide viable alternatives and we discuss the potential for re-
   implementing our findings in other interactive modelling software packages
   and programming languages.  We also explore the scope for linking the
   adapted SDM to other models.  Finally, we consider the utility of the
   Ebbsfleet SDM in teaching, learning and knowledge transfer.  We conclude
   that students, practitioners and other stakeholders could not only enhance
   their understanding of urban water management complexity, but also gain
   valuable system modelling skills based on using the SDM to support
   kinaesthetic learning.  Ultimately, society benefits when the level of
   knowledge and analytical thinking skills of its members are enhanced.  ©
   2021 WIT Press.
DE industrial ecology; nature-based solutions; pricing policy; public
   engagement; sensitivity analysis; societal benefits; system thinking; water
   balance; water security; what-if scenarios

---

UT 197
AR Mohagheghian E, 2021, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V1383 AISC, P383, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-030-73689-7_37
TI Sustainability Considerations in the Product Design Using System Dynamics
   and Fuzzy Cognitive Maps
AU Mohagheghian E; Hosseini-Nasab H; Abraham A; Fakhrzad M-B
TC 0
SO ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT
PY 2021
AB Globally, sustainable product design is an issue that has been receiving
   more academic attention around the world.  Understanding the sustainability-
   related design decisions seems to be important to ensuring sustainable
   design.  Based on a stance, this study attempted to quantify sustainability
   factors in the product design through a hybrid method which combines the
   fuzzy cognitive mapping (FCM) and the system dynamics (SD) approaches.
   Designer behavior with regard to sustainability criteria was simulated in
   Vensim and sourced through sessions of two groups who deal with sustainable
   design.  The results provide an easy-to-understand model of sustainable
   design to help designers analyze the dynamics of the cause-and-effect
   relationships between factors of sustainable design and long term scenarios,
   therefore, different scenarios at the inter and intra-cluster levels were
   built to determine the impacts of variable changes on the model developed.
   © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG.
DE fuzzy cognitive maps ( fcm ); sustainability; system dynamics ( sd )
ID cognitive systems; pattern recognition; product design; soft computing;
   sustainable development; system theory; cause-and-effect relationships;
   design decisions; designer behaviors; fuzzy cognitive map; fuzzy cognitive
   mappings; sustainability considerations; sustainability criteria;
   sustainable product designs; ecodesign

---

UT 198
AR Vosoughi M, 2025, J OPTIM IND ENG, V18, P351, DOI 10.71720/joie.2025.1220537
TI Simulation of banking loan barriers to industry: insights from a system
   dynamics model
AU Vosoughi M; Nahavandi B; Homayounfar M
TC 0
SO J OPTIM IND ENG
PY 2025
AB Industrial financing is pivotal to economic development, yet it faces
   persistent barriers, including institutional rigidities, informational
   asymmetries, and macroeconomic volatility, which constrain credit flows and
   exacerbate underinvestment.  This study applies system dynamics modeling to
   unravel these intricate interactions, constructing a validated framework
   that delineates causal interdependencies and projects policy outcomes over a
   60-month horizon.  A comprehensive literature review identified 54
   categorized barriers, refined through expert consultations via purposive
   snowball sampling and causal loop diagramming.  A Vensim PLE-based stock and
   flow model, incorporating six core stocks, was developed and rigorously
   validated for structural and behavioral accuracy to ensure empirical
   robustness.  Scenario analyses contrasted a baseline with three policy
   interventions: credit facilitation with institutional reforms, regulatory
   tightening amid financial stress, and adaptive responses to external shocks
   (e.g., sanctions). Under the baseline, the system achieved natural
   equilibrium with gradual growth, moderate bank profitability, and
   constrained industrial capacity.  The “Credit Facilitation and Institutional
   Improvement” scenario yielded optimal results, with enhanced repayment
   flexibility and refined credit assessment driving substantial loan growth,
   elevated profitability, and controlled default risk.  Conversely, “Financial
   Pressure and Regulatory Tightening” induced severe credit contraction,
   rising non-performing loans, and diminished profitability, underscoring the
   perils of overly restrictive policies.  The “External Shock and Adaptive
   Response” scenario triggered temporary declines in profitability and credit
   access, but endogenous mechanisms facilitated partial recovery.  These
   findings affirm that facilitative and institutional policies maximize
   efficiency and sustainability for the banking and industrial sectors © 2025
   Qazvin Islamic Azad University.  All rights reserved.
DE industrial financing; loan-granting barriers; scenario analysis; simulation;
   system dynamics

---

UT 199
AR Li X/14, 2021, COMPLEX, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/6618940
TI Dynamic Simulation of Low-Carbon Competitiveness from the Perspective of
   Circular Economy
AU Li X/14; Luo F
TC 4
SO COMPLEX
PY 2021
AB In accordance with the requirements of the circular economy in Guangxi (of
   PRC) and the characteristics of the drivers of low-carbon competitiveness in
   the regional construction industry, a causal flowchart of influencing
   factors of the low-carbon competitiveness in the Guangxi construction
   industry is constructed, and a model based on system dynamics is
   established.  After the entropy weight method is used to determine the
   variable weight, VENSIM PLE software is used to simulate the development
   trend of the low-carbon competitiveness of the Guangxi construction
   industry.  The simulation results of the promotion effect of various factors
   on the development of the low-carbon competitiveness of the regional
   construction industry from 2010 to 2020 are obtained, and countermeasures
   and suggestions are proposed from the perspective of a circular economy.  ©
   2021 Xing Li and Fuzhou Luo.
ID carbon; construction industry; circular economy; development trends; entropy
   weight method; model-based opc; promotion effects; regional construction
   industry; system dynamics; variable weight; competition

---

UT 200
AR Zhu H/1, 2025, INFECT DIS POVER, V14, DOI 10.1186/s40249-025-01293-w
TI Optimal control strategies supported by system dynamics modelling: a study
   on hookworm disease in China
AU Zhu H/1; Zheng J/2; Huang J/1; Zhang M/6; Zhou C; Zhu T; Tian H; Wu X; Liu
   Y/4; Zhong B; Xie H; Zhang L/3; Tie L; Luo J; Mao X/1; Zhang B/5; Deng X/1;
   Zhang S; Qian M; Li S/1; Zhou X/1
TC 0
SO INFECT DIS POVER
PY 2025
AB Background: Hookworm disease remains a global health issue.  In China, it
   persists with a 0.67% infection rate and uneven distribution in 2021.
   Optimized control strategies are needed.  This study aims to optimize
   intervention strategies for hookworm disease in China.  Methods: Structural
   analysis and parameter estimation were conducted using system dynamics
   theory.  Key variables were identified via the Delphi method, leading to the
   creation of a causal loop diagram (CLD) and stock flow chart (SFC). Based on
   the SFC, parameter estimation and quantitative relationships were
   established and the model was validated.  A cost-effectiveness model was
   then integrated into the intervention mechanism model.  Various intervention
   measures were tested in the model to determine their cost-effectiveness
   ratio (CER) and effectiveness.  Generalized linear models were constructed
   from simulation data, accounting for the impact of survey sites.  The
   results were used to develop an optimized strategy for hookworm disease
   control.  Results: In comparing drug treatment methods, whole population
   deworming (WPD) and key population deworming (KPD) showed lower CERs than
   examination and voluntarily deworming (EVD), saving 384.79–504.64 CNY and
   354.35–506.21 CNY per infection reduced, respectively (P < 0.001). For WPD
   or KPD alone, CER decreased with increased drug coverage.  For examination
   and deworming (ED) and EVD, CER was highest at 30% coverage for a 1-year
   intervention, but at 90% coverage for 2–5 years (P < 0.05). WPD, ED, and EVD
   had higher infection reduction rates than KPD, with ratios of 0.14–0.25,
   0.10–0.19, and 0.08–0.17, respectively, over 1–5 years (P < 0.001).
   Continuous health education over 1–5 years showed that increasing coverage
   from a 10% baseline led to enhancing cost-effectiveness and intervention
   outcomes.  Conclusions: In high-endemic areas (infection rate ≥ 20%) in
   China, prioritize WPD for better cost-effectiveness and outcomes.  In
   medium-endemic areas (5% ≤ infection rate < 20%) where WPD isn't feasible,
   use ED for cost-effectiveness and KPD for infection reduction, based on
   local needs.  In low-endemic areas (infection rate < 5%), encourage
   voluntary examination and treatment due to limited cost-effectiveness of
   mass treatment.  Combining drug treatment with extensive health education
   can enhance long-term control effect.  This strategy can guide control
   efforts for hookworm diseases in China.  Clinical trial number: Not
   applicable.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE china; hookworm disease; intervention strategy; system dynamics
ID anthelmintics; china; cost benefit analysis; hookworm infections; humans;
   models theoretical; anthelmintic agent; adult; ancylostoma duodenale;
   antihelminthic therapy; article; artificial intelligence; causal loop
   diagram; china; cost control; cost effectiveness analysis; delphi study;
   disease control; disease transmission; dynamics; endemic disease; feces
   analysis; female; health education; hookworm; hookworm infection; human;
   hygiene; infection rate; key population deworming; machine learning; mass
   drug administration; mathematical analysis; necator americanus; nonhuman;
   prevalence; stock flow chart; system dynamics modeling; whole population
   deworming; cost benefit analysis; drug therapy; epidemiology; prevention and
   control; theoretical model

---

UT 201
AR Mylonakou M, 2023, SYST, V11, DOI 10.3390/systems11030112
TI System Dynamics Analysis of the Relationship between Urban Transportation
   and Overall Citizen Satisfaction: A Case Study of Patras City, Greece
AU Mylonakou M; Chassiakos A; Karatzas S; Liappi G
TC 13
SO SYST
PY 2023
AB The main objective of this research is to evaluate how the transport sector
   affects the satisfaction of citizens.  The model developed aims both at
   assessing the satisfaction of citizens and using it as a tool to measure the
   change in citizens’ satisfaction resulting from new mobility practices or
   policies.  The developed scenarios are based on the principles of
   sustainability and the action plans concern: better accessibility conditions
   for alternative means of transport; improving travel safety; reducing air
   pollution, greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption; increasing
   efficiency and effectiveness in the movement of people and goods; and
   enhancing the attractiveness and quality of the urban environment.  The
   results reveal that it is necessary for local decision makers to take
   further measures to increase the overall satisfaction of citizens with the
   aim of prosperity and happiness of citizens within their city, and the
   proposed model can support the decision-making process.  Utilizing the
   developed system dynamics model, it is possible to make simulations with new
   data and at the same time to evaluate the change they bring to the
   individual sectors and to the overall satisfaction of the citizens.  © 2023
   by the authors.
DE satisfaction level; sumi; sustainability; system dynamics; transport
   indicators; urban transportation; vensim

---

UT 202
AR Güz Ş, 2025, J HYDROL REG STUD, V62, DOI 10.1016/j.ejrh.2025.103013
TI Dynamic coupling of hydrogeology and human decision-making for sustainable
   groundwater management in Konya Closed Basin, Türkiye
AU Güz Ş; Uygur İ; Copty NK; Saysel AK
TC 0
SO J HYDROL REG STUD
PY 2025
AB Study region: The Konya Closed Basin, a 50,000 km² semi-arid agricultural
   region in central Türkiye, with severe groundwater depletion due to
   intensive irrigation and uncontrolled well drilling.  Study focus: We
   developed and applied a coupled socio-hydrological model that integrates a
   process-based groundwater flow model (MODFLOW-UZF) with a system dynamics
   model (VENSIM) to simulate both hydrogeological processes and human
   decision-making.  A Python-based coupling framework enables the
   bidirectional exchange of variables across different spatial and temporal
   resolutions.  The coupled model, calibrated using historical groundwater
   level data from long-term observation wells, is used to test the impacts of
   various policy configurations, including crop pricing, extraction caps and
   surface water transfers.  New hydrological insights for the region: The
   coupled model captures both seasonal variability and long-term depletion
   trends more accurately than stand-alone models.  We demonstrate that spatial
   and temporal disaggregation of policy measures can significantly enhance
   groundwater resource management.  By incorporating feedback between aquifer
   conditions and farmer decisions, the model demonstrates how socio-economic
   and hydrological drivers jointly shape groundwater dynamics.  Through this
   coupling, we emphasize the advantages of harnessing the respective strengths
   of each modeling approach to overcome the limitations of the other.  These
   insights highlight the value of integrated modeling for sustainable
   groundwater governance in data-scarce, densely-irrigated regions.  © 2025
   The Authors.  Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article
   under the CC BY license.  http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
DE groundwater management; hydrogeology; model coupling; process-based
   modeling; socio-hydrology; system dynamics modeling

---

UT 203
AR Zhang D/4, 2025, PROC INT CONF COMPUT SCI MANAG TECHNOL ICCSMT, P927, DOI
   10.1145/3708036.3708189
TI Research on the Impact of Regional Collaborative Innovation Policies on
   Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Collaborative Innovation Based on System Dynamics
AU Zhang D/4; Yu M
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF COMPUT SCI MANAG TECHNOL ICCSMT
PY 2025
AB This article takes the Beijing Tianjin Hebei region as the research object,
   uses the system dynamics method to construct a regional innovation system
   model for the Beijing Tianjin Hebei region, and uses VENSIM software for
   simulation to analyze the impact of regional collaborative innovation
   policies on the collaborative innovation capability of the Beijing Tianjin
   Hebei region.  The research results indicate that regional collaborative
   innovation policies mainly affect regional innovation capabilities by acting
   on governments, enterprises, and universities in three regions.  Among them,
   fiscal and technological expenditures, as well as intellectual property
   protection policies, have a significant promoting effect on regional
   collaborative innovation capabilities, while tax incentive policies have a
   relatively small promoting effect on regional collaborative innovation
   capabilities.  Therefore, targeted measures should be formulated and
   implemented to accelerate the enhancement of regional collaborative
   innovation capabilities, such as implementing an intellectual property
   protection system that is in line with the actual situation of the Beijing
   Tianjin Hebei region, and increasing financial and technological support.  ©
   2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to
   ACM.
DE beijing-tianjin-hebei; regional collaborative innovation policy; regional
   innovation system; system dynamics
ID beijing-tianjin-hebei; beijing-tianjin-hebei regions; collaborative
   innovation; innovation capability; innovation policies; regional
   collaborative; regional collaborative innovation policy; regional innovation
   systems; system dynamics; tianjin; collaborative learning

---

UT 204
AR Vancouver JB, 2023, COMPUT MODEL INDORGAN PSYCHOL, P211, DOI
   10.4324/9781003388852-10
TI Computational modeling with system dynamics
AU Vancouver JB; Li X/3
TC 0
SO COMPUT MODEL INDORGAN PSYCHOL
PY 2023
AB Building computational models requires a perspective and a software
   platform.  In this chapter, the system dynamics perspective, and its most
   common software platform, Vensim, are described.  The authors describe how
   to use the software platform to build conceptual structures representing
   common dynamic processes like growth, limited growth, learning and
   calibration, and goal striving.  Methods for debugging and assessing models
   using the software are also described.  Finally, applications to I-O type
   issues, like resistance to change, and methodology concerns, like spurious
   causal inferences and ambiguous causal influence, are addressed from the
   system dynamics perspective.  © 2024 selection and editorial matter, Jeffrey
   B. Vancouver, Mo Wang and Justin M. Weinhardt.  All rights reserved.

---

UT 205
AR Zhang H/1, 2022, PROCESS, V10, DOI 10.3390/pr10050981
TI Analysis of Grid Response Strategies for the Safety Behavior Risk Events of
   Transportation System Based on System Dynamics—“the Assistant Watchman Does
   Not Appear as Required”
AU Zhang H/1; Qi C; Ma M
TC 2
SO PROCESS
PY 2022
AB Employees are the most important and dynamic elements in the railway
   transportation system.  How to achieve accurate control of inertial
   violation of “key person, key matter, key period”, and formulate more
   personalized risk response strategy is a thorny problem that faced by safety
   managers.  The existing risk response usually takes control measures from
   the perspective of the system as a whole, ignoring the heterogeneity of
   risk, and the selection of response strategies only considers the target
   risks to be dealt with, ignoring the secondary risks that may occur in the
   process of risk response, or the residual risks formed by changing the
   existing risk, coupled with the lack of quantitative evaluation of risk
   response effect, resulting in poor risk response effect.  By introducing the
   grid theory and taking the risk event of “the assistant watchman does not
   appear as required” at Huangyangcheng station of Shenshuo Railway as an
   example, this study constructs a grid response model of the assistant
   watchman risk events based on system dynamics.  Through the grid division,
   the model accurately locates and classifies the assistant watchman on duty.
   Then, during the system dynamics simulation process, the hazard factor is
   regarded as a bridge, and the traditional virtual boundary of system
   simulation is transformed into accurate grid definition.  By improving the
   response strategy of safety behavior risk event of the assistant watchman on
   duty in cell grid and using Vensim-PLE software for personalized simulation,
   the intervention of “the assistant watchman does not appear as required”
   risk event is transformed from qualitative analysis to dynamic quantitative
   mathematical model, so as to realize the personalized response simulation
   analysis of employees in the grid.  © 2022 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI,
   Basel, Switzerland.
DE grid theory; hazard factors; railway transportation system; risk response;
   system dynamics

---

UT 206
AR Xiao S/1, 2025, GONGKU JIAOTONG KEJI, V42, P50, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1002-0268.2025.12.005
TI System dynamics based prediction on Guangdong-Hong Kong cross-border highway
   traffic flow; [基于系统动力学的粤港跨境公路交通流量预测]
AU Xiao S/1
TC 0
SO GONGKU JIAOTONG KEJI
PY 2025
AB [Objective] This study developed a traffic flow prediction model based on
   system dynamics theory to scientifically predict the future scale of
   Guangdong-Hong Kong cross-border highway traffic flow, as well as improve
   the scientific nature of transport infrastructure planning decisions.
   [Method] First, the cross-border highway transport was divided into
   categories of passenger and freight.  A diagram of systematic causality was
   formed.  It analyzed the correlation between the flow of cross-border
   passenger vehicles and the economic development, population size, vehicle
   factors, respectively; and analyzed the correlation between the flow of
   cross-border trucks and Guangdong-Hong Kong trade, port freight, life
   necessities supply demand from mainland to Hong Kong, respectively.  Second,
   the system flowchart and dynamic equations were constructed by using Vensim
   PLE software.  A system dynamics model of Guangdong-Hong Kong cross-border
   highway traffic flow was established.  The model accuracy was verified
   through simulation based on the measured data from 1999 to 2019. Finally,
   the scenario analysis was conducted in low, medium, and high growth
   conditions to predict the cross-border highway traffic flow up to 2035.
   [Result] The simulation result indicates that the system dynamics model
   achieves a prediction error within ±6. 5%, confirming its reliability.  The
   prediction result indicates that the daily cross-border highway traffic flow
   will reach 54 600 vehicles in the low growth scenario, 71 000 in the medium
   growth scenario, and 218 000 in the high growth scenario by 2035. The
   traffic flow of passenger vehicles grows much faster than freight, and
   becomes the main driver of total growth.  [Conclusion] The system dynamics
   based prediction method is practical and adaptable.  It overcomes the
   limitations of traditional models that fail to capture complex cross-border
   interactions.  The findings provide a scientific basis for planning new
   cross-border highways, improving traffic facilities, and formulating future
   transport policies between Guangdong and Hong Kong.  ©The Author(s) 2025.
DE cross-border transport; intelligent transport; scenario analysis; system
   dynamics; traffic flow prediction

---

UT 207
AR Azadi S, 2022, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, DOI 10.1007/s11356-022-20335-6
TI Optimizing cropping pattern to improve the performance of irrigation network
   using system dynamics—Powell algorithm
AU Azadi S; Nozari H; Ghanbarian B; Marofi S
TC 10
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB One of the strategies for agricultural development is the optimal use of
   irrigation and drainage networks, which leads to higher productivity and
   economic benefits.  In this regard, quantitative and qualitative studies of
   drainage water from networks are essential for efficient water management.
   In the present study, we develop a model using a system dynamics approach to
   simulate the cropping pattern of an irrigation and drainage network as well
   as the discharge and salinity of drainage water from network farms.  We
   apply the Powell algorithm to optimize the economic profitability of
   cultivated crops by considering the salinity and discharge of drainage water
   from the fields.  With three aims, i.e., (1) maximizing benefit–cost ratio,
   (2) minimizing drainage water salinity and discharge of network, and (3)
   economic and environmental considerations simultaneously, the optimization
   of cropping pattern within the Kosar irrigation and drainage network is
   performed.  Results based on five consecutive years under different
   scenarios showed that some crops, such as watermelon, are not economically
   recommened for production due to high costs, water consumption, and low
   selling price causes environmental pollution.  On the other hand, wheat,
   grain maize, silage maize, sorghum, and alfalfa have different conditions,
   and their production is suitable by considering all scenarios.  By comparing
   with experimental data, we find that the proposed model is accurate to
   simulate and optimize the irrigation network and to detect its cropping
   pattern.  © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag
   GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
DE crop yield; cropping pattern; economic profitability; irrigation network;
   modeling; vensim software
ID agricultural irrigation; agriculture; algorithms; crops agricultural; edible
   grain; farms; water; water; agricultural land; agriculture; algorithm; crop;
   food grain; irrigation ( agriculture ); procedures

---

UT 208
AR Monjezi S, 2021, WATER RESOUR, V48, P1013, DOI 10.1134/S009780782106018X
TI Simulation of Salinity Distribution of Anbar Salt Dome in Gotvand Reservoir
   in Iran, Using System Dynamics and Proposes a Strategy to Reduce Salinity
AU Monjezi S; Najarchi M; Mo’meni M; Monjezi N; Hassuninezade H
TC 0
SO WATER RESOUR
PY 2021
AB Abstract: To water quality management of the Gotvand Reservoir, this paper
   attempts to determine to what extent the negative impacts of Anbar salt
   domes dissolution can be reduced considering releasing water from different
   levels of the dam reservoir.  In this respect, the required field data at
   Gotvand Reservoir site were collected and hydrodynamic simulation of the
   reservoir as well as salt karst dissolution process were performed from
   August, 2011 to March, 2017 by system dynamics method and using the Vensim
   software.  The SD model analysis results showed that the amount of salt
   stored was about 69 million tons and salt dissolution coefficient value
   during the simulation period varies between 98 and 339.5 kg/s.  This
   variation for the salt karst corrosion is 4.7–7.4 cm/day.  Also, by
   Dewatering from levels above the level of lower gates (149.5 m on average)
   can decline the salinity of the released water by 85.3%. Moreover, the most
   important factor in salt karst dissolution was the water surface elevation
   in the reservoir.  therefore, it can be concluded that by controlling the
   amount of water flowing into the Gotvand Dam’s reservoir via controlling the
   amount of water flowing out of the Dez Dam, situated on the upstream of the
   Gotvand Dam, and by controlling the amount of water flowing out of the
   Gotvand Dam’s reservoir, and to put it differently, by implementing the
   optimum rule curves for the Gotvand Dam and the Dez Dam, the salinity of the
   water flowing out of the Gotvand Dam’s reservoir can be largely reduced.  ©
   2021, Pleiades Publishing, Ltd.
DE gotvand dam; salinity distribution; system dynamics; vensim
ID gotvand dam; iran; khuzestan; computer simulation; dissolution;
   hydrodynamics; karst; salinity; salt dome; water flow; water quality

---

UT 209
AR Wang Y/1, 2024, BUILD, V14, DOI 10.3390/buildings14020417
TI A Dynamic Evaluation Method for the Development of Intelligent Construction
   Technology in the Construction Field Based on Structural Equation
   Model–System Dynamics Model
AU Wang Y/1; Zhao J; Gao N/1; Shen F
TC 6
SO BUILD
PY 2024
AB In order to explore the development trends of intelligent construction
   technology in the field of construction, this paper constructs a system
   dynamics (SD) model of the application and development of BIM and the new-
   generation information technology in the construction industry based on SD
   theory and a structural equation model (SEM). Vensim DSS is used to explore
   the relationship between the SD model and six subsystems.  The dynamic
   simulation and the sensitivity analyses are also conducted.  Results show
   that during 2023–2050, as the time series advances, the effect value of the
   dynamic simulation gradually increases.  From 2035, intelligent construction
   technology shows a trend of rapid development between various subsystems and
   the SD model.  The adjusted model and the status of the subsystem are
   consistent with the SD model simulation curve.  It is verified that
   intelligent construction technology has good development prospects in the
   construction field.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE construction field; dynamic simulation; intelligent construction technology;
   structural equation model; system dynamics model
ID architectural design; sensitivity analysis; system theory; construction
   fields; construction technologies; development trends; dynamic evaluation
   methods; dynamics simulation; intelligent construction technology;
   intelligent constructions; modeling systems; structural equation models;
   system dynamics modeling; construction industry

---

UT 210
AR Nalbur BE, 2024, INT J GLOB WARM, V32, P148, DOI 10.1504/IJGW.2024.135989
TI System dynamics model and discrete-event simulation of green logistics cases
   for the electric bus industries
AU Nalbur BE; Yavas O
TC 8
SO INT J GLOB WARM
PY 2024
AB Within the scope of this study, the effect of green logistics activities of
   companies that manufactures electric buses using system dynamics (SD) and
   discrete event simulation (DES) models were investigated.  Hybrid research
   was carried out using Vensim® software for the SD model, whereas Arena®
   simulation was for the DES model.  When the results are examined, milk-run
   applications can provide a >90% reduction to the company’s scope 3 carbon
   emissions, while reverse logistics applications provide a 22% reduction.
   Additionally, 2% was found to be the influence of green logistics activities
   on the corporate carbon footprint of the electric bus company.  Copyright ©
   2024 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
DE carbon footprint; des model; electricity vehicles; green logistics; sd
   model; sustainability management

---

UT 211
AR Omondi N, 2021, PROC INT CONF INT ASSOC MANAG TECHNOL IAMOT - MOT WORLD
   FUTUR, P982, DOI 10.52202/060557-0075
TI CONTACT FREQUENCY UNCERTAINTY IN THE CASE OF COVID-19 IN KENYA: A SYSTEM
   DYNAMICS CASE STUDY
AU Omondi N
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF INT ASSOC MANAG TECHNOL IAMOT - MOT WORLD FUTUR
PY 2021
AB During pandemics, there are challenges in putting together models,
   especially when available data is missing or inaccurate.  In Kenya, the
   health ministry is responsible for gathering data on COVID-19 cases.  In
   Kenya's case, the actual number of infected patients may differ from the
   number of reported cases due to weak surveillance systems and active case
   detection, slow testing and clinical diagnosis.  There's also the additional
   challenge, in the case of this pandemic, of people who don't show symptoms.
   System Dynamics is useful in modeling complex non-linear systems, and has
   been employed before to model pandemics successfully.  This paper presents a
   System Dynamics model for the Covid 19 pandemic in Kenya, describes the
   model parts, and thereafter investigates the effect of uncertainty in
   contact frequency using the Vensim System Dynamics modeling approach.  The
   paper includes graphical results of model simulation, and the sensitivity
   analysis of the study.  The knowledge gained from this study, together with
   the model developed in the study, can play a key role in the control of the
   pandemic by informing key decision-making to assist the government of Kenya
   and other countries in the world in controlling the Covid 19 pandemic.
   Copyright © 2021 by Naudé Scribante.  Permission granted to IAMOT to publish
   and use.
DE infectious diseases modeling; sensitivity analysis; systems dynamics;
   uncertainty
ID behavioral research; decision making; diagnosis; linear systems; system
   theory; uncertainty analysis; case-studies; clinical diagnosis; contact
   frequency; infected patients; infectious disease models; model complexes;
   surveillance systems; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling;
   uncertainty; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 212
AR Castillo-Paz AA, 2024, PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL
   MANAG ARTIF INTELL ERA PROC, DOI 10.23919/PICMET64035.2024.10653015
TI A System-Dynamics-Based Simulation to Model a Rotary Talent Management
   Strategy for Engineering Changes Analysts in the Automotive Industry
AU Castillo-Paz AA; Elizondo-Noriega A; Rouen J; Emmett GL; Topp A; Linan R;
   Ceciliano-Meza JL; Pinal-Moctezuma JF
TC 3
SO PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL MANAG ARTIF INTELL ERA
   PROC
PY 2024
AB This paper elaborates on the development and theoretical underpinnings of a
   System Dynamics (SD) model designed to simulate the Rotary Talent Management
   Strategy (TMS) for Engineering Changes Analysts (ECANs) in the automotive
   industry.  Unlike traditional approaches that focus on numerical evaluations
   of talent management systems, our study concentrates on the methodological
   aspects of SD modeling and the conceptual definition of the Rotary TMS. We
   detail the construction of the SD model using Vensim software, emphasizing
   how it captures the dynamics of ECANs transitioning through different
   manufacturing divisions.  The Rotary TMS is framed as a strategy to enhance
   cross-divisional expertise and adaptability, promoting a holistic
   understanding of the manufacturing process rather than specialization in
   isolated divisions.  The paper discusses the integration of various
   theoretical inputs and practical considerations into the SD model, ensuring
   it accurately reflects the complexity and cyclic nature of talent rotation.
   By providing a clear depiction of the model's structure and the rationale
   behind its design, we aim to offer a comprehensive resource for implementing
   similar talent management strategies in dynamic and technologically
   intensive environments.  This approach not only broadens the understanding
   of strategic talent management but also demonstrates the versatility of SD
   modeling in organizational research.  © 2024 PICMET.
ID industrial management; resource valuation; strategic planning; automotives;
   engineering changes; management strategies; management systems;
   methodological aspects; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; talent
   management; traditional approaches; traditional approachs; automotive
   industry

---

UT 213
AR Flores B, 2024, INT J SIMUL MODEL, V23, P611, DOI 10.2507/IJSIMM23-4-700
TI HYBRID DYNAMIC ANALYSIS OF THE MANUFACTURING PROCESS OF LIGHTWEIGHT BRICKS
AU Flores B; Rodriguez L; Silva U; Loyo J
TC 0
SO INT J SIMUL MODEL
PY 2024
AB In this study, the hybrid simulation approach was adapted using the System
   Dynamics methodology to characterize continuous and discrete variables in
   the lightweight brick manufacturing process.  Vensim® software was used to
   evaluate the effects of delays in production flows at specific time
   intervals, and the continuous impact of variability in the stages of the
   process was established.  The results demonstrate that carrying out a
   continuous evaluation of the input flow of raw material does not impact the
   accumulation of material.  However, when assessing the monitoring of delay
   times in a discrete approach, there is a direct impact on batch formation
   and production capacity fulfilment, resulting in an 8.54 % increase.  In
   conclusion, it is crucial to not only characterize the variables but also to
   assess their impact using an overarching indicator, such as production
   capacity, rather than focusing solely on subsequent stages.  This
   comprehensive approach enables strategic decision-making to identify areas
   of opportunity within the process.  © 2024, DAAAM International Vienna.  All
   rights reserved.
DE continuous behavior; discrete behavior; hybrid simulation; manufacturing
   process; system dynamics

---

UT 214
AR Marey H, 2024, CLEAN MATER, V11, DOI 10.1016/j.clema.2024.100221
TI Green concrete materials selection for achieving circular economy in
   residential buildings using system dynamics
AU Marey H; Kozma G; Szabó G
TC 22
SO CLEAN MATER
PY 2024
AB Increasing the number of residential buildings due to rapid urbanization
   growth has led to the massive consumption of concrete materials and
   significant negative environmental impacts worldwide.  Properly selecting
   green concrete (GC) materials in residential projects can promote
   sustainable construction practices and achieve a circular economy (CE). This
   paper aims to identify and analyze the parameters affecting GC material
   selection based on CE principles by developing a system dynamic (SD) model
   to investigate the environmental and economic benefits during the
   construction process.  The system dynamic-based framework (SD-BF) is used to
   investigate the simulation interaction of the variables between the GC
   original scenario and several hypothetical scenarios through the simulation
   process, including fly ash concrete (FA) and recycled aggregate concrete
   (RAC). The causal loop diagrams (CLD) and stock and flow (SF) diagrams are
   created to investigate the inner relations among the GC variables that can
   achieve CE. The SD model was applied for a residential building case study
   in New Cairo City, Egypt, using Vensim to simulate and analyse the most
   appropriate GC scenarios regarding cement, natural aggregate, CO2 emissions,
   cost-effectiveness, and waste generation.  The results showed that using
   various concrete scenarios could enhance the GC selection for CE principles,
   in which cement reduction is the most effective variable, and the reduction
   reached 19.8% and 11.4% in the most optimum scenarios, while the natural
   aggregate (NA) reduction reached 19.1% compared with the original scenario.
   This development is vital for achieving CE and closing the concrete
   materials loop, which helps construction decision-makers select suitable
   concrete materials for future residential projects.  © 2024 The Author(s)
DE circular economy; egypt; green concrete; residential building; resource
   efficiency; system dynamics

---

UT 215
AR Li L, 2023, BUILD, V13, DOI 10.3390/buildings13123117
TI Simulation of Carbon Emission Reduction in Power Construction Projects Using
   System Dynamics: A Chinese Empirical Study
AU Li L; Shi J; Liu H/1; Zhang R/1; Guo C
TC 7
SO BUILD
PY 2023
AB Power construction projects (PCPs) consume a large amount of energy and
   contribute significantly to carbon emissions.  There is relatively little
   research on carbon emission reduction in PCPs, especially in predicting
   carbon emission reduction from a dynamic perspective.  After identifying the
   influencing factors that promote the carbon emission reduction effect of
   PCPs, this study adopted a dynamic analysis method to elucidate the
   relationship between the variables.  A quantitative carbon emission
   reduction system for PCPs with 51 variables was established using the system
   dynamics model, and the system simulation was performed using Vensim PLE
   software.  Finally, a sensitivity analysis was conducted on four key
   factors: R&D investment, the prefabricated construction level, the scale of
   using energy-saving material, and the energy efficiency of transmission
   equipment.  The results show that: (1) The reduction in carbon emissions
   from PCPs continues to increase.  (2) R&D investment is the most significant
   factor for improving the carbon emission reduction in PCPs.  (3) The value
   of the above four influencing factors should be increased within a
   reasonable range so that the four factors can work better to promote the
   carbon emission reduction effect of PCPs.  This paper creatively proposes a
   dynamic prediction model for carbon emission reduction in the PCP, and the
   research results provide the scientific basis for government supervision and
   enterprise decision-making.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE carbon emission reduction; power construction project; sensitivity analysis;
   simulation; system dynamics
ID carbon; computer software; construction equipment; decision making; electric
   power transmission; emission control; energy efficiency; factor analysis;
   sensitivity analysis; system theory; carbon emissions; carbon emissions
   reductions; construction projects; empirical studies; large amounts; power;
   power construction project; reduction effects; simulation; system dynamics;
   investments

---

UT 216
AR Ze Z, 2022, LIBR SERV, V66, P47, DOI 10.13266/j.issn.0252-3116.2022.07.005
TI Collaborative Operation Model and Simulation Analysis of Knowledge Value
   Chain of Digital Document Information Resources; [数字文献信息资源知识价值链的协同运作模型
   与仿真分析]
AU Ze Z; Yuhai L; Zhe J
TC 2
SO LIBR SERV
PY 2022
AB [Purpose/Significance] Knowledge innovation is introduced into the
   production value chain of digital document information resources as a
   dependent variable, and the principle of interaction among various subjects
   in the value chain is analyzed, so as to clarify the existing problems and
   development direction in the guarantee construction of digital document
   information resources in China.  [Method/Process] The system structure of
   knowledge production of digital literature information resources was
   analyzed with the help of value chain model, and the system dynamics model
   was simulated with Vensim PLE software for simulation analysis and
   sensitivity analysis.  [Result/ Conclusion] The knowledge innovation of
   society as a whole is most sensitive to the cost of knowledge acquisition
   and knowledge sharing.  However, in the current production of digital
   literature information resources in China, publishers give high knowledge
   added value, but the communication efficiency is low, data merchants have
   high communication rate, but the knowledge added value is insufficient,
   resulting in high cost and difficult transformation.  Therefore, it is
   necessary to realize the reconstruction of document information resource
   guarantee system.  © 2022 LIS Press Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE digital publishing; document information resource guarantee system; system
   dynamics; value chain

---

UT 217
AR Liu K, 2024, SAF SCI, V173, DOI 10.1016/j.ssci.2024.106442
TI Study on construction safety management in megaprojects from the perspective
   of resilient governance
AU Liu K; Liu Y/10; Kou Y
TC 37
SO SAF SCI
PY 2024
AB The interior and exterior environments of megaprojects are extremely complex
   and construction safety has long been a concern.  However, effective
   prevention, response and adaptation of construction safety incidents remains
   difficult.  Therefore, this study uses the construction safety accident
   process as an entry point to construct an indicator system of construction
   safety impact factors for megaprojects based on a resilient governance
   perspective.  The entropy-weighted TOPSIS method is used to assign weights
   to the influence factors, and a system dynamics model for building safety
   for megaprojects is developed.  Moreover, the Vensim software was used to
   simulate the pattern of the influence of different factors on construction
   safety under different conditions.  The findings suggest that optimizing and
   enhancing institutional resilience, organizational resilience, engineering
   resilience, technological resilience, and infrastructural resilience in
   megaprojects can improve the ability to prevent, respond to, and adapt to
   construction safety incidents.  Engineering resilience (27.28%) and
   technological resilience (21.72%) are the most important and have the
   strongest effect on preventing and controlling construction safety risks.
   Moreover, degrading the complexity of construction safety risks and real-
   time adjustment of safety risk control strategies through resilient means
   can reduce risk management delays and effectively improve the efficiency of
   construction safety management.  © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
DE construction safety; dynamic system; megaprojects; resilient governance
ID construction safety; entry point; indicators systems; mega projects;
   megaprojects; resilient governance; safety accidents; safety incidents;
   safety management; safety risks; article; causality; engineering resilience;
   entropy; factor analysis; female; human; infrastructural resilience;
   institutional resilience; male; organizational resilience; risk management;
   safety; simulation; social resilience; technique for order preference by
   similarity to ideal solution; technological resilience; risk management

---

UT 218
AR Ye L, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P71, DOI 10.1145/3644479.3644492
TI System Simulation of the Balanced Evolution Model of Network Education
   Information Ecosystem in a Data Intelligence Environment
AU Ye L
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB In the era of data intelligence, the network education information ecosystem
   exhibits the characteristics of multimodality and large information
   capacity, which will have an impact on the balance of the network education
   information ecosystem.  The existing information ecosystem evolution models
   are less involved in the field of network education.  Therefore, it is
   necessary to construct an evolution model for the balance of the network
   education information ecosystem and conduct system simulation.  This article
   mainly consists of three parts.  Firstly, use Citespace software to conduct
   quantitative analysis of literature data on the information ecosystem.
   Secondly, construct an evolution model from three aspects which contain
   information subject, information, and information environment, establish a
   causal relationship diagram of the evolution model, obtain two positive
   feedback loops, draw a stock flow diagram of the evolution model, set the
   main equations for variables in the model, and assign values to constants.
   Thirdly, use the system dynamics software Vensim to simulate the changing
   trend of the evolution model.  © 2023 ACM.
DE data intelligence; evolution model; information ecosystem; system simulation
ID citespace; data intelligence; ecosystem evolution; education information
   ecosystems; evolution modeling; information ecosystems; literature data;
   multi-modality; network education; system simulations; ecosystems

---

UT 219
AR Xiang L, 2025, PROC INT CONF MANAG SCI COMPUT ENG MSCE, P571, DOI
   10.1145/3760023.3760115
TI Simulation study on collaborative governance of passenger car consumption
   upgrading driven by new quality productivity Analysis of Policy Technology
   Demand Dynamic Coupling Model Based on Vensim
AU Xiang L; Zhu Y/3; Liu J/2; Cao Q
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF MANAG SCI COMPUT ENG MSCE
PY 2025
AB New quality productivity, with “green, efficient, digital intelligence” as
   its core characteristics, is driving China’s passenger car consumption
   demand to transition towards intelligence and electrification.  In response
   to the question of how the Chinese passenger car market, technology, and
   government can play a role in achieving consumption upgrading under the
   drive of new quality productivity, this study constructs a “policy
   technology demand” dynamic coupling collaborative governance model and
   reveals this relationship through Vensim simulation.  Research has found
   that an increase in government subsidy intensity will enhance the
   penetration rate of new energy in China, strengthening technological
   investment will increase the penetration rate of intelligent connected
   vehicles.  It is suggested that the government implement precise policies to
   promote consumption upgrading, adapt enterprise technology to demand
   differentiation, guide consumer demand and build capacity, and jointly
   promote the upgrading of passenger car consumption and the coordinated
   development of the industry.  © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s)
DE collaborative governance; system dynamics; upgrade of passenger car
   consumption; vensim
ID information systems; investments; public policy; system theory; car markets;
   collaborative governances; dynamic coupling model; model-based opc;
   penetration rates; productivity analysis; simulation studies; system
   dynamics; upgrade of passenger car consumption; vensim; automobiles

---

UT 220
AR Nezamkhiavy K, 2025, ISH J HYDRAUL ENG, V31, P344, DOI
   10.1080/09715010.2025.2467687
TI Developing a simulation-optimization model for eutrophication management
   using system dynamics approach: a case study of Karkheh Dam reservoir
AU Nezamkhiavy K; Safarzadeh A; Masoumi F
TC 0
SO ISH J HYDRAUL ENG
PY 2025
AB This research developed a sophisticated simulation-optimization model using
   a system dynamics (SD) approach integrated with MATLAB Simulink, targeting
   eutrophication management in dam reservoirs.  Eutrophication, marked by
   overgrowth of algae due to nutrient excess, is a significant threat to water
   quality in these systems, with the Karkheh Dam reservoir in Iran serving as
   the focal case study.  To capture the dynamics of eutrophication, the
   reservoir was divided into three vertical layers, facilitating a nuanced
   analysis of thermal stratification’s effects on nutrient and dissolved
   oxygen distribution.  Mathematical relationships pertinent to key
   eutrophication indicators—phosphorus, nitrogen, and dissolved oxygen
   concentrations—were meticulously developed for each layer, culminating in a
   comprehensive SD model.  The model’s outputs were compared against two
   established frameworks, Vensim and CE-QUAL-W2, over one year, employing
   statistical metrics such as Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) and correlation
   coefficients to assess accuracy.  The Simulink model demonstrated superior
   predictive performance, particularly regarding chlorophyll-a and dissolved
   oxygen levels.  Further, integrating a genetic algorithm (GA) with the SD
   model led to a GA-Simulink model, optimizing water release strategies over
   15 years.  This model operated 29 times faster than GA-CE-QUAL-W2,
   underscoring its effectiveness for efficient environmental management in
   reservoir systems.  © 2025 Indian Society for Hydraulics.
DE ce-qual-w2; eutrophication; matlab simulink; simulation-optimization; system
   dynamics
ID embankment dams; reservoirs ( water ); systems analysis; case-studies; ce-
   qual-w2; dam reservoirs; matlab/ simulink; simulation-optimization;
   simulation-optimization models; simulink models; system dynamics; system
   dynamics approach; system dynamics modeling; eutrophication

---

UT 221
AR Li W/1, 2022, W RESOUR PROT, V38, P51, DOI
   10.3880/j.issn.1004-6933.2022.05.008
TI Emergency management model of urban waterlogging disaster based on system
   dynamics
AU Li W/1; Jiang R; Xie J/1; Zhao Y/4; Zhu J; Yang S/1
TC 7
SO W RESOUR PROT
PY 2022
AB The system dynamics (SD) model of urban waterlogging emergency management is
   established by using the method of SD. On the basis of determining the
   weight of the model variables, the dynamic simulation and sensitivity
   analysis of the event are realized by building the model equation and
   drawing the causal circuit diagram and the stock flow diagram of the
   waterlogging disaster event.  The SD model is applied to the simulation
   analysis of a typical waterlogging disaster event in Xi'an.  The results
   show that with the increase of time, increase the control of technical
   factors, social factors, management factors and natural factors, and the
   emergency management effect of urban waterlogging disasters tends to be
   better.  Different variables in the SD model have different effects on the
   emergency management of urban waterlogging disasters.  It is necessary to
   continuously improve the emergency plan, strengthen the construction of
   urban drainage network, and improve the timeliness of emergency decision-
   making.  © 2022, Editorial Board of Water Resources Protection.  All rights
   reserved.
DE emergency management model; system dynamics; urban waterlogging disaster;
   vensim software; xian city
ID civil defense; decision making; risk management; sensitivity analysis;
   system theory; emergency management; emergency management model; management
   is; management model; model variables; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; urban waterlogging disaster; vensim softwares; xian cities;
   disasters

---

UT 222
AR Feng R, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13040269
TI Research on Autonomous Vehicle Technology Innovation Ecosystem in China
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Feng R; Liu Y/14; Li M/4; Zhou F
TC 3
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB Based on the perspective of an innovation ecosystem, the system dynamics
   research method is used to construct a technological innovation ecosystem
   model of autonomous vehicles in China.  Vensim PLE software was used for
   simulation to obtain the development trend of technological innovation from
   2015 to 2030 and to explore the impact of various elements inside the system
   on the overall system.  This research finds that the dynamic mechanism of
   China’s autonomous vehicle technology innovation ecosystem mainly includes
   the innovation resource supply subsystem, the technology innovation
   diffusion subsystem, and the incentive and guarantee subsystem.  Each
   subsystem interacts to jointly promote continuous innovation and iterative
   upgrading of technology.  Education investment, infrastructure construction,
   innovation platform construction, and other factors all have a positive
   impact on the technological innovation level of autonomous vehicles, and the
   effect of multiple parameter changes is far more significant than that of
   single factor changes.  The number of research and development patents,
   level of technological innovation, actual adopters of technological
   innovation, and benefits of technological innovation are all showing a good
   growth trend in the future.  Accordingly, it is concluded that there should
   be optimization of scientific research investment strategies, acceleration
   of infrastructure layout, and expansion of application scenarios.  These
   insights provide a theoretical basis and practical guidance for promoting
   the high-quality development of autonomous vehicle technology in China.  ©
   2025 by the authors.
DE autonomous vehicle; innovation ecosystems; system dynamics; technological
   innovation
ID biotechnology; educational technology; system theory; technology transfer;
   autonomous vehicle technologies; autonomous vehicles; development trends;
   dynamic researches; ecosystem model; innovation ecosystem; research method;
   system dynamics; technological innovation; technology innovation; patents
   and inventions

---

UT 223
AR Yan B/1, 2024, J SAF ENV, V24, P2693, DOI
   10.13637/j.issn.1009-6094.2023.1692
TI Influence factors of construction enterprises' willingness to apply digital
   technology in safety management; [施工企业在安全管理中应用数字化技术意愿的影响因素研究]
AU Yan B/1; Li B/1
TC 0
SO J SAF ENV
PY 2024
AB From the perspective of construction site safety management, this study
   explores the main factors affecting the application of digital technology in
   construction enterprises and the influence degree of each factor.  Based on
   the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) and Technology-Organization-
   Environment (TOE) framework, the study establishes a system dynamics model
   to analyze construction enterprises' willingness to apply digital technology
   in safety management.  Through literature analysis and semi-structured
   interviews, 15 influence factors in 4 dimensions are identified.
   Furthermore, the system boundary values for each influencing factor are
   calculated.  According to the interaction between dimensions and influence
   factors, the causal diagrams and flow and stock diagrams of the system are
   constructed.  Subsequently, this study uses the G1 weighting method and the
   entropy method, considering subjective weights, objective weights, and
   comprehensive weights, to assess the significance of each factor and
   dimension within the system.  Finally, system equations are constructed and
   Vensim PLE software is used to take simulation of the system.  The analysis
   results show that the willingness of construction enterprises to apply
   digital technology in safety management is a complex dynamic system.  In the
   initial simulation, all four dimensions collaboratively promote the growth
   of the overall application intention, with organizational and perceived
   effectiveness dimensions exhibiting greater influence than the technology
   and environmental dimensions.  Furthermore, the results of dimension
   sensitivity analysis reveal that the organizational dimension and the
   environment dimension sensitivity are greater than the perceived
   effectiveness dimension and the technology dimension, and the impact on the
   application intention system is more obvious.  After the sensitivity
   analysis of the influence factors one by one, it is found that the most
   sensitive influence factors in each dimension are perceived usefulness,
   enterprise importance, technology optimization, and policy support,
   indicating that the change of application intention is more obvious when
   they change, and they belong to the key influence factors in the system.  ©
   2024 Science China Press.  All rights reserved.
DE digital technology; influence factor; safety social engineering; system
   dynamics; willingness

---

UT 224
AR [Anonymous], 2024, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V1388, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/1388/1/012047
TI Mapping the vicious cycles of community gold mining (CGM): a case study of
   the CGM sites at Sukabumi Regency, Indonesia
TC 1
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2024
AB Community Gold Mining (CGM) in Indonesia faces significant challenges, with
   a specific concern being the use of mercury.  Mercury is a highly toxic
   chemical commonly utilized in the Trommel Mercury (TM) gold extraction
   method, known locally as the Glundung method.  Although the government has
   initiated programs to reduce mercury usage, such as encouraging researchers
   to develop non-mercury gold extraction methods, progress has been slow, and
   the impact has been limited.  The growth of new CGM sites is outpacing these
   efforts, leading to an increased use of mercury and unmanageable chemical
   risks.  Previous research has identified a vicious cycle within the CGM
   sector.  However, no existing model illustrates this cycle.  This study
   seeks to map the scope of CGM at its essential stages and translate them
   into variables to create a causal and basic model.  However, Sukabumi
   Regency in Indonesia hosts numerous CGM sites, and a case study was
   conducted in the Simpenan Sub-District between 2018 and 2020. A recent site
   visit in August 2023 revealed continued growth in CGM site numbers within
   the broader area.  This growth corresponds to an increase in mercury
   released into the environment, which poses a growing threat to public
   health.  The study employed ArcGIS and Powersim 10 System Dynamics Software,
   utilizing data collected through observations, investigative methods, and
   reference studies.  The results include two significant contributions:
   first, a model of current CGM activities in the form of a Causal Loops
   Diagram (CLD) called "the Turtle Map CLD Model of the CGM". Second, a model
   depicting "the vicious cycle of CGM" highlights problematic stages within
   CGM. Both models represent the current state of CGM in Indonesia, showcasing
   the existence of vicious cycles in ongoing CGM sites.  These models can
   guide future efforts to identify progressive solutions, especially in
   support of programs aimed at reducing mercury usage.  © 2024 Institute of
   Physics Publishing.  All rights reserved.
DE causal loop turtle map model; community gold mining; mapping cgm activity;
   mercury reduction program; vicious-cycle of cgm model

---

UT 225
AR Mbuta DM, 2022, SCI REP, V12, DOI 10.1038/s41598-022-24339-7
TI Household perception and infestation dynamics of bedbugs among residential
   communities and its potential distribution in Africa
AU Mbuta DM; Khamis FM; Sokame BM/1; Ng’ong’a F; Akutse KS
TC 7
SO SCI REP
PY 2022
AB Bedbugs have experienced an extraordinary upsurge in the recent past across
   the world.  This cross-sectional study aimed to explore the community
   perception of the pest outbreaks, the population dynamics, and dispersal
   patterns under different habitat systems.  A survey was conducted within
   communities in nine counties in Kenya, where geographical coordinates of the
   sites of bedbug presence were recorded and maximum entropy distribution
   modelling (MaxEnt) was used to map and predict the potentially suitable
   habitat, while system thinking and system dynamics approach with Vensim PLE
   8.0.9 software was applied to implement bedbug infestation dynamics.  Our
   results indicated that majority of the respondents had ample knowledge on
   bedbugs and were concerned about the physico-psychologic and socio-economic
   health effects.  Spatial distribution analysis showed regions in Kenya with
   optimal to suitable for bedbug occurrence in the whole country, and similar
   results were found at continental level across Africa.  Furthermore,
   infestation dynamics results showed a rapid mobility of bedbug from one
   house to another.  In terms of management strategies, the models showed that
   the combination of chemical with other control methods was considerably much
   more effective compared to the use of chemical approach only, appointing
   integrated pest management strategy as a better intervention approach in
   controlling the pest.  © 2022, The Author(s).
ID animals; bedbugs; cross-sectional studies; ectoparasitic infestations;
   kenya; perception; animal; cimex; cross-sectional study; ectoparasitosis;
   kenya; perception

---

UT 226
AR [Anonymous], 2025, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V1510, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/1510/1/012005
TI System dynamics modeling for the protection of sustainable food agricultural
   land in Southwest Aceh Regency
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2025
AB Southwest Aceh Regency, one of the rice-producing areas in Aceh Province,
   has experienced changes in rice field area due to population growth and land
   use conversion, impacting food security.  This research aims to design a
   system dynamics model to assess future availability of rice fields and rice
   food.  Secondary data from relevant agencies include population growth, rice
   field area, paddy production, consumption, and land use conversion
   coefficients.  The research method uses system dynamics modeling with a
   cause-effect approach in Causal Loop Diagram (CLD) and Stock Flow Diagram
   (SFD) using Powersim Studio 10 software.  The results show that changes in
   agricultural land use are triggered by population growth, reducing harvest
   area and paddy production.  The simulation identified several key scenarios
   for sustainable food agricultural land, namely: (1) increasing production
   facilities with certified superior seeds can increase yields to 90,000 tons
   by 2045, (2) providing government incentives through DAK and DAU funds for
   equipment assistance and accelerating land certification can maintain 6,500
   hectares of rice fields by 2045 and reduce land use conversion by 0.16% per
   year.  Managing feedback from complex systems will result in actionable
   solutions.  With CLD and model simulation through Powersim, strategic
   policies can be formulated to address sustainable agricultural land use
   changes in Southwest Aceh Regency.  © Published under licence by IOP
   Publishing Ltd.

---

UT 227
AR Xu M/1, 2024, J CLIENT CENT NURS CARE, V10, P45, DOI 10.32598/JCCNC.10.1.513
TI Application of A System Dynamics Model in Forecasting the Effect of Self-
   care Ability on the Quality of Life of Mildly Disabled Elderly in Nursing
   Homes
AU Xu M/1; Mohd Hashim AH; Chen Z/2
TC 1
SO J CLIENT CENT NURS CARE
PY 2024
AB Background: The large number of mildly disabled elderly people in China has
   resulted in the occupation of a large amount of public social resources.
   They have also imposed a serious social burden on the society.  This study
   predicts that changes in the level coefficients of physical functioning,
   motor participation, and external environment are associated with quality of
   life (QoL) among the elderly with mild disabilities in nursing homes.
   Methods: A simulation model was created using the system dynamics method.
   Meanwhile, a 50-day simulation was used to predict the subsequent changes in
   the level of QoL of the elderly.  This study was completed in the nursing
   homes of Chengdu, China, using random sampling and 85 elderly subjects
   participated to obtain the primary data.  The data were analyzed using the
   Vensim software.  Results: The results showed that the level of physical
   functioning (pain value of 0.241, autonomy of 0.163, and chronic disease of
   0.192), the level of motor participation (education value of 0.186, and
   rehabilitation partner of 0.21), and the level of external environment
   (medical care value of 0.26, and rehabilitation environment value of 0.184)
   lead to subsequent changes in the level of QoL of mildly disabled elderly in
   nursing homes in 30 days.  Conclusion: Considering the results of this
   simulation study, changes in the level of physical functioning, exercise
   participation, and external environment could forecast the QoL of mildly
   disabled elderly in the nursing homes of Chania, China.  It is necessary to
   make the required changes in the nursing homes to promote the QoL of these
   groups.  © 2024 Iran University of Medical Sciences.  All rights reserved.
DE nursing homes elderly; quality of life; self-care

---

UT 228
AR Zhang W, 2021, IND MANAG DATA SYS, V121, P2738, DOI
   10.1108/IMDS-12-2020-0735
TI A cost evaluation model for IoT-enabled prefabricated construction supply
   chain management
AU Zhang W; Kang K; Zhong RY
TC 37
SO IND MANAG DATA SYS
PY 2021
AB Purpose: This paper proposes an evaluation model for prefabricated
   construction to guide a supply chain with controllable costs.  Prefabricated
   construction is prevalent due to area limitations.  Nevertheless, the
   development is limited by budget control and identifying the factors
   affecting cost.  The degree of close collaboration in the supply chain is
   closely interconnected with cost performance that includes direct and
   indirect factors.  This paper not only quantizes these factors but also
   distinguishes the degree of influence of various factors.
   Design/methodology/approach: System dynamics is applied to simulate and
   analyze the construction cost factors through Vensim software.  It can also
   clarify the relationship between cost and other influencing factors.  The
   input data are collected from an Internet of Things (IoT)-enabled system
   under a Building Information Modeling (BIM) system and Hong Kong government
   reports.  Findings: Simulation results indicate that prefabricated
   construction cost is mainly influenced by government promotion degree (GPD),
   working pressure from on-site construction (WPOSC), prefab quality (PQ),
   load-bearing capacity per vehicle (LBPV) and mold quality (MQ). However, it
   is more sensitive toward GPD, which indicates that the government should
   take measures to promote this construction technology.  On-site worker
   management is also essential for the assembly process and indirectly
   influences the construction cost.  Research limitations/implications: This
   paper quantifies indirect influential factors to clarify the specific
   features for prefabricated construction.  The investigated factors are
   limited.  Practical implications: The contractor can identify all factors
   and classify the levels of influence to make decisions under the supply
   chain system boundary.  Social implications: The input data are collected
   from an IoT-enabled system under a BIM system and Hong Kong government
   reports.  Thus, the relationship between construction cost influential
   factors can be investigated.  Originality/value: This paper quantifies
   indirect influencing factors and clarifies the specific features in
   prefabricated construction.  The contractor could identify these factors to
   make decisions and classify the levels of influence under the supply chain
   system boundary.  © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE cost evaluation; prefabricated construction; supply chain management
ID architectural design; budget control; contractors; human resource
   management; input output programs; internet of things; inventory control;
   prefabricated construction; supply chain management; building information
   modelbim; construction supply chain management; construction technologies;
   design/methodology/approach; internet of things ( iot ); load-bearing
   capacity; on-site construction; supply chain systems; costs

---

UT 229
AR Wu Z/3, 2022, IEEE ACCESS, V10, P86470, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3198938
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Simulation of Human Capital Fractal Dimension
   of the R&D Team
AU Wu Z/3; Wang J; Feng X/1; Pang W; Hou J/2
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2022
AB In the era of the knowledge economy, innovation and R&D has been paid more
   and more attention by people.  The importance of the R&D team in improving
   the innovation performance of an enterprise is self-evident.  Furthermore,
   due to the unique human capital characteristics of the R&D team members,
   fractal research on the human capital of the R&D team is very necessary.  On
   this basis, this paper builds the human capital fractal model of the R&D
   team, uses the Vensim PLE simulation analysis environment for simulation
   analysis, and draws the research conclusions: the R&D team's desire to
   improve human capital, the R&D team's desire to integrate knowledge, and the
   R&D team's human capital increase.The increase in the amount of R&D team
   will positively affect the human capital of the R&D team, however, the
   change of the decrease in the amount of the human capital of the R&D team
   will negatively affect the human capital of the R&D team.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE human capital; r and d team; simulation modeling; system dynamics
ID economics; fractal dimension; personnel; human capitals; knowledge economy;
   qualification; r and d team; research and development; simulation;
   simulation analysis; simulation-modelling; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling and simulations; system theory

---

UT 230
AR Karamouz M, 2021, J IRRIG DRAIN ENG, V147, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)IR.1943-4774.0001550
TI Dynamics of Water Allocation: Tradeoffs between Allocator's and Farmers'
   Benefits of Irrigation Practices
AU Karamouz M; Barkhordari H; Ebrahimi E
TC 5
SO J IRRIG DRAIN ENG
PY 2021
AB Water dependencies and agricultural expansion have led to a remarkable
   increase in water demand.  Proper management of water supply and demand is a
   crucial challenge in planning for sustainable development.  Because the
   prevailing water allocation system in developing countries is based on low
   tariffs, particularly in the agricultural sector, a robust accounting cannot
   be implemented.  The objective of this paper is to investigate the economic
   value of a change from gravity to drip irrigation using groundwater
   resources.  It is implemented in the Rafsanjan plain, in central Iran, where
   the irrigation practices lead to unsustainable use of groundwater.  In this
   area, the allocator (water authority board) is a governmental agency that
   can receive funding from other governmental agencies to affect water use
   policies.  Considering the benefits accrued to the allocator and farmers
   (benefit for all agricultural water uses), the optimal investment in
   converting gravity irrigation systems to drip irrigation is determined.  An
   economic framework is proposed with two simulation models [Water Evaluation
   and Planning (WEAP) and Vensim] to evaluate the dynamics of the water use
   benefits.  According to the results, with expenditures of $65 million/year
   over a 25-year horizon, the discounted benefit to allocator and farmers in
   the year 2011 would be $60.48 and $911.9 million, respectively.  The
   framework outlined can provide a mechanism to allocate water in a more
   precise way as well as to determine the economic value of water in the
   agricultural sector.  The proposed methodology can be applied to other
   geographic settings.  © 2021 American Society of Civil Engineers.
DE economic assessment; system dynamics; water allocation; water supply and
   demand
ID iran; kerman [ iran ]; rafsanjan; agricultural robots; developing countries;
   economics; groundwater; groundwater resources; irrigation; water supply;
   agricultural expansion; agricultural sector; agricultural water use;
   economic value of water; gravity irrigation systems; irrigation practices;
   optimal investments; water supply and demands; drip irrigation; economic
   analysis; groundwater resource; trade-off; water demand; water management;
   water supply; water management

---

UT 231
AR Yousefi S, 2022, INT J ENV SCI TECHNOL, V19, P10691, DOI
   10.1007/s13762-022-04469-1
TI Designing an investment model and developing irrigation systems for
   sustainable management of water resources using a dynamic systems approach
AU Yousefi S; Mirdamadi SM; Hosseini SJF; Lashgarara F
TC 2
SO INT J ENV SCI TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB Unsustainable groundwater management in Iran threatens the agriculture
   sector and food security because 62% of the country's lands are irrigated
   through groundwater, while the irrigation efficiency of this sector is low
   (35%). Therefore, it is necessary to manage groundwater level.  This study
   was conducted aimed to achieve the sustainability of water resources in West
   Azerbaijan Province using system dynamics approach.  Using statistical data
   of previous years (1991–2018), the model was developed by VENSIM software.
   After testing the model and ensuring its efficiency, scenarios of investment
   and development of irrigation systems to improve the annual irrigation
   efficiency by 0.5% were introduced to the model and implemented in order to
   investigate the effectiveness of other scenarios such as enhancing
   population (fertility stability with rate of 2.11 children, reduction in
   fertility with fertility rate of 1.95 children, reduction in fertility with
   fertility rate of 1.5 children and increase in fertility with fertility rate
   of 2.6 children) and climate (normal precipitation, −20% and + 20%), low-
   water use crop pattern, 20% reduction in area under cultivation,
   participation and educational scenarios in combination in the model.
   According to the study results, with the continuation of the current crop
   pattern under all population scenarios and precipitation, agricultural water
   demand from groundwater is constantly increasing and water supply is
   reducing.  The scenario of development of irrigation systems in combination
   with other research scenarios, with a reduction by 48.23% in the demand for
   agricultural water from groundwater increased available groundwater under
   drought (−20% of precipitation) 3.05 times, in normal precipitation 1.59
   times and by increasing precipitation (+ 20%) 1.07 times by 2051. Under
   these scenarios, with a 15% improvement in irrigation efficiency and an
   increase by 1.32 in agricultural water use efficiency, total water
   production will increase by 20.47% and total profit will increase by 26.87%
   by 2051. Therefore, the continuation of these policies can become a
   sustainable model in the agriculture sector and help the sustainability of
   water resources by preventing reducing groundwater levels.  © 2022, The
   Author(s) under exclusive licence to Iranian Society of Environmentalists
   (IRSEN) and Science and Research Branch, Islamic Azad University.
DE climatic scenarios; economic-policy making scenarios; groundwater resources;
   improving the cropping pattern; management activities; simulation
ID iran; west azerbaijan; climate models; crops; cultivation; economics;
   efficiency; food supply; groundwater resources; irrigation; sustainable
   development; water management; water supply; climatic scenarios; economic
   policies; economic-policy making scenario; improving the cropping pattern;
   irrigation systems; management activities; policy making; simulation; waters
   resources; climate conditions; dynamic analysis; economic-policy;
   groundwater; irrigation system; simulation; sustainable development; water
   resource; groundwater

---

UT 232
AR Bross L, 2021, SYST, V9, P1, DOI 10.3390/systems9010002
TI Will there be enough water?  A system dynamics model to investigate the
   effective use of limited resources for emergency water supply
AU Bross L; Krause S
TC 5
SO SYST
PY 2021
AB The increased probability of occurrence of various hazards to water supply
   systems due to climate change requires the strengthening of their resilience
   through effective emergency preparedness planning.  This paper introduces a
   method for the assessment of the resilience of water supply systems,
   including emergency supply measures.  With 20 uniquely defined emergency
   situations, the technical constellations for possible impairments of the
   water supply are documented.  The system analysis developed for each
   emergency situation is then used to determine and prioritise all suitable
   supply measures to reduce the supply deficit.  Based on the data of a water
   utility close to Frankfurt, Germany, the developed system dynamics model was
   used to examine the resource utilisation for the respective emergency
   situations and to estimate the amount of water provided.  The model allows
   us to scrutinize and compare emergency water supply measures as well as to
   identify required resources.  Furthermore, the method helps us to prioritize
   measures as well as to make decisions when planning and providing emergency
   water supply (EWS). © 2021 by the authors.
DE crisis; critical infrastructure; disaster; drinking water; resilience; risk
   management; risk reduction; sd; vensim

---

UT 233
AR [Anonymous], 2021, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V667, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/667/1/012086
TI System dynamics modeling of agricultural land conversion in Aceh Besar
   District
TC 2
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2021
AB The purpose of this study is to design a sub-model as a policy strategy
   alternative in controlling agricultural land conversion.  Method applied in
   this study is system dynamics, a modelling approach based on systems
   thinking which uses the perspectives of information feedback and delay to
   understand the complex behavior of physical, biological, and social systems
   in agricultural land conversion.  The study utilized Vensim DSS software to
   perform the model formulation and the simulation.  The computation obtained
   six main sub-models applicable in the design process of control models for
   the transfer of functions of agricultural land in Aceh Besar District.  The
   sub-models concern population, settlements, industry, rice fields, forests
   and fields, and rice stock.  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing
   Ltd.
ID agricultural robots; computer software; system theory; agricultural land;
   design process; information feedback; model formulation; policy strategies;
   system dynamics; system dynamics model; systems thinking; agriculture

---

UT 234
AR He Y/3, 2021, PROC - IEEE SUSTAIN POWER ENERGY CONF ENERGY TRANSIT CARBON
   NEUTRALITY ISPEC, P2287, DOI 10.1109/iSPEC53008.2021.9735833
TI National Energy Demand And Carbon Emission Forecast Under The 'Carbon peak
   and Carbon neutrality' Target Based On System Dynamic
AU He Y/3; Wu S/2; Liang Y/1; Chen B/1; Ding H/1; Ge Y
TC 4
SO PROC - IEEE SUSTAIN POWER ENERGY CONF ENERGY TRANSIT CARBON NEUTRALITY ISPEC
PY 2021
AB Energy is a crucial material basis for economic development and social
   progress.  It is also an essential factor affecting the human living
   environment.  Under the target of 'Carbon peak and Carbon neutrality, ' the
   scientific and reasonable construction of energy models and forecasting
   energy demand and carbon emission can provide reference and basis for
   formulating energy policies.  Based on the analysis of domestic energy
   supply and demand, this paper constructs a System Dynamics model of Chinese
   energy structure and carbon emission, uses Vensim PLE software for modeling
   and simulation to forecast the energy supply, demand, and carbon emission
   from 2020 to 2060, suggesting that the domestic energy structure is in
   transition, and vigorously developing clean energy is the inevitable choice
   to achieve the 'Carbon peak and Carbon neutrality' target, which provides a
   reference for the government to formulate relevant policies.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE carbon peak and carbon neutrality target; energy consumption structure;
   energy forecasting; energy supply and demand; system dynamics
ID computer software; economics; energy policy; energy utilization;
   forecasting; system theory; carbon peak and carbon neutrality target; carbon
   carbons; carbon emissions; carbon neutralities; carbon peaks; domestic
   energy; energy consumption structure; energy demands; energy forecasting;
   system dynamics; carbon

---

UT 235
AR Ibrahim A, 2023, INT CONF SOFTW ENG COMPUT SYST ICSECS, P200, DOI
   10.1109/ICSECS58457.2023.10256349
TI Hand Calibration with Limited Data As the Initial Step Towards System
   Dynamics Model Validation for COVID-19 Case in Malaysia
AU Ibrahim A; Abdul Kadir TA; Macdonald RH; Daniyal H
TC 2
SO INT CONF SOFTW ENG COMPUT SYST ICSECS
PY 2023
AB This paper presents the manual calibration effort for the System Dynamics
   (SD) COVID-19 model for Malaysia.  This study aims to develop a COVID-19 SD
   model based on the COVID-19 scenario in Malaysia.  The SD model consisted of
   nine compartments and was adapted based on a standard disease SEIR model
   using Vensim software.  While the development of the model is still ongoing,
   an initial validation was carried out between 'Actively Infected' and the
   case data gathered from the Malaysia Ministry of Health's official COVID-19
   websites.  During this period, the parameters were manually adjusted by hand
   to align the model's output with the actual data.  The expected outcome was
   not easy to achieve, but the result was acceptable.  It is important to note
   that the lack of such strategies may compromise the model's validity due to
   uncertainty.  This paper also discusses the challenges posed by hand
   calibration, the lessons learned during this work, and the potential future
   implications of this work.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE covid-19 in malaysia; hand calibration; model validation; system dynamics;
   uncertainty
ID system theory; covid-19 in malaysia; dynamic model validation; hand
   calibration; limited data; malaysia; manual calibration; model validation;
   system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; uncertainty; covid-19

---

UT 236
AR Xue Y, 2025, DIABETES METAB SYNDR OBES, V18, P1695, DOI 10.2147/DMSO.S501149
TI Implementation of Clinical Services for Adults with Obesity in Different
   Health Systems: A Scoping Review and Causal Loop Diagram
AU Xue Y; Song M; Yu H/1; Chen X; Ung COL; Hu H/1
TC 0
SO DIABETES METAB SYNDR OBES
PY 2025
AB The medical needs of obesity have been underrecognized, though it has posed
   long-term and enormous challenges to global health.  Correspondingly,
   clinical services for obesity are still uncommon and in their infancy across
   health systems.  It is meaningful to sort out the implementation of such
   clinical services involving a multiplicity of factors to identify measures
   for service development, scaling-up and optimization.  This study aims to
   generate a comprehensive understanding of key variables and factors in the
   utilization and delivery of clinical services for adult patients with
   obesity and their dynamic patterns and to explore viable options for
   improved implementation of such services in health systems.  We conducted a
   scoping review of published articles in the database from the lens of system
   dynamics through causal loop diagramming.  Based on the data obtained from
   the review, we employed the causal loop diagramming as a tool to capture the
   variables in the implementation of clinical obesity services and their
   causal relationships.  Twenty-one studies were finally included in the
   review.  Based on the evidence consolidated through the review, we developed
   a causal loop diagram containing 19 causal variables and 38 causal arrows in
   single directions centered around the service utilization and delivery in
   the clinical obesity service.  The feedback loops revealed potential
   activation points to intervene to facilitate the service implementation,
   such as, promotion of obesity as a disease with medical needs and available
   clinical services, provision of obesity-specific medical education and
   training opportunities, and prioritization of obesity-specific procedures in
   clinical protocols.  The possible intervention points identified through the
   causal loop analysis can facilitate the development, implementation, and
   optimization of clinical obesity services in health systems.  © 2025 Xue et
   al.
DE adult obesity; causal loop diagram; clinical service; health systems;
   service implementation
ID adult obesity; article; body weight management; clinical service; electronic
   medical record; follow up; general practitioner; health care delivery;
   health care facility; health care system; health care utilization; health
   service; human; medical education; morbid obesity; perception; prevalence;
   primary health care; questionnaire; risk factor; scoping review; training

---

UT 237
AR Li S/4, 2021, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P58, DOI 10.1145/3477282.3477296
TI Modeling and Evolution Analysis of Community Residents' Prevention and
   Control Blockchain System for Public Health Emergencies
AU Li S/4; Ji X
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2021
AB In the process of prevention and control of public health emergencies, it is
   difficult to obtain and monitor the health behavior and status information
   of community residents in daily life and work environment, making community
   prevention management department face challenges in residents' epidemic risk
   prevention and control.  To fill this gap, this research trys to provide
   support to help residents to form good health behavior norms and offer
   suggestions for community prevention management department.  Combining the
   efficient and safe characteristics of the blockchain system, this research
   establishes an accurate and reliable community residents' epidemic
   prevention and control blockchain system dynamics model which includes
   community residents, epidemic prevention and control departments, residents'
   health behavior monitoring and incentive mechanisms.  The simulation
   experiment of four different scenarios was carried out based on Vensim.  The
   results show that the community supervision intensity is an indispensable
   and important factor in improving residents' health behavior norms.  To help
   residents develop healthy behavior habits, it is necessary to vigorously
   improving supervision intensity of health behaviors while increase the
   collecting health behavior intensity and the incentive for health behaviors.
   © 2021 ACM.
DE blockchain system; health behavior norms; public health emergency; system
   dynamic
ID disease control; health risks; public health; blockchain; blockchain system;
   health behavior norm; health behaviors; health emergencies; modeling
   analyzes; prevention and controls; prevention managements; public health
   emergency; system dynamics; blockchain

---

UT 238
AR Rasekh A, 2025, BIOFUELS, DOI 10.1080/17597269.2025.2547550
TI Water-energy nexus approach for assessment of biodiesel production from
   Jatropha via system dynamics modeling
AU Rasekh A; Fatemi Ghomi SMT
TC 1
SO BIOFUELS
PY 2025
AB This study examines the challenge of balancing water and energy resources in
   Jatropha-based biodiesel production in arid regions.  Although the water-
   energy nexus (WE) has been widely studied, its specific dynamics in
   Jatropha-based biodiesel production in water-stressed areas are less
   understood.  To address this issue, an innovative system dynamics (SD)
   approach was designed using VENSIM software, leading to the creation of an
   integrated SD-WE nexus model.  This model utilizes causal loops and flow
   diagrams to simulate interactions among the water, energy, and biodiesel
   subsystems.  Scenario analysis indicates that conventional biodiesel
   production could reduce water resources by 32 to 63% and consume up to 14
   billion cubic meters of water.  However, the Bioshare scenario, which
   optimizes bioenergy production, reduces water consumption and maintains
   groundwater sustainability.  The model has been validated through
   sensitivity analysis and data comparison, highlighting the urgent need for
   reforms in water management within Iran’s energy sector.  The SD-WE
   framework serves as a versatile tool for scenario testing, ensuring that
   biodiesel development aligns with water and energy security for sustainable
   policymaking.  © 2025 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
DE biodiesel; biomass; causal loop; renewable energy; system dynamics; water-
   energy nexus
ID biomass; dynamics; energy policy; groundwater; sensitivity analysis;
   sustainable development; system theory; water management; biodiesel
   production; causal loop; dynamic waters; jatropha; jatropha-based
   biodiesels; renewable energies; system dynamics; water and energies; water-
   energy; water-energy nexus; biodiesel

---

UT 239
AR Arias Marreros RR, 2021, INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL, V12, P620, DOI
   10.14569/IJACSA.2021.0120171
TI Study of Post-COVID-19 Employability in Peru through a Dynamic Model,
   Between 2020 and 2025
AU Arias Marreros RR; Nalvarte Dionisio KV; Romero Tuanama LA; Quiroz Gutarra
   JA; Andrade-Arenas L
TC 3
SO INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL
PY 2021
AB The research work is focused on the sector of the population that will have
   a job, taking into account that the pandemic was a problem that resulted in
   many people losing their jobs due to the economic crisis that affected all
   countries because the first half of the year 2020 the equivalent of 400
   million full-time jobs were lost and there was a 14% drop in working hours
   worldwide, also in Lima 1.2 million people were left without work.  For this
   reason, a dynamic analysis was developed for the projection of post-COVID19
   employability in Peru from 2020 to 2025 to obtain an approximate knowledge
   of the population's labor outlook, implementing system dynamics as a
   methodology since it includes this recommendation, given that any model
   built through its application will be based on the opinion of those involved
   in the system to be represented.  In this work, system dynamics is presented
   as a very useful methodology for the analysis of complex problems,
   developing the Forrester and causal diagram with the help of Vensim
   software.  As a result, the approximate number of jobs that will be
   available was visualized, and it was observed that the future of
   employability will be at risk, which is why a good government strategy is
   necessary so that this does not happen since people need to satisfy their
   professional, economic and development needs.  © 2021. All rights reserved.
DE employability; forrester diagram; population; system dynamics; vensim
ID complex problems; dynamics analysis; dynamics models; economic crisis;
   employability; forrester diagrams; its applications; population; vensim;
   working hours; system theory

---

UT 240
AR Gold N, 2025, AIAA AVIAT FORUM ASCEND, DOI 10.2514/6.2025-4116
TI A Knowledge Management Model of the U.S. Aerospace Labor Pool
AU Gold N
TC 0
SO AIAA AVIAT FORUM ASCEND
PY 2025
AB The aerospace industry labor force faces challenges to its long-term
   viability.  A record number of engineers within the industry are retiring,
   or otherwise leaving.  Concurrently, the labor force’s ability to transfer
   knowledge from those leaving to those in the industry, or entering it, is
   hindered by geographical distance, barriers to knowledge transfer,
   prioritization of labor yield, and the broad classification/restriction of
   information on many projects within aerospace.  These obstacles are
   relatively isolated to the aerospace industry, and will likely require
   industry-specific, tailored solutions.  Additionally, the industry is
   uniquely-suited to centralized planning due to the near monopsony of the
   United States government and stringent regulatory control.  To better
   characterize these effects, a systems dynamics model has been created
   utilizing Vensim PLE. This methodology looks at the U.S. Aerospace Labor
   Force’s knowledge as the system of interest, which is affected by various
   factors and feedback loops, including its productivity, profitability, and
   contribution to society.  In total, the objective of the model is to aid the
   investigation of methods to strengthen the labor force, and, if calibrated,
   predict its general trajectory.  © 2025, American Institute of Aeronautics
   and Astronautics Inc, AIAA. All rights reserved.
DE aerospace; aerospace engineering; aerospace industry; feedback loop;
   hypersonic weapons; intellectual property; international traffic in arms
   regulations; monte carlo method; space exploration; systems engineering
ID aviation; feedback; interplanetary flight; knowledge management; knowledge
   transfer; laws and legislation; space research; aerospace; feedback loops;
   hypersonic weapon; international traffic in arms regulations; knowledge
   management model; labor force; long-term viability; montecarlo methods;
   property; space explorations; aerospace industry

---

UT 241
AR Wang Y/12, 2022, J DALI JIAOTONG UNIV, V43, P13, DOI
   10.13291/j.cnki.djdxac.2022.05.003
TI Study on Influence of Changji Intercity on Regional Economic Development
AU Wang Y/12; Zhao J; Rong W
TC 1
SO J DALI JIAOTONG UNIV
PY 2022
AB In order to study further the contribution rate of high-speed railway to
   regional economy, Changji intercity railway is taken as the research object,
   and the parameters are determined.  The economic aggregate of Changji region
   and the economic aggregate of three industries are taken as the main
   economic indicators, and passenger and freight turnover are taken as the
   main transportation indicators.  With the help of VENSIM software, the
   system dynamic model of Changji intercity railway and Changji regional
   economic development is constructed.  Based on the analysis of the Changji
   intercity railway changes in regional economic economy and the calculation
   of its contribution rate to various industries.  The opening of the Changji
   intercity railway has optimized the industrial structure of the Changji
   region with increased economic benefits of surrounding areas and promoted
   steady economic growth.  © 2022 Editorial Office of Journal of Dalian
   Jiaotong University.  All rights reserved.
DE contribution rate; high-speed railway; regional economy; system dynamics

---

UT 242
AR Rahmati K, 2022, J HYDROL ENG, V27, DOI 10.1061/(ASCE)HE.1943-5584.0002197
TI System-Dynamics Approach to Multireservoir Energy Generation under Climate
   Change
AU Rahmati K; Ashofteh P-S; Afzali R/1; Loáiciga HA
TC 9
SO J HYDROL ENG
PY 2022
AB This paper evaluates several efficiency indexes of hydropower energy
   generation in Iran's Karkheh Basin water reservoir system (i.e., Seymareh
   and Karkheh Rivers) under climate change based on the system dynamics
   approach.  The climate change effects are investigated with simulations of
   surface temperature and rainfall driven by downscaled climate projections
   from atmosphere-ocean circulation models in the current literature, and the
   models with the highest correlation and lowest error for rainfall and
   temperature in the 1976-2005 baseline period are identified.  Rainfall and
   temperature are projected over two future periods, 2040-2069 and 2070-2099,
   and are downscaled to basin scale.  Results project that the basin
   temperature over future periods will be higher than in the baseline period.
   Downscaled results under climate change indicate that rainfall will not
   follow a specific pattern.  An artificial neural network applied to predict
   runoff indicates that the runoff and flood peak will decrease.  Software is
   implemented to simulate the operation of hydropower reservoirs in baseline
   and future periods.  Five reservoir operation states are considered, with
   simulation results of energy production showing that runoff and energy
   production have a complex pattern.  Seven indexes of hydropower reservoir
   efficiency are also calculated for the five operation states corresponding
   to targets of energy production.  © 2022 American Society of Civil
   Engineers.
DE climate change; efficiency indexes; multireservoir hydropower system; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID iran; karkheh basin; khuzestan; atmospheric temperature; climate change;
   climate models; flood control; floods; hydroelectric power; neural networks;
   reservoirs ( water ); runoff; surface temperature; system theory; efficiency
   index; energy generations; energy productions; hydropower reservoirs;
   hydropower system; multi reservoir; multireservoir hydropower system; system
   dynamics; system dynamics approach; vensim; air temperature; artificial
   neural network; climate change; climate effect; climate prediction; energy
   efficiency; energy use; hydroelectric power; power generation; rainfall;
   rain

---

UT 243
AR Fu G, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16146130
TI Simulation and Regulation of High-Quality Economic Development Based on
   System Dynamics and DPSIR Model
AU Fu G; Tang J/2
TC 6
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB The key to promoting high-quality economic development (HQED) is to identify
   the influencing factors and the complex relationships among them.  Under the
   guidance of China’s new development concept, we systematically analyze the
   factors influencing the HQED based on the DPSIR (Driver-Pressure-State-
   Impact-Response) model.  We also establish a system dynamics model and adopt
   Vensim PLE x64 software to simulate the impact of dynamic changes on HQED,
   which include innovation, coordination, green, openness, sharing systems,
   and their combinations.  The results show that increasing green investment
   is the most effective, followed by enhancing regional coordination,
   enhancing foreign trade, and improving human capital.  Among the studied
   factors, improving livelihood is the weakest.  For multiple policy
   scenarios, the balanced scenario is the most efficient, followed by the
   environment-oriented, and the weakest is the openness-oriented scenario.
   Interestingly, combined policies are also more effective than single
   policies, which does not always apply.  Furthermore, the effect of the
   policy combination is more obvious with the strengthening of the
   implementation intensity, which is important for policymakers.  © 2024 by
   the authors.
DE dpsir; hqed; regulation; simulation modeling; system dynamics
ID china; economic development; economic-policy; ecosystem dynamics;
   environmental impact; human capital; international trade; livelihood;
   software; standard ( regulation )

---

UT 244
AR Zhao P/1, 2022, TUNN UNDERGR SP TECHNOL, V119, DOI
   10.1016/j.tust.2021.104213
TI System dynamics: A new approach for the evaluation of urban underground
   resource integrated development
AU Zhao P/1; Li X/16; Zhang W/3; Xiong Z; Xu W/1; Dai J; Deng L/1
TC 14
SO TUNN UNDERGR SP TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB The current scale and intensity of urban underground resources (UUR) are
   greater than ever, and the integrated development of UUR is of considerable
   significance for urban sustainable development.  However, insights on the
   characteristics of UUR interactions are limited, and thus a quantitative
   evaluation method is lacking.  In this study, we determined UUR interactions
   to have the following characteristics: spatiotemporal dynamics; multiple
   influencing factors; chain reactions and synergetic and conflicting
   coexistence.  Based on these characteristics, the system dynamics (SD)
   method was presented as a new approach to evaluate UUR interactions.
   Compared with existing methods, SD is not only highly consistent with the
   interaction characteristics of UUR, but can also quantitatively analyze UUR.
   Furthermore, by taking the integrated development of geomaterial and urban
   underground space as a case study, the integrated development impacts were
   quantitatively evaluated via an integrated two-stage dynamic SD model
   through Vensim®. The simulation results demonstrate that the GM production
   of the newly built Beijing subway (991 km, 531 stations) during 2018–2023
   can be reduced from 2.07 × 107m3 to 1.33 × 107m3 by integrated development.
   Moreover, the integrated development achieved favourable environmental
   impacts, including reductions in the energy consumption from 4.07 × 107kgce
   to 2.62 × 107 kgce; greenhouse gas emissions from 3.59 × 107kg to 2.31 ×
   107kg; and landfill space occupation from 9.24 × 106 m3 to 5.95 × 106 m3.
   This study provides an SD tool for planners interested in the integrated
   development of UUR and acts as a reference for the assessment of the
   integrated development impacts.  © 2021
DE environmental impacts; integrated development; system dynamics; urban
   underground resources
ID beijing [ beijing ( ads )]; beijing [ china ]; china; energy utilization;
   environmental impact; gas emissions; greenhouse gasses; planning;
   sustainable development; current; chain reaction; development impacts;
   integrated development; new approaches; quantitative evaluation methods;
   spatiotemporal dynamics; underground resources; urban sustainable
   development; urban underground resource; computer simulation; energy use;
   environmental impact; greenhouse gas; integrated approach; landfill; metro
   system; quantitative analysis; spatiotemporal analysis; urban development;
   system theory

---

UT 245
AR Martín-Méndez Á, 2026, J NAT CONSERV, V89, DOI 10.1016/j.jnc.2025.127130
TI Management strategies for ungulate overpopulation in closed ecosystems: A
   system dynamics approach to Cabañeros National Park (Spain)
AU Martín-Méndez Á; Campuzano-Bolarín F
TC 0
SO J NAT CONSERV
PY 2026
AB Overabundant ungulate populations in predator-free protected areas always
   lead to vegetation loss, soil degradation, and disease outbreaks.  This
   study evaluates alternative management strategies for Cabañeros National
   Park (Spain) following the 2020 hunting ban.  Since then, the number of red
   deer (Cervus elaphus) and wild boar (Sus scrofa) has increased
   uncontrollably, causing rapid vegetation loss, soil erosion, and the
   emergence of density-dependent diseases.  To conduct this study, a systems
   dynamics simulation model was developed that integrates ungulate demography,
   vegetation biomass, and soil quality over a 15-year period (2015–2030).
   Three scenarios were tested: (i) continued no intervention, (ii)
   introduction of 10 wolves (Canis lupus signatus) in 2025, and (iii)
   reinstatement of selective hunting with an annual culling of 15%. Model
   calibration used monitoring data and literature-based parameter estimates,
   with sensitivity analyses used to identify key drivers.  As a result,
   ungulate biomass is projected to double by 2030, vegetation cover will
   decline below ecological thresholds, and soil organic matter will decline
   irreversibly.  Wolf introduction slows population growth but does not allow
   vegetation recovery within five years.  Selective hunting stabilizes
   ungulate numbers, restores vegetation above the threshold, and halves
   projected soil loss.  Sensitivity analyses highlight ungulate birth rates
   and hunting rates as the most influential parameters.  In conclusion, the
   model indicates that, under current conditions, regulated hunting is the
   only proven single-lever policy capable of achieving short-term ecological
   recovery.  The findings provide an evidence-based framework for decision-
   makers, emphasizing the need for timely intervention to prevent irreversible
   ecosystem degradation in Mediterranean protected areas.  © 2025 Elsevier
   GmbH
DE cabaneros; deer; modeling; system dynamics; vensim; wild boar; wolf
ID cabaneros national park; castilla-la mancha; spain; deer; environmental
   degradation; modeling; protected area; sensitivity analysis; soil organic
   matter; soil quality; vegetation cover; wild population

---

UT 246
AR Nooshiravani Y, 2021, HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION, V5, DOI
   10.18502/htaa.v5i3.9352
TI Simulation of Supply Chain Resilience Model of the Pharmaceutical Industry
   in the Country in the Supply of Remdesivir Using System Dynamics Approach
AU Nooshiravani Y; Bazai QA; Aligholi M
TC 3
SO HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION
PY 2021
AB Background: In the event of a crisis and epidemic of infectious disease,
   ensuring the proper and timely supply of necessary medicine is one of the
   main priorities of the health care system in any country.  Therefore, the
   present study investigates the resilience of the Iranian medicine supply
   chain using the system dynamics simulation method in increasing the level of
   access to Remdesivir.  Methods: This is a development-applied study to
   provide a model using the system dynamics approach, which first presents a
   rich image that is based on the model, and then cause-effect models
   appropriate to the observations made.  It was structured on the behavior of
   the system and also inspired by valid theories.  The effect of key factors
   affecting the supply chain resilience of the country’s pharmaceutical
   industry was designed and analyzed using a system dynamics approach using
   decision support system (DSS) Vensim software.  The time horizon considered
   for this research was 5 years, from 2019 to 2023. To predict and simulate
   the system dynamics model, the data collected from the questionnaires and
   the interviews with experts in this field were used.  Results: Based on the
   result of this study, it can be expected that by reducing the schedule
   pressure by 1 and 3 % during the time of the study, the resilience of the
   supply chain of remedesvir in the country upgraded to about 32% and 47%.
   Conclusions: According to the complexity of health care systems, it is
   difficult to recognize the interaction of different variables, therefore,
   the effect of interventions is not immediately recognizable and requires the
   passage of time.  In addition, the majority of the factors influencing
   health care outcomes are nonlinear.  Therefore, the use of simulation models
   can help to clarify the indirect behavior of complex health care problems.
   © 2021 Tehran University of Medical Sciences.
DE chain resilience; pharmaceutical industry; remdesivir; resilience;
   simulation; system dynamics approach

---

UT 247
AR Sadabadi AA, 2023, J ENV PLANN MANAG, V66, P1938, DOI
   10.1080/09640568.2022.2043837
TI Photovoltaic technological innovation system (PV TIS) in Iran: identifying
   barriers, incentives, dynamics and developing policies
AU Sadabadi AA; Rahimi Rad Z; Azimzadeh H
TC 8
SO J ENV PLANN MANAG
PY 2023
AB Transition to sustainable energies is a fast-growing field of research.
   Modeling complex systems can expand our possibilities in this field through
   quantitative analysis.  Photovoltaic technology is one the best potential
   energy sources in Iran but until now, this technology has not been diffused
   appropriately.  According to the review of research on PV TIS, it was found
   that in developing countries such as Iran, quantitative analyses based on
   simulation by system dynamics have not been performed and also, positive and
   negative effective factors on this system (incentives and barriers), not
   comprehensively identified.  Therefore, in this study, at first, positive
   and negative effective factors in the PV TIS of Iran were identified and in
   the next stage, innovation engines were extracted.  In order to develop
   improvement policies, Iran’s PV TIS has been modeled using a system dynamics
   approach, and quantitative analyzes related to its performance have been
   presented using Vensim Ple software.  Finally, in this study, some policies
   have been developed to promote PV TIS performance.  © 2022 Newcastle
   University.
DE incentives and barriers; photovoltaic ( pv ); policy making; system dynamics
   ( sd ); technological innovation system ( tis )
ID iran; alternative energy; developing world; energy policy; innovation;
   performance assessment; photovoltaic system; policy making; quantitative
   analysis; technological development

---

UT 248
AR Zhang X/5, 2022, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12158, DOI 10.1117/12.2626941
TI Study on the impact of prefabricated building cost system based on Vensim
   PLE
AU Zhang X/5; Tang Y
TC 2
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2022
AB The quality of prefabricated building is stable, the construction period is
   fast, and the environmental pollution in the construction process is low.
   But at present, because its' construction cost is higher than the
   traditional cast-in-situ concrete, especially in the production cost of
   components, transportation cost, installation cost and design cost etc., the
   development speed of prefabricated building is slowly.  According to the
   system dynamics and the prefabricated building cost theory, this paper
   constructs the prefabricated building cost causal loop model and the stock
   flow model.  The results show that in the early stage of the current market,
   the production technology is limited and the direct cost cannot be reduced.
   In order to reduce the cost of prefabricated buildings, policy support is
   needed to activate the market demand, and then feed back the production
   technology and the government to build a sustainable development route.  ©
   COPYRIGHT SPIE. Downloading of the abstract is permitted for personal use
   only.
DE component production; cost incremental; market demand; policy support;
   prefabricated building cost system
ID commerce; construction; sustainable development; building costs; component
   production; construction period; cost incremental; cost systems;
   environmental pollutions; market demand; policy support; prefabricated
   building cost system; production technology; cost reduction

---

UT 249
AR Sun L, 2023, J LIBR SCI AGRIC, V35, P28, DOI
   10.13998/j.cnki.issn1002-1248.23-0699
TI Influencing Factors of Scientific Data Value Increment Based on System
   Dynamics; [科学数据价值增值影响因素系统动力学仿真研究]
AU Sun L; Wang W; Sheng J
TC 1
SO J LIBR SCI AGRIC
PY 2023
AB [Purpose/Significance] To explore the influencing factors of the added value
   of scientific data and reveal the inherent development laws of the added
   value of scientific data.  [Method/Process] First, based on the interview
   data of 18 experts and the research results related to the value
   appreciation of scientific data in existing literature, the grounded theory
   method was adopted.  Through open coding, main-axis coding, and selective
   coding, 19 categories, 6 main categories, and 3 core categories were finally
   obtained.  From this, a theoretical model of the factors influencing the
   value appreciation of scientific data was obtained.  On this basis, the
   Vensim PLE tool was used to establish a dynamic model of the value
   appreciation system of scientific data, and the process of value
   appreciation of scientific data was dynamically simulated and analyzed to
   reveal the relationship between various influencing factors and the value
   appreciation of scientific data.  [Results/Conclusions] In the process of
   increasing the value of scientific data, the quality factor of raw data is a
   prerequisite, and high-quality raw scientific data are conducive to the
   integration and secondary development of subsequent scientific data.  The
   data literacy of data producers represented by researchers has the most
   significant impact on the quality of scientific data.  The level of data
   storage and payment has a significant impact on the added value of
   scientific data.  When the perceived effort and perceived risk of data
   storage and payment by researchers decrease, accompanied by the pressure of
   scientific data sharing policies, researchers become more likely to increase
   their willingness to save and pay, thereby significantly improving the scale
   effect of data storage and payment.  The organization and integration of
   scientific data is the key to the formation of value-added scientific data.
   Overall, the metadata quality has the most significant impact on the level
   of scientific data organization and integration.  The quality of metadata is
   the foundation of scientific data processing, classification, and
   integration.  The higher the quality of metadata, the more it helps to
   improve the level of scientific data organization and integration.  The
   sharing and development of scientific data is the key to realizing the
   value-added of scientific data.  It is the final step in realizing the
   value-added of scientific data.  In this process, the scale of scientific
   data openness, the quality of scientific data sharing platforms, and
   development capabilities all have a positive promoting effect on the level
   of scientific data sharing and development.  © 2024 Chinese Journal of
   Obstetrics and Gynecology/Zhonghua Fu Chan Ke Za Zhi.  All rights reserved.
DE data elements; fair; influencing factors; scientific data; system dynamics;
   value increment

---

UT 250
AR Sun H, 2022, BUILD, V12, DOI 10.3390/buildings12091361
TI Modelling and Optimizing Resource Management and Environmental Benefit of
   Construction and Demolition Waste: A Case Study in China
AU Sun H; Liu H; Tian J; Guo R; Xu Q; Yao L; Hong W; Li H; Zhu C
TC 13
SO BUILD
PY 2022
AB With the continuous promotion of urbanization, the generation of
   construction and demolition waste (CDW) is increasing.  The environmental
   problems and safety hazards caused as a result need to be resolved.  In this
   paper, based on the system dynamics (SD) theory, the modeling, the cost, and
   the environmental benefit of CDW resource management under the life cycle
   assessment (LCA) are proposed.  Specifically, we propose a combined policy
   derived through three variables, namely, fines, subsidies, and charges.  The
   target is to reduce illegal dumping behavior and landfill volume and to
   improve the recycling volume and environmental benefits.  The model is
   constructed with the help of the software VENSIM, and the validity and
   feasibility of the model are demonstrated with data from Nantong City.  The
   results show that a single policy cannot simultaneously improve
   environmental benefits, illegal dumping, recycling, and landfill behavior.
   A combined policy combines the advantages of three single policies, fines,
   subsidies, and charges, which not only can effectively curb illegal dumping
   and landfill disposal under the premise of prioritizing environmental
   benefits, but can also promote the recycling of CDW. The reasonable range
   for the fine is 300–350 CNY/ton; the rational range for subsidies is 30–40
   CNY/ton; and the flexible range for treatment charge is 40–80 CNY/ton.  The
   model can be used for the quantitative assessment of urban CDW management
   costs and environmental benefits and can also provide a theoretical basis
   for the government.  © 2022 by the authors.
DE construction and demolition waste ( cdw ); environmental benefit; life cycle
   assessment ( lca ); resource management; system dynamics ( sd )

---

UT 251
AR Yang X/4, 2022, INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN SYST ICCCS, P880, DOI
   10.1109/ICCCS55155.2022.9846290
TI Evolutionary Game Analysis of Manufacturing Resource Sharing in Automotive
   Supply Chain Based on Cloud Platform
AU Yang X/4; Liu Y/9; Wang L; Wei J/2
TC 4
SO INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN SYST ICCCS
PY 2022
AB This paper constructs an evolutionary game model of manufacturing resource
   sharing in automobile supply chain under cloud manufacturing environment to
   illustrate the evolutionary relationship of manufacturing resource sharing
   between component suppliers and automobile manufacturers.  In this paper, an
   system dynamics model is established based on Vensim, and the influence of
   parameter changes on the evolutionary equilibrium strategy is compared and
   analyzed.  The initial resource sharing amount, platform management ability,
   resource coordination ability, informatization coefficient, time benefit
   coefficient, trust coefficient and incentive coefficient are all positively
   correlated with the probability of resource sharing component suppliers and
   automobile manufacturers.  The cost of technology loss risk and the cost of
   access to cloud platform will prevent component suppliers or automobile
   manufacturers from sharing manufacturing resources.  The manufacturing
   resource conversion capability coefficient and penalty cost coefficient
   should be in a reasonable range to promote manufacturing resource sharing
   between component suppliers and automobile manufacturers.  The result of
   evolution can be used as a reference for cooperation and resource sharing in
   automobile manufacturing industry.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE automobile manufacturing industry; cloud platform; evolutionary game;
   manufacturing resource sharing; system dynamics
ID automobiles; supply chains; system theory; automobile manufacturers;
   automobile manufacturing; automobile manufacturing industry; cloud
   platforms; evolutionary games; manufacturing industries; manufacturing
   resource; manufacturing resource sharing; resources sharing; system
   dynamics; informatization

---

UT 252
AR Sunkur R, 2021, J AIR POLLUT HEAL, V6, P79, DOI 10.18502/japh.v6i2.7951
TI An assessment of the underlying relationship between land transportation and
   climate change: Case study Mauritius
AU Sunkur R; Naiko K; Agundhooa A; Jhugroo R; Bokhoree C
TC 1
SO J AIR POLLUT HEAL
PY 2021
AB Introduction: Land transportation encompasses the movement of people and
   goods and is therefore a major contributor of global greenhouses gases.  The
   main share of such emissions is mostly from the release of carbon dioxide
   into the air as a result of burning transportation fuels obtained from
   petroleum, a major driver of climate change.  While today the defining issue
   is a changing climate, the number of vehicles on roads keep on rising around
   the world.  Materials and methods: This study assessed the relationship
   between land transportation and climate change using a system dynamics model
   based on a 3-layered taxonomy using Mauritius Island as case study.  Over
   100 papers were analyzed and the variables that link land transportation and
   climate change in the Mauritian context were selected and a taxonomy divided
   into sub-units was built.  Results: This innovative taxonomy was divided
   into 3 sections related to the land transportation sector including a
   vehicle layer, transport system layer and society layer.  Using these
   variables, three stock and flow diagrams were constructed on Vensim, namely
   climate change impacts, transport related carbon dioxide and socio-economic
   models.  Conclusion: While there is a complex relationship between land
   transportation and climate change globally, Mauritius must find ways to
   become more climate friendly in the land transportation sector.  © 2021
   Tehran University of Medical Sciences.  Published by Tehran University of
   Medical Sciences.
DE air pollution; climate change; mauritius; system dynamics

---

UT 253
AR Esfandiyari V, 2024, ENV WATER ENG, V10, P243, DOI
   10.22034/ewe.2023.385968.1848
TI Effect of Optimizing Cultivation Pattern of Agricultural Crops on Water
   Consumption Management Under Virtual Water and Water Footprint Approach
AU Esfandiyari V; Zarifian S; Isanezhad A; Raheli H
TC 2
SO ENV WATER ENG
PY 2024
AB The main challenges facing the agricultural sector in Sistan plain include
   scarcity of water resources, inadequate water rationing, and suboptimal
   cultivation patterns.  Based on this, the main objective of this study was
   to determine the optimal cultivation pattern of agricultural crops by
   considering the virtual water and water footprint and assessing the impact
   on water consumption in this region.  To achieve this objective, virtual
   water indicators and green, blue and gray water footprints of agricultural
   crops were calculated to quantify water consumption in the Sistan region.
   Then, considering the virtual water and water footprint, the optimal pattern
   of plant cultivation was determined using a fuzzy ideal programming model.
   The optimization model results were tested based on a system dynamics
   approach in the Vensim PLE8.3.5 software.  The results showed that the
   virtual water content of agricultural products in this region was 2.69
   m3/kg.  The annual water requirement of agricultural crops was 1019 MCM, of
   which 62% is met.  After optimizing the cultivation pattern, the water
   requirement reduced to 600 MCM per year, of which 89% is supplied.
   Additionally, the optimization of cultivation patterns increased water
   supply to the environmental sector from 138 to 240 MCM per year.  © Authors,
   Published by Environment and Water Engineering journal.
DE system dynamics; virtual water; water footprint; water scarcity

---

UT 254
AR Huang M/1, 2021, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V784, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/784/1/012003
TI Research on regional water demand prediction of the upper and middle reaches
   of the Pearl River Basin based on system dynamics
AU Huang M/1; Li X/8; Wang J/8
TC 3
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2021
AB The prediction and calculation of water resource demand play a crucial role
   in the balance of water resource supply and demand in the research area.
   Only when the water demand of the research area is accurately and reasonably
   grasped, it is possible to make corresponding management and adjustment
   according to the actual situation in the process of water resource
   utilization, so as to ensure the sustainable development and utilization of
   water resource.  In this paper, the upper and middle reaches of the Pearl
   River basin is taken as the research area.  According to the relationship
   between supply and demand and the social and economic situation of the Pearl
   River basin, VENSIM PLE is used to establish the dynamic model of the water
   demand forecasting system of the Pearl River Basin.  The model involves four
   subsystems of population, industry, agriculture and water resource, and the
   water resource demand of the three provinces is simulated.  Compared with
   the results of the pearl River Basin planning report, the prediction error
   is small, which proves that the system dynamics model is feasible to predict
   the water demand of the Pearl River Basin.  © Published under licence by IOP
   Publishing Ltd.
DE system dynamics; vensim ple; water demand prediction
ID agricultural robots; economics; forecasting; gems; research and development
   management; sustainable development; system theory; watersheds; development
   and utilizations; economic situation; pearl river basin; prediction errors;
   supply and demand; system dynamics model; water demand forecasting; water
   resource utilization; rivers

---

UT 255
AR Abam F, 2025, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V32, P19860, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-025-36823-4
TI CO2 mitigation pathways and scenarios: an empirical study of Nigeria’s
   residential sector
AU Abam F; Okoro U; Mbohwa C
TC 3
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2025
AB The Nigerian residential sector is an increasing source of carbon emissions,
   driven by population growth, rising household income, and reliance on
   fossil-based fuels.  This study applies logarithmic mean Divisia index
   (LMDI) decomposition and system dynamics (SD) modeling to analyze historical
   trends from 2000 to 2018 and simulate future energy use and CO₂ emissions
   from 2018 to 2050. The models were developed using national data and
   validated in Vensim-PLE Software.  Between 2000 and 2018, household energy
   use rose from 49,700 to 53,300 Mt, growing at 7.3% annually.  The CO₂
   emissions reached 887.74 Mt-CO₂, an increase of 16%. The decomposition
   analysis attributes emission growth to household size (193%), energy
   intensity (68%), and fuel structure (29%), while per capita income and
   average household size moderate the rise in carbon emissions.  Under a
   business-as-usual (BAU) scenario, projections show a 963% rise in carbon
   intensity and a 114% population-driven emission increase by 2050. A ± 5%
   change in household energy use under a single-moderate adjustment scenario
   results in a 25–34% emission shift.  The double-drastic scenario, featuring
   a 10% fossil fuel cut, yields a 40% emission reduction by 2050. Energy
   intensity improvements of 61–67% are projected by 2030 across scenarios.
   These findings underscore the urgency for coordinated energy efficiency
   policies, fossil fuel phase-out, renewable energy adoption, and behavioral
   change to achieve a low-carbon residential transition in Nigeria.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of
   Springer Nature 2025.
DE carbon emission; nigeria; residential; scenarios; system dynamics
ID carbon dioxide; fossil fuels; humans; nigeria; nigeria; carbon; carbon
   emissions; economic analysis; emission control; energy efficiency; energy
   policy; fossil fuels; population statistics; system theory; zero-carbon;
   carbon dioxide; fossil fuel; carbon emissions; co 2 mitigation; empirical
   studies; energy intensity; household energy use; nigeria; residential;
   residential sectors; scenario; system dynamics; decomposition analysis;
   energy efficiency; energy intensity; energy use; fossil fuel; household
   energy; human; nigeria; housing

---

UT 256
AR Chen W/3, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13020133
TI Passenger Flow Simulation of Airport Terminal Subway Station Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Chen W/3; Ai Y
TC 2
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB Grasping the effective carrying capacity of airport hub subway stations in
   real-time serves as the foundation for enhancing the safety assurance
   capability of the hub.  Starting from the perspectives of multiple
   subsystems, including people, stations, and trains, and combining passenger
   flow, system structure, and multiple attributes of trains, a system dynamics
   (SD) model for passenger travel in airport hub subway stations is
   established.  The model is simulated using Vensim PLE 5.9d to analyze the
   effective carrying capacity of the transfer system under the existing
   configuration and layout of transfer facilities and equipment in the hub.
   The model features a modular architecture and interface, enabling quick and
   easy model establishment, and adapts to various configurations and
   operational characteristics of airport hub subway stations in a user-
   friendly manner.  Multiple sensitivity simulation analysis experiments are
   designed to analyze changes in passenger flow density from multiple
   perspectives.  This method can calculate the effective carrying capacity of
   airport hub subway stations, providing a scientific basis for planning,
   construction, and operational management.  The effectiveness of the model is
   verified by analyzing the Pudong International Airport terminal subway
   station.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE airport terminal; effective carrying capacity; passenger flow; sensitivity
   analysis; subway station; system dynamics

---

UT 257
AR Qin Z, 2021, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P2572, DOI 10.1145/3482632.3487473
TI A simulation model of engineering construction near-miss event disclosure
   strategy based on evolutionary game theory
AU Qin Z; Wu S
TC 1
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2021
AB In the field of construction engineering, the concealment reporting problem
   in the initial stage of near-miss event management seriously hinders its
   subsequent management.  In order to analyze the game relationship between
   the front-line safety managers and the near-miss event reporters of the same
   project company in the near-miss event concealment reporting problem, this
   paper constructs a manager-reporter evolutionary game model and uses
   VensimPLE to build a system simulation model for the study.  In this paper,
   the real situation is abstracted into an evolutionary game model, and each
   parameter in the model is logically analyzed and quantitatively assigned a
   value.  Then, the software is used to simulate the changes of manager's
   supervision probability and reporter's concealment probability under
   different initial strategy combinations, and through the analysis of the
   simulation results, the strategy changes under different initial strategy
   settings are obtained, so as to provide theoretical selection basis for
   near-miss event managers to formulate supervision strategies and set the
   frequency of supervision.  © 2021 ACM.
DE event disclosure; evolutionary game; near-miss event; system dynamics
ID computer software; managers; project management; construction engineering;
   engineering constructions; event disclosure; event management; evolutionary
   game models; evolutionary game theory; evolutionary games; near-miss event;
   near-misses; simulation model; game theory

---

UT 258
AR Moradinia SF, 2023, AMIRKABIR J CIV ENG, V55, P431, DOI
   10.22060/ceej.2022.21250.7666
TI Simulation of delay factors in dam construction projects with a system
   dynamics approach
AU Moradinia SF; Dizaj IA
TC 1
SO AMIRKABIR J CIV ENG
PY 2023
AB Delays are among the causes for financial loss in construction projects.
   Extensive research has thus been carried out on how to confront it, or
   reduce its consequences.  The effect on dam construction projects is highly
   pronounced as a consequence of their high operation magnitude, and long
   initial execution duration.  Numerous papers have thus far studied the
   causes of delay in projects from a dynamic systems’ approach, in such
   sectors as construction, railways and highways.  However, a simple
   comprehensive exploration of literature on the study of construction delay
   through the dynamic systems method reveals a gap of research around dam
   construction.  As this is the largest class of projects in the nation,
   numerous factors are involved in project delays.  To investigate the causes
   of delay in these projects the Vensim software package has proven useful and
   imperative in carrying out dynamic system analyses.  The present paper,
   involves a case study of the Marvak dam in Lorestan province.  Based on
   previous studies and former practical experience in construction, a set of
   10 common causes of delay was compiled into a questionnaire, for 20 dam
   construction experts who were asked to rate the causes from 1 to 10,
   depending on how much each factor actually causes delay in the project, with
   a rating of 1 and 10, signifying the highest, and lowest weight.  Among the
   factors, the effect of four variables, namely human resources, machinery and
   equipment, financial resources of the contractor, and deficiency in
   technical blueprints, were selected as the most effective factors.  The
   Vensim software package was then used to simulate the model based on project
   specifications.  Results involved the project’s “overall predictable delay”
   with the share of each factor specified in a breakdown.  © 2023, Amirkabir
   University of Technology.  All rights reserved.
DE dam construction projects; delays; project schedule management; system
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 259
AR Bafti AA, 2026, ENG, V29, DOI 10.1016/j.rineng.2026.108996
TI Demand-side transformation in renewable energy integration: coordinated
   scenario planning using system dynamics
AU Bafti AA; Rezaei M; Teymouri A; Sahebi H; Ghasemi P
TC 2
SO ENG
PY 2026
AB Effective energy analysis requires examining current and projected
   consumption of both conventional and renewable sources.  Scenario planning
   (SP) also plays a key role in anticipating how energy sources may evolve.
   However, system dynamics models lack a structured method for embedding key
   drivers into scenario design, while SP alone cannot represent the complex
   feedbacks needed for accurate forecasting.  To address these limitations,
   this study proposes a coordinated scenario planning with system dynamics
   modeling (CSP-SDM) approach, using an enhanced system dynamics model in
   Vensim to capture interactions among demographic trends, economic
   indicators, production patterns, and energy variables.  It deploys a
   scenario design strategy to capture the influence and interdependence among
   key variables via Mactor software, and K-Means clustering to identify those
   most critical to scenario outcomes.  Clustering of key drivers and
   prediction power are rigorously validated, demonstrating well-defined
   groupings and notable predictive accuracy.  Scenario Wizard is employed to
   develop consistent exploratory scenarios, each offering distinct
   perspectives beyond the baseline scenario, which is grounded in historical
   data trends (1993–2022). The model integrates demand-side, government, and
   private sector dynamics.  The baseline projects only 11.08 TWh of growth,
   locked in by low electricity prices, high energy intensity, and limited grid
   modernization.  In contrast, the Adapting to Constraints scenario achieves
   28.5 TWh, demonstrating the gains from incremental change.  The Balancing
   Act scenario, more than doubles this output to 57.4 TWh by prioritizing
   efficiency alongside investment.  However, the most transformative outcome
   is delivered by the Harmony of Acceleration scenario, which unlocks 100.4
   TWh of renewable demand.  © 2026 The Author(s).
DE k-means; mactor; renewable power demand; scenario wizard; system dynamics
   modeling scenario planning; vensim
ID economics; investments; renewable energy; system theory; k-means; mactor;
   power demands; renewable power; renewable power demand; scenario planning;
   scenario wizard; system dynamic modeling scenario planning; system dynamics
   modeling; vensim; dynamics

---

UT 260
AR Abaddi S, 2025, NAT RESOUR FORUM, V49, P1732, DOI 10.1111/1477-8947.12452
TI Modeling e-Truck adoption for sustainable transport in Jordan: A system
   dynamics approach
AU Abaddi S
TC 5
SO NAT RESOUR FORUM
PY 2025
AB This study has developed a model that predicts the quantity of CO2 emissions
   reduced and the adoption of e-Trucks until the year 2100 in Jordan.  Using
   system dynamics software (Powersim) and business intelligence tools
   (Microsoft Power BI), the most significant factors affecting three modules:
   environment, government, and customer were examined.  Twelve scenarios were
   modeled during the study (three factors and four cases for each factor). The
   factors were marketing effectiveness, environmental awareness, and
   government acquisition subsidy, and their values were (0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5),
   (0.3, 0.4, 0.5, 0.6), and (500, 1500, 3000, 6000 Jordanian Dinar—JOD),
   respectively.  Under normal conditions, with a marketing effectiveness of
   0.2, environmental awareness of 0.3, and a subsidy of 500 JOD, the annual
   sales of e-Trucks and Conventional Fuel Trucks (CFT) will break-even in 2052
   in Jordan.  The cumulative CO2 emissions reduction at the same year will be
   6165.213 Tons.  Among the three factors, marketing effectiveness was found
   to have the highest impact followed by the environmental awareness and last
   came the acquisition subsidy.  Based on our findings, it is recommended that
   policymakers prioritize improving marketing efforts to accelerate the shift
   towards e-Trucks, raise environmental awareness among consumers, and provide
   subsidies for acquisition of e-Trucks in Jordan.  Additionally, further
   research is needed to incorporate other factors, such as ICT infrastructure,
   technology maturity and other social factors that can affect the adoption of
   e-Trucks.  The study's originality lies in its focus on e-Trucks, a
   relatively underexplored area in the sustainable transport literature,
   especially in the context of Jordan as many other emerging nations.  The
   practical implications include leading the switch to e-Trucks, identifying
   infrastructural needs, and informing legislative choices.  By analyzing
   long-term dynamics and encouraging the deployment of e-Trucks, it seeks to
   lower CO2 emissions, enhance air quality, and promote a sustainable
   transportation system in Jordan.  © 2024 United Nations.
DE co2 emissions; e-trucks; fuel consumption; jordan; simulation; sustainable
   transport; system dynamics
ID jordan; carbon emission; electric vehicle; fuel consumption; sustainable
   development; transportation system

---

UT 261
AR Mier-Valderrama L, 2024, SYST, V12, DOI 10.3390/systems12090326
TI Why Is Reducing the Dead Zone in the Gulf of Mexico Such a Complex Goal?
   Understanding the Structure That Drives Hypoxic Zone Formation via System
   Dynamics
AU Mier-Valderrama L; Ledezma J; Gibson K; Anoruo A; Turner B
TC 1
SO SYST
PY 2024
AB The Northern Gulf of Mexico hosts a severe dead zone, an oxygen-depleted
   area spanning 1,618,000 hectares, threatening over 40% of the U.S. fishing
   industry and causing annual losses of USD 82 million.  Using a System
   Dynamics (SD) approach, this study examined the Mississippi–Atchafalaya
   River Basin (MARB), a major contributor to hypoxia in the Gulf.  A dynamic
   model, developed with Vensim software version 10.2.1 andexisting data,
   represented the physical, biological, and chemical processes leading to
   eutrophication and simulated dead zone formation over time.  Various
   policies were assessed, considering natural system variability.  The
   findings showed that focusing solely on nitrogen control reduced the dead
   zone but required greater intensity or managing other inputs to meet
   environmental goals.  Runoff control policies delayed nutrient discharge but
   did not significantly alter long-term outcomes.  Extreme condition tests
   highlighted the critical role of runoff dynamics, dependent on nitrogen load
   relative to flow volume from upstream.  The model suggests interventions
   should not just reduce eutrophication inputs but enhance factors slowing
   down the process, allowing natural denitrification to override anthropogenic
   nitrification.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE dead zone; eutrophication; gulf of mexico; system dynamics; watershed
   management

---

UT 262
AR Tang L/1, 2022, J GEOGR SCI, V32, P1513, DOI 10.1007/s11442-022-2008-3
TI Simulating the development of resilient human settlement in Changsha
AU Tang L/1; Long H
TC 16
SO J GEOGR SCI
PY 2022
AB Using the system dynamics simulation software Vensim PLE, we built a model
   to simulate the development of resilient human settlement in Changsha.  This
   model includes five subsystems: living, economy, society, ecology and
   engineering.  The model simulates various scenarios, based on different
   parameter settings to predict the trend of human settlement from 2019–2040
   in Changsha.  It puts forward four development programs under different
   simulation scenarios.  The results show that the current system of human
   settling lacks self-regulation and feedback, where simple increases in the
   economy and urbanization cannot drive the internal system to progress
   positively.  In contrast, the resilient human settlement program is more
   reasonable and scientific, up to the year 2040, the production, living and
   ecological environment of residents will be markedly improved in terms of
   per capita disposable income, per capita floor space and medical insurance
   coverage; these will increase by 98.9%, 39.7%, and 170.7%, respectively.
   This system of developing resilient human settlement provides feedback
   according to the internal relation loops and thus drives itself to adjust
   and recover, achieving harmonious and sustainable development.  In the
   forthcoming development, we should take the initiative to optimize economic
   development and upgrade industrial structures, establish emergency plans and
   response mechanisms to enhance human quality of life.  © 2022, Science in
   China Press.
DE human settlement; resilience; simulation; sustainable development; system
   dynamics

---

UT 263
AR Yuan R, 2022, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V29, P12589, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-14370-y
TI A system dynamic model for simulating the potential of prefabrication on
   construction waste reduction
AU Yuan R; Guo F; Qian Y; Cheng B; Li J/4; Tang X; Peng X/2
TC 44
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB Prefabrication is a promising method for minimizing construction waste since
   it is conducted in a controlled environment.  This paper develops a
   simulation model for quantitatively evaluating the potential of
   prefabrication on construction waste reduction by considering interaction
   behaviors among factors influencing the application of prefabrication and
   construction waste reduction during the design stage.  The theory of planned
   behavior is applied to determine the system boundary, and a system dynamic
   model is applied for establishing the simulation model.  A case project in
   Anhui, China, is selected for demonstrating the established model.  Results
   show that the (1) Application of prefabrication method contributes to
   construction waste reduction by reducing material wastes and reworking due
   to design changes.  (2) Impacts of prefabrication method on concrete waste
   reduction is the most significant.  (3) Increasing investment on designers’
   professional training and strengthening policies is two efficient strategies
   to make full use of the potential of the prefabrication method on
   construction waste reduction during the design stage.  The developed model
   can offer designers as well as policymakers with references for applying
   prefabrication method for construction waste reduction by comparing outcomes
   under various scenarios with different strategies and policies ahead of
   implementation.  © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-
   Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
DE circular; construction waste reduction; economy; prefabrication; simulation;
   system dynamics; vensim
ID china; computer simulation; construction industry; construction materials;
   industrial waste; policy; waste management; anhui; china; investment;
   numerical model; policy making; simulation; strategic approach; waste
   management; building industry; building material; china; computer
   simulation; industrial waste; policy; waste management

---

UT 264
AR Liu W/2, 2023, RESOUR POLIC, V80, DOI 10.1016/j.resourpol.2022.103183
TI Resilience assessment of the cobalt supply chain in China under the impact
   of electric vehicles and geopolitical supply risks
AU Liu W/2; Li X/4; Liu C; Wang M; Liu L/3
TC 105
SO RESOUR POLIC
PY 2023
AB Cobalt, one of the essential new energy materials, is widely applied in many
   crucial industries.  In recent years, the rapid development of electric
   vehicles (EVs) has led to increased cobalt demand, and geopolitical changes
   have increased the risk of cobalt supply disruption.  To investigate the
   impact of geopolitical risks and demand shocks of EVs on the cobalt supply
   chain system, we applied the system dynamics model to assess the cobalt
   supply chain resilience and construct four subsystems of price, production
   capacity, supply, and demand to explore the resilience mechanism of the
   cobalt supply chain.  Through Vensim simulation experiments, three
   resilience enhancement measures from recycling technology, inventory, and
   material substitution under the impact of the EVs demand and geopolitical
   supply risks are used as model scenarios.  The research results revealed
   that the cobalt supply chain is less resilient under the impact of EVs and
   geopolitical risks.  The reduction of cobalt imports under geopolitical
   risks has a direct impact on cobalt prices and produces a superimposed
   effect.  When a 20%, 50%, and 100% reduction in China's cobalt imports due
   to geopolitical events, the cobalt price rises from 2026 by 8.24%, 10.67%,
   and 15.01% in 2027, respectively, compared to the baseline scenario, to
   reach the maximum cobalt price in 2028. The improvement in recycling
   technology makes the Chinese cobalt supply chain more resilient, as
   evidenced by capacity growth.  A 33% improvement in recovery technology,
   increasing cobalt supply capacity by 12.57% and relieving supply pressure by
   16.47% under cobalt supply disruptions.  Inventory is one of the apparent
   improvements in the cobalt supply chain to respond to shocks in EV demand.
   Material substitution improves resilience in both scenarios, but is less
   effective in supply disruptions under geopolitical risk shocks.  © 2022
   Elsevier Ltd
DE electric vehicles; geopolitical risk; supply chain resilience; supply
   disruption; system dynamics
ID china; electric vehicles; recycling; risk assessment; risk perception;
   supply chains; system theory; % reductions; energy materials; geopolitical
   risks; materials substitutions; new energies; recycling technology; supply
   chain resiliences; supply disruption; supply risk; system dynamics; cobalt;
   demand analysis; electric vehicle; geopolitics; mineral deposit;
   mineralization; supply chain management; cobalt

---

UT 265
AR Tang J/1, 2022, CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG CHINA ISPM, P947, DOI
   10.52202/065147-0129
TI Study on the Evolution Mechanism of High-quality Development of New Energy
   Vehicles Automakers Based on System Dynamic Game Model
AU Tang J/1; Wu W/1
TC 0
SO CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG CHINA ISPM
PY 2022
AB As a strategic emerging industry in the 14th Five-Year Plan, new energy
   vehicles are an important development direction to promote the great leap
   forward development of China automobile industry.  In this paper, the
   asymmetric evolutionary game model of government enterprise consumer is
   established to explore the complex interaction mechanism of tripartite
   strategy selection.  With the help of Vensim software, SD model is
   constructed and modeled and simulated to clarify the action efficiency and
   influence path of key parameters on the optimal decision-making of the
   system.  The results show that: (1) In the development process of new energy
   vehicle enterprises, there is path dependence among the behavior strategies
   of the three stakeholders, the evolutionary stable state is not affected by
   the proportion of initial will; (2) Enterprises should seize the development
   opportunity of free riding, increase high-quality R&D investment in the
   initial stage of industrial development, strengthen innovative technology,
   and form the advantage of brand leader; (3) The dual credit policy is an
   effective alternative policy for subsidy decline, which has a synergistic
   regulatory role.  In order to ensure that the process of high-quality
   development of the industry is not restricted by R&D costs, we should
   formulate a reasonable subsidy decline rate and credit transaction price to
   improve the vitality of enterprise transformation and upgrading.  ©
   Conference Proceedings of the 10th International Symposium on Project
   Management, China, ISPM 2022.
DE dual credit policy; government-enterprise-consumer; high-quality
   development; new energy vehicles; subsidy decline
ID decision making; investments; project management; credit policy; dual credit
   policy; dynamic game; evolution mechanism; government-enterprise-consumer;
   high-quality; high-quality development; new energy vehicles; subsidy
   decline; system dynamics; automotive industry

---

UT 266
AR Dechimo AA Jr, 2023, PLANT DIVERS BIOCULTURAL LANDSCAPES, P615, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-19-8649-9_27
TI System dynamic modeling of top harvested plant bioresources in Northern
   Negros Natural Park
AU Dechimo AA Jr; Buot IE Jr; Andrada R II; Bagarinao RT; Banaticla-Hilario
   MCN; Sobremisana MJ
TC 0
SO PLANT DIVERS BIOCULTURAL LANDSCAPES
PY 2023
AB The planning for management initiatives of Northern Negros Natural Park
   (NNNP) as a protected area needs datasets on plant bioresources mostly
   harvested from various zones in the park.  This paper aims to 1) develop a
   modelthat could predict the forest cover change in NNNP, 2) project
   scenarios on the impact of harvesting plantbioresources (PBRs) on forest
   cover change ; and 3) analyze the scenario projections on their impact to
   policy andmanagement practices for PBRs use and forest cover in NNNP. System
   dynamics modeling methodology wasutilized to develop the logistic growth
   model utilized for scenario projections.  The scenario projections made use
   ofthe data from the household survey and floral assessment in NNNP. Results
   showed that the developed projectionmodel entered in STELLA software can
   project scenarios for top harvested PBRs and forest cover of NNNP. In
   allprojected scenarios, the collection of top PBRs is still below the
   species' tipping point of local extinction.  Onaverage, the annual harvest
   is at 0.57% of its estimated stock population in the business as usual
   scenario,intensified harvest scenario (1.68%), and reduced or ideal harvest
   rate scenario (0.18%). A low to moderate risk ofextinction was observed in
   the estimated average species density.  The harvest of these species was
   regulated bythe Expanded National Integrated Protected Area Systems (ENIPAS)
   Act of 2018. However, the weakimplementation of these regulations
   contributed to the continuing illegal collection and commercial activities
   insideNNNP. The results presented in this paper provided a 20-year
   projection and trends for the PBRs mostly harvestedas important data set
   needed in planning and management initiatives in the protected area.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
   2023.
DE plant bioresources; projection; stella; system dynamics modeling

---

UT 267
AR Hidayat T, 2021, WSEAS TRANS BUSI ECON, V18, P1121, DOI
   10.37394/23207.2021.18.106
TI The effect of COVID-19 on credit and capital risk of state-owned bank in
   Indonesia: A system dynamics model
AU Hidayat T; Masyita D; Nidar SR; Febrian E; Ahmad F
TC 2
SO WSEAS TRANS BUSI ECON
PY 2021
AB -The global COVID-19 pandemic has greatly affected people, especially in the
   economic and banking sectors.  The Indonesian Financial Services Authority
   (Otoritas Jasa Keuangan, OJK) issued a credit restructuring policy,
   effective from March 2020 to March 2022, to reduce credit and bank capital
   risk.  This study proposes the bank risk scenario after the credit
   restructuring policy of the OJK moratorium in March 2022 and proposes the
   internal bank policy simulation to mitigate credit and capital risks in
   terms of Non-Performing Loan (NPL) and Capital Adequacy Ratio (CAR). The
   difficulty of this study is how to develop the risk scenario and to simulate
   the bank risk mitigation policy after the policy moratorium, while the
   COVID-19 pandemic is still ongoing and the economy is not yet normal.  To
   that purpose, this study uses a system dynamics methodology with Powersim
   Studio 10© software that is able to make scenarios on the level of credit
   risk (NPL) and bank capital (CAR) and able to simulate internal bank policy
   to overcome the risk by considering the environmental and policy changes.
   Based on the policy simulation, it is recommended that bank can implement
   the restructuring policy to control the credit risk and strengthening the
   NPL monitoring activity in order to manage and decrease the loan impairment
   expenses.  To increase CAR, the result shows that the combined policy
   consists of the NPL monitoring program, the interest rate and the operating
   cost management program is able to produce a significant increase in bank’s
   capital (CAR). The original contribution of this study is to provide new
   model of credit and capital risk scenario and risk mitigation simulation
   during the COVID-19 pandemic.  The advantage of this study is that the model
   can be tested and implemented to other banks.  © 2021, World Scientific and
   Engineering Academy and Society.  All rights reserved.
DE banking; capital risk; covid-19; credit restructuring policy; credit risk;
   simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 268
AR Morales SAH, 2021, INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL, V12, P649, DOI
   10.14569/IJACSA.2021.0120174
TI Inventory Management Analysis under the System Dynamics Model
AU Morales SAH; Andrade-Arenas L
TC 7
SO INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL
PY 2021
AB In this work, the modeling of the system dynamics concerning inventory
   management has been carried out, this was done to achieve a correct analysis
   on said management, and thus make decisions that benefit the company.
   Knowing that the problem lies in the mismanagement of inventories, which are
   managed by certain companies with little or vast knowledge about inventory
   management, for which, it is desired to make use of the system dynamics
   modeling, so that this, achieves a correct analysis of the management, but
   is focused on the dynamics of system.  The result obtained, from the
   development of the methodology applied in this work, was a correct and
   adequate analysis of the dynamics modeling of system in inventory
   management, which was achieved, using the simulation software known as
   Vensim, and a methodology based on three stages that are the Causal Diagram,
   the Forrester Diagram, and the mathematical equations.  © 2021,
   International Journal of Advanced Computer Science and Applications.  All
   Rights Reserved.
DE causal diagram; dynamics of system; forrester diagram; inventory management;
   vensim
ID computer software; system theory; causal diagram; dynamics models; dynamics
   of system; forrester diagrams; inventory management; management analysis;
   model of systems; simulation software; system dynamics modeling; vensim;
   inventory control

---

UT 269
AR Sun D, 2020, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V32, P2272, DOI
   10.16182/j.issn1004731x.joss.20-FZ0334
TI Simulation of Incentive Mechanism Simulation on Reverse Supply Chain of
   Waste Products Based on Dual Drive; [双驱动式废弃品逆向供应链激励机制仿真]
AU Sun D; Xie D; Guan F; Ji Y/1
TC 2
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2020
AB In view of the current situation of coordination failure caused by different
   benefits of different entities in the waste reverse supply chain, based on
   system dynamics, a three-party evolutionary game model of residents, waste
   disposal institutions and production enterprises is constructed.  Vensim
   simulation software is used to establish the stock-flow chart with the
   strategy selection probability as the horizontal variable.  In the two cases
   of exogenous variable in constant and a time-trend, the simulation is
   carried out separately, and the strategy evolution path of the three parties
   is obtained without external interference.  Through sensitivity analysis,
   the exogenous variables having a major impact on the main strategy is fixed,
   and a dual-drive supply chain incentive mechanism driven by garbage
   classification and market mechanism is designed.  © 2020, The Editorial
   Board of Journal of System Simulation.  All right reserved.
DE incentive mechanism; reverse supply chain; simulation; waste classification;
   waste products

---

UT 270
AR Gurrappanaidu G, 2025, VIRUSES, V17, DOI 10.3390/v17010023
TI Assessment of Vaccination Impact in PPR-Control Program Implemented in
   Southern States of India: A System Dynamics Model Approach
AU Gurrappanaidu G; Subbanna NKG; Wanyoike F; Bahta S; Reddy YR; Bardhan D;
   Vinayagamurthy B; Vijayalakshmy K; Habibur R
TC 1
SO VIRUSES
PY 2025
AB Mass vaccination against peste des petits ruminants (PPR) in two southern
   states of India, namely Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, has reduced disease
   outbreaks significantly.  The sporadic outbreaks reported now can be
   attributed in part to the recurring movement of sheep and goats between
   these contiguous states.  This study assessed the present level of economic
   burden and impact of vaccination on the local system (one state),
   considering the exposure from the external system (neighboring state) using
   a system dynamic (SD) model.  The SD model relies on interdependence,
   interaction, information feedback, and circular causality and captures
   potential feedback between disease control interventions and their impact on
   various epidemiological and economic outcomes.  The data for
   parameterization of the model were collected through surveys, expert
   elicitation, and literature review.  The sporadic outbreaks reported in
   recent years (<10 outbreaks/year during 2022) were due to continuous “mass
   vaccination” for more than a decade.  During 2021–2022, the PPR incidence
   was less in both the states, with an estimated loss of USD 26.30 and USD
   22.86 million in Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, respectively.  The SD model
   results showed a systemic increase in flock size and offtakes and a decline
   in the number of infected and death cases under high vaccination coverage
   (75% and 100% coverage) compared to the low-coverage scenario.  Hence, the
   coordinated inter-state vaccination efforts offer better prospects, as
   efforts in one state have positive externalities in terms of fewer outbreaks
   in a neighboring state.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE ppr; sd modeling; vaccination impact
ID animals; disease outbreaks; goat diseases; goats; india; mass vaccination;
   peste-des-petits-ruminants; peste-des-petits-ruminants virus; sheep; sheep
   diseases; vaccination; viral vaccines; virus vaccine; article; body weight
   loss; case fatality rate; computer model; disease transmission; economic
   aspect; female; goat; health care survey; health program; incidence; male;
   mass immunization; mortality; nonhuman; peste-des-petits-ruminants; sheep;
   socioeconomics; system dynamics model; vaccination; vaccination coverage;
   animal; epidemic; epidemiology; goat; goat disease; immunology; india;
   peste-des-petits-ruminants virus; prevention and control; sheep disease;
   vaccination; veterinary medicine; virology

---

UT 271
AR Cheng B, 2022, ENV MANAG, V70, P666, DOI 10.1007/s00267-022-01617-8
TI Improving Contractors’ Participation of Resource Utilization in Construction
   and Demolition Waste through Government Incentives and Punishments
AU Cheng B; Huang J/3; Li J/4; Chen S/1; Chen H/3
TC 59
SO ENV MANAG
PY 2022
AB This paper develops a simulation model for analyzing how government
   incentives and punishments improve contractors’ participation in resource
   utilization of construction and demolition waste (RUCDW) based on system
   dynamics theory.  The construction industry’s long-term objective is to
   become more sustainable and resource-effective, and as part of this
   objective, generated construction and demolition waste should be recycled
   and resource utilized.  However, most contractors have little willingness to
   engage in RUCDW because it increases their costs.  The government thus plays
   a vital role in improving their participation in RUCDW through a range of
   educational tools such as advertisements, professional training, incentives,
   and punishments.  Among these approaches, incentives and punishments are
   considered the most effective because they directly change project costs.
   We use the Vensim software package for numerical simulation and data
   collected from Suzhou, China are used to demonstrate and validate the
   developed model.  Simulation results show that the government can improve
   contractors’ participation in RUCDW through three kinds of incentives and
   punishments: (1) subsidizing RUCDW; (2) increasing landfill fees; and 3)
   issuing fines for illegal dumping.  Comprehensive application of multiple
   policies has a stronger effect than single policies.  The established model
   is therefore a valuable tool for assessing the dynamic effects of government
   incentives and punishments on RUCDW ahead of implementation, which can
   provide guidance for policymakers.  © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive
   licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.
DE construction and demolition waste; government incentives and punishments;
   resource utilization; sustainable construction; system dynamics
ID computer software; contractors; demolition; personnel training; system
   theory; construction and demolition waste; educational tools; government
   incentive; government incentive and punishment; professional training;
   project cost; resources utilizations; simulation model; sustainable
   construction; vensim softwares; advertising; article; building industry;
   china; computer simulation; construction and demolition waste; government;
   illegal dumping; incentive; landfill; punishment; simulation; software;
   theoretical study; construction industry

---

UT 272
AR Somasundaram J, 2023, J INST RES SOUTH EAST ASIA, V21, P139
TI Empowering Multi-disciplinary Policymaking with Systems Dynamics: The Return
   on Investing in Early Childhood Education
AU Somasundaram J; Somasundaram S; Rasul MG
TC 0
SO J INST RES SOUTH EAST ASIA
PY 2023
AB The human sciences are maturing rapidly.  Education policymaking must also
   mature.  One method of ensuring rigor in policymaking is evaluating the
   return on investment (ROI). A major discovery in the human sciences is the
   importance of the first thousand days of life in shaping an individual's
   life.  This period is neglected in educational policymaking and funding.
   This research aims to build an ROI model to support educational policy in
   the first thousand days.  The research was done in two stages.  Firstly, the
   literature on early childhood was reviewed and integrated to derive
   equations that describe the life-long impacts of early childhood.  Secondly,
   a systems dynamic (modeling of complex systems) is constructed using Vensim®
   software.  We propose a three-phase model: (1) rigorous adolescent teaching
   of emotional and social skills; (2) an "it takes a village to raise a child"
   strategy; and (3)a "parents as first teachers" strategy.  We found that (1)
   Australian government agencies lack a coordinated strategy; (2) Education
   funding is primarily directed at supporting educational professionals and
   institutions rather than empowering and skilling families and communities.
   (3) More research on forgetting and loss of skill post-course completion is
   needed, and (4) Research into and awareness of complex systems can be
   fostered with easy-to-use systems dynamics software platforms.  This
   research applies four powerful tactics for empowered educational research:
   (1) empowering individuals and communities; (2) education as operating in
   multi-disciplinary complex systems; (3) championing recent transformational
   discoveries; and (4) exploring the ROI of policies.  © 2023, Southeast Asian
   Association for Institutional Research.  All rights reserved.
DE early childhood education; multi-disciplinary research; policy research;
   return on investment; systems dynamics

---

UT 273
AR Marzouk M, 2022, CLEAN ENG TECHNOL, V6, DOI 10.1016/j.clet.2021.100368
TI Modeling investment policies effect on environmental indicators in Egyptian
   construction sector using system dynamics
AU Marzouk M; Fattouh KM
TC 9
SO CLEAN ENG TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB Construction stakeholders aim at limiting the impact of the construction
   sector on the natural environment to assure sustainability.  The
   construction industry forms a significant portion of the Egyptian GDP and
   employs millions of labor force and consumes most of the country's energy
   and its primary resources.  Egypt faces dual pressure of maintaining
   economic growth and largely reducing carbon emissions.  This study aims at
   exploring the effect of finance-growth-energy nexus on carbon emissions for
   Egypt over the 1990–2050 period.  By employing the system dynamics approach,
   the study tries to capture the impact of some investment policies on the
   consumption of energy, financial development and economic growth in addition
   to linking them with the carbon emissions of Egypt in a simulation model
   using Vensim® PLE software.  The model provides the policy makers with a
   simulating tool supporting their decisions.  The findings reveal that both
   construction technology, represented in construction materials and
   construction machinery, and labor education are main keys of true
   sustainable development.  Several policies are examined to study system
   behavior and revealed that it is not enough to capture the technology in
   order to achieve development, and suitable education and training courses
   should be provided to deliver labor force that can use and improve such
   technologies.  The proposed methodology aids construction in Egypt which is
   considered a strong indicator of the country's economic strength.  The
   construction industry forms a significant portion of the Egyptian GDP and
   employs millions of labor force and consumes most of the country's energy
   and its primary resources.  To remain vital, the construction industry is
   demanding better, safer, energy-efficient and more affordable construction
   materials and technology.  © 2021 The Authors
DE construction technology; emissions; labor education; system dynamics

---

UT 274
AR Umar I, 2023, J DEGRADED MIN LANDS MANAG, V11, P4875, DOI
   10.15243/jdmlm.2023.111.4875
TI Spatial models of rice fields change and sustainable agriculture in Solok
   District, West Sumatra Province
AU Umar I; Arif DA
TC 5
SO J DEGRADED MIN LANDS MANAG
PY 2023
AB Indonesia is an agricultural country and one of the world's rice-producing
   countries.  However, the increase in population has pushed for the
   conversion of agricultural land to non-agricultural purposes.  Solok is a
   district with the largest paddy field area in West Sumatra.  Yet, the
   increase in population has resulted in a decrease in paddy fields every
   year.  This study aimed to determine the model for changing the area of
   paddy fields for the 2000-2020 period and determine the direction of
   sustainable agricultural policies.  In defining the paddy field change
   model, this research uses the input data from the interpretation of 2000
   Landsat 5 imagery, 2010 Landsat 7 imagery, and 2020 Landsat Oli 8 imagery.
   The data were analyzed using a geographic information system (GIS). This
   research employed the Powersim Software with a system dynamics approach in
   projecting rice production and demand.  This research used Interpretative
   Structural Modeling (ISM) analysis to determine the direction of sustainable
   food policy.  The results showed that there had been a conversion of
   13,801.6 hectares of paddy agricultural land into a built-up area in the
   2000-2020 period in Solok District.  In 2020, Solok District supplied 2,838
   thousand tons of rice, while the demand for rice was 446.3 thousand tons.
   In the direction of the sustainable agriculture policy, there are three key
   sub-elements; tightening land use permits, establishing and implementing
   spatial planning regulations, and consistency in enforcing spatial planning
   violation laws.  © 2023 Authors.  All rights reserved.
DE agriculture; food carrying capacity; ism; land conversion; policy

---

UT 275
AR Egieya JM, 2024, SCI ENV, V934, DOI 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2024.173289
TI Predictive simulation of the water-energy-food nexus for the City of Cape
   Town
AU Egieya JM; Parker Y; Hofmann VS; Daher B; Gorgens J; Goosen NJ
TC 8
SO SCI ENV
PY 2024
AB The City of Cape Town (CoCT), South Africa faced a critical situation
   between 2015 and 2018 in which the municipal water supply was almost
   completely exhausted.  This situation, commonly referred to as Day Zero in
   South Africa emanated from a decline in rainfall, resulting in one of the
   most severe droughts in history.  The crisis was also aggravated by rapid
   population growth and urbanization.  CoCT was on the verge of becoming the
   first city in the past decade to experience a complete cessation of water
   supply for urban and agricultural purposes.  In addition to the effects of
   low rainfall and population surge, urban energy consumption and increased
   food demand impacted directly the available water resources.  To evaluate
   the interlinkages between water utilization, water production, energy supply
   and demand, and food production and demand, this study employed a system
   dynamics modeling (SDM) approach.  The model was developed as a stock and
   flow diagram utilizing Stella Architect and encompassed five interconnected
   nodes: water, energy, food, land, and population.  The findings revealed
   that by the end of the 20-year modeling period, the volume of accessible and
   stored water in all the major dams will be approximately 459 million cubic
   meters, with residential use accounting for about 85 % of urban water use
   and agriculture accounting for approximately30.37 % of total water demand.
   The model illustrates the impacts of precipitation rate, runoff, and
   evaporation on variables such as land-use change and population dynamics.
   It is anticipated that the outcomes of this study will serve as valuable
   inputs for decision-making processes, not only within the CoCT as it aims to
   mitigate or prevent the recurrence of Day Zero, but also for other cities
   facing similar challenges.  © 2024 Elsevier B.V.
DE climate change; simulation; system dynamics modeling; water planning; wef
   nexus
ID agriculture; cities; food supply; models theoretical; south africa;
   urbanization; water supply; cape town; south africa; western cape;
   agriculture; decision making; economics; energy utilization; land use;
   population statistics; rain; system theory; water resources; water supply;
   fertilizer; rain; cape town; food demand; municipal water supplies;
   predictive simulations; simulation; south africa; system dynamics modeling;
   water-energy; water planning; wef nexus; computer simulation; decision
   making; drought; energy-resource; food production; population growth;
   prediction; urbanization; water planning; water resource; water supply;
   agricultural worker; aquatic environment; article; climate change;
   electricity; food availability; food industry; greenhouse effect; greenhouse
   gas; human; hydropower; microbial community; municipal solid waste;
   photosynthesis; population growth; predictive model; productivity; seasonal
   variation; sensitivity analysis; soil analysis; tight junction; underweight;
   waste water recycling; wastewater; water availability; agriculture; catering
   service; city; procedures; south africa; theoretical model; urbanization;
   water supply; climate change

---

UT 276
AR Mo H, 2022, MATH PROBL ENG, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/5506338
TI Partner Matching Mechanism of Hainan Cold Chain Logistics Based on
   Multiobjective Optimization
AU Mo H; Deng C/1; Chen Y/2; Huang Y/1
TC 6
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2022
AB With the sustained and rapid development of the economy, the food
   consumption structure has changed correspondingly and the market of cold and
   fresh products has developed rapidly, which puts forward the matching of
   cold chain logistics.  Under the background of the construction of the belt
   and road and the pilot-free trade zone, the organic integration of the fresh
   agricultural products market and industry in Hainan is facing opportunities
   and challenges.  In particular, in-depth research on the design and planning
   of the entire logistics system has not been carried out and the research on
   the distribution vehicle routing problem is still in the initial stage.
   This paper combs the relevant policies of cold chain logistics development
   in Hainan province.  Given the imperfect system, the lack of policy
   guarantee measures, and the lack of regionality of the policy objective
   system, this paper puts forward some suggestions for improvement.  The
   effective inventory control model of Hainan fresh agricultural products
   under cold chain logistics is explored by using the inventory management
   theory and the related theory of system dynamics.  The simulation is carried
   out by using Vensim software, which provides a reference for improving the
   status of cold chain logistics of fresh agricultural products in Hainan.  By
   saving funds, the profits of cold and fresh products are increased and the
   market competitiveness is improved.  © 2022 Haipeng Mo et al.
ID agricultural products; computer software; food supply; international trade;
   multiobjective optimization; supply chain management; supply chains; vehicle
   routing; cold chain logistics; consumption structure; food consumption; free
   trade zones; fresh agricultural products; matching mechanisms; matchings;
   multi-objectives optimization; organics; pilot-free; inventory control

---

UT 277
AR Mwasubila IJ, 2022, INT J IND SYST ENG, V40, P1, DOI
   10.1504/IJISE.2022.120804
TI An analytical study on establishing strategies for improving the
   productivity of the spinning industries
AU Mwasubila IJ; Taifa IWR; Kundi BAT
TC 12
SO INT J IND SYST ENG
PY 2022
AB Strategies for improving the productivity of the spinning industries are
   much needed.  In this paper, a case of a spinning industry was
   systematically studied.  The strategies for enhancing productivity were
   established through a mixed approach.  The studied industry experienced low
   productivity as they were only achieving 55%-68% of their production plan.
   Also, their actual operational machine availability was 67%. The proposed
   strategies include improving the spooling and the drawing process by
   installing new machinery technology; improve raw materials and components
   flow; hiring well-trained workers; develop employee training programs;
   search for new market segments; establish effective information and
   communications technology section, and develop an implementable maintenance
   plan.  The study also revealed that system dynamics modelling helps to
   arrange descriptive information analytically.  Thus, Vensim® software was
   applied to illustrate the differences between productivity, specifically
   before and after implementing the established strategies.  The study
   considered only a single industry and 'single-factor productivity measures'.
   Copyright © 2022 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
DE competitive strategy; multifactor productivity measures; productivity
   improvement; productivity index; single-factor productivity; spinning-mill;
   strategies; system dynamics; vensim software
ID personnel training; planning; production control; search engines; system
   theory; competitive strategy; multifactor productivity; multifactor
   productivity measure; productivity improvements; productivity index;
   productivity measure; single-factor productivity; spinning-mill; strategy;
   vensim softwares; productivity

---

UT 278
AR Xing R, 2021, HYDROL RES, V52, P1261, DOI 10.2166/NH.2021.055
TI Simulation of the ice thickness of the Heilongjiang River and application of
   SD models to a river ice model
AU Xing R; Ju Q; Simonovic SP; Hao Z; Yuan F/1; Gu H
TC 3
SO HYDROL RES
PY 2021
AB The Heilongjiang River is a transboundary river between China and Russia,
   which often experiences ice dams that can trigger spring floods and
   significant damages in the region.  Owing to insufficient data, no river ice
   model is applicable for the Heilongjiang River.  Therefore, a river ice
   thickness model based on continuous meteorological data and river ice data
   at the Mohe Station located in the upper reach of the Heilongjiang River was
   proposed.  Specifically, the proposed model was based on physical river ice
   processes and the Russian empirical theory.  System dynamic models were
   applied to assess the proposed model.  The performance of the river ice
   model was evaluated using root-mean-square error (RMSE), coefficient of
   determination (R2), and Nash-Sutcliffe efficiency (NSE). Subsequently,
   sensitivity analyses of the model parameters through Latin hypercube
   sampling and uncertainty analyses of input variables were conducted.
   Results show that the formation of ice starts 10 days after the air
   temperature reaches below 0 °C. The maximum ice thickness occurs 10 days
   after the atmospheric temperature reaches the minimum.  Ice starts to melt
   after the highest temperature is greater than 0 °C. The R2 of ice thickness
   in the middle of river (ITMR) and ice thickness at the riverside (ITRS) are
   0.67 and 0.69, respectively; the RMSEs of ITMR and ITRS are 6.50 and 6.84,
   respectively; and the NSEs of ITMR and ITRS are 0.72 and 0.70, respectively.
   Sensitivity analyses show that ice growth and ice melt are sensitive to the
   air temperature characterizing the thermal state.  Uncertainty analyses show
   temperature has the greatest effect on river ice.  © 2021 The Authors
DE heilongjiang river; river ice; system dynamic ( sd ) model; vensim
ID china; heilongjiang; mohe basin; russian federation; ice; mean square error;
   meteorology; rivers; sensitivity analysis; uncertainty analysis; air
   temperature; heilongjiang rivers; ice dams; ice model; ice thickness; river
   ice; sensitivity analyzes; system dynamics modeling; transboundary rivers;
   vensim; air temperature; flood damage; hydrological modeling; ice thickness;
   river ice; simulation; atmospheric temperature

---

UT 279
AR Li P, 2025, PROC INT CONF APPL MATH MODEL INTELL COMPUT CAMMIC, P112, DOI
   10.1145/3745533.3745552
TI Carbon Emission Scenario Prediction for Urban Transportation Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Li P; Jiang Z; Peng W
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF APPL MATH MODEL INTELL COMPUT CAMMIC
PY 2025
AB To achieve the dual-carbon goal, low-carbon transformation of urban
   transportation systems is imperative.  It is of far-reaching significance to
   study in-depth the internal mechanism of carbon emissions from urban
   transport, optimize the urban transport structure and reduce carbon
   emissions from travel.  Urban transportation system is a complex, multi-
   level dynamic system with obvious system engineering dynamics.  Therefore,
   the realization of the vision of "Peak Carbon"in 2030 requires not only the
   exploration of carbon reduction pathways oriented by roadmap, but also the
   design of carbon reduction nodes with timetable as the driving order.  This
   paper employs system dynamics modeling via VENSIM software to analyze the
   intrinsic mechanisms of urban transportation carbon emissions and designs a
   baseline scenario and scenario simulations under different policies to
   estimate the evolution of carbon emissions from urban transportation in
   Shanghai in the perspective year, so as to propose actionable pathways.  The
   results show that interventions are needed for Shanghai to reach its 2030
   carbon peak target.  Increasing the share of new energy passenger vehicles,
   encouraging the development of hybrid passenger vehicles, and optimizing the
   structure of traffic and travel can all play a positive role.  © 2025
   Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE carbon emissions; new energy vehicles; system dynamics; urban transportation
ID carbon; carbon emissions; computer software; dynamics; hybrid vehicles; mass
   transportation; sustainable development; system theory; traffic control;
   zero-carbon; carbon emissions; carbon reduction; emission scenario; low
   carbon transformations; new energy vehicles; passengers vehicles; scenario
   predictions; system dynamics; urban transport; urban transportation systems;
   urban transportation

---

UT 280
AR Reza JRD, 2025, SUSTAIN FUTUR, V9, DOI 10.1016/j.sftr.2025.100551
TI Achieving strategic goals by continuous improvement and lean manufacturing
   implementation: A structural equation model -system dynamics approach
AU Reza JRD; García Alcaraz JL; Ramírez CS; López JAG; Vargas AR; Rodríguez
   Álvarez JL
TC 7
SO SUSTAIN FUTUR
PY 2025
AB Companies implement lean manufacturing tools (LMT) jointly to align with
   their strategic goals, and Mexican maquiladoras are no exception; however,
   little is known about the relationship between them or when these goals are
   achieved.  In this paper, we present a structural equation model (SEM) that
   integrates five LMT, where Kaizen (KAI) as a continuous improvement program
   is the independent variable and Hoshin Kanri (HOK) as an alignment to
   objectives and as a dependent variable, with Kanban (KAN), Total Quality
   Management (TQM), and Poka Yoke (POY) as mediating tools, which are related
   by six hypotheses.  The model was validated with information from 411
   responses to a questionnaire applied to the Mexican maquiladora industry
   using the partial least squares approach in the WarpPLS v.8 software.  Then,
   with the direct effects from the SEM, equations of the relationships between
   the variables are constructed and simulated using the system dynamics
   technique with Stella Architect v.3.0.1 to determine when LMTs reach
   adequate levels of implementation.  The findings indicate that KAN, TQM, and
   POY reached implementation levels in approximately eight years, but KAI and
   HOK took up to 13 years, which may be due to constant changes in improvement
   approaches and strategic goals in response to the dynamism of globalized
   production systems.  © 2025 The Author(s)
DE lean manufacturing; strategic goals kaizen hoshin kanri tqm

---

UT 281
AR Shen Y/1, 2025, J MOD, V45, P5, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1008-0821.2025.01.001
TI Research on Population Policy Evaluation and Forecasting Based on System
   Dynamics Simulation Modelling-Taking Fertility Policy as an Example;
   [基于系统动力学的政策成效与预见仿真方法探析 ———以人口生育政策为例]
AU Shen Y/1; Li Y; Liu J/3; Liu J/7; Song N; Pei L; Zhang J/2
TC 0
SO J MOD
PY 2025
AB [Purpose/Significance] Simulation based on system dynamics can
   comprehensively capture the dynamics of complex social systems under the
   influence of policies, accurately simulate the cumulative impact of policy
   interventions over time, and evaluate the implementation effect of policies,
   which plays an extremely important role in promoting the sci- entific and
   efficient formulation and use of policy tools and improving the
   effectiveness of policies.  [Method/Process] Tak- ing the implementation of
   fertility policy as an example, based on key influencing factors such as
   fertility rate and environ- mental influencing parameters such as education
   and economy, this paper constructed a simulation system based on system
   dynamics through Vensim PLE. The model dynamically demonstrated the
   interactions between the population-policy-e- conomy subsystems and designed
   and implemented three differentiated policy intervention scenarios, and
   conducted in- depth simulations to predict the paths of demographic change
   and the evolutionary trends under different policy orientations.
   [Result/Conclusion It is found that the liberalization of fertility policies
   had effective in mitigating the ageing trend while promoting population
   growth.  However, the impact of the policy is waning and structural changes
   and adjustments are ur- gently needed.  © 2025 Editorial Board of Journal of
   Modern Information.  All rights reserved.
DE fertility policy; policy effectiveness; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 282
AR Shamsuddoha M, 2024, SN OPER RES FORUM, V5, DOI 10.1007/s43069-023-00290-9
TI Eco-efficient Dairy Waste Treatment: Validating a Sustainable System
   Dynamics Framework
AU Shamsuddoha M; Koul S; Taylor IW
TC 8
SO SN OPER RES FORUM
PY 2024
AB Dairy wastes in third-world countries are not adequately utilized to
   generate valuable by-products and trade them commercially for financial and
   environmental benefits.  This paper focuses on such wastes and considers
   waste processing operations using the system dynamics (SD) simulation
   approach.  Primary data used to build the SD model was collected from the
   farm records, a questionnaire, and a follow-up interview with management
   members.  This model illustrates advancements in the dairy sector and equips
   a system dynamics framework with the necessary degree of validation to
   address the intricate challenge of waste management in dairy operations.
   The study deployed system dynamics methodology and replicated the real-life
   dairy farm processes in the Vensim simulation platform using 3 years of
   data.  Five specific scenarios were experimented with to justify waste
   management processes (current operation, different allocations to bio-
   fertilizer, biogas, and raw dung), resulting in increased revenue and
   reduced landfill requirements.  The ability to process waste was found to be
   limited by seasonality constraints.  A comparison of scenarios enabled us to
   demonstrate that for a mid-sized dairy farm, the valuable by-products as a
   mix of bio-fertilizer and biogas lead to improved economic gains while
   protecting the environment.  Thus, this work fills a crucial substantive and
   methodological gap in this research area.  This study can assist
   academicians, policymakers, entrepreneurs, and responsible managers
   understand a solid dairy waste management system for emerging economies.
   The model also ignores variations in cattle types, such as milch cow, heifer
   (breedable), calves, and bull.  © 2024, The Author(s), under exclusive
   licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE bangladesh; dairy wastes; modeling; scenario analyzes; system dynamics

---

UT 283
AR Zhang G-S, 2021, J ADV TRANSP, V2021, DOI 10.1155/2021/2474784
TI System Dynamics Modelling for Dynamic Emergency Response to Accidents
   Involving Transport of Dangerous Goods by Road
AU Zhang G-S; Shen X-Y; Hua J; Zhao J-W; Liu H-X
TC 8
SO J ADV TRANSP
PY 2021
AB For improving the emergency capacities during road transportation accidents
   of dangerous goods, this paper divides the accident emergency procedure into
   four subsystems: accident information processing, personnel rescue and
   evacuation, vehicle evacuation, and rescue materials delivery.  On this
   basis, the causal mechanism and the loop diagrams of the emergency process
   are established by using the System Dynamics Method and Vensim software.
   First, six factors including transportation distance, the degree of
   mechanical modernization, delay time of personnel control, delay time of
   traffic information release, command level coefficient, and delay time of
   department arrival are selected as parameters to test the model's
   sensitivity analysis.  Then, the influences of the abovementioned factors on
   the observed value, such as the demand gap of on-site materials, number of
   people in safe area, number of vehicles in safe area, amount of disposal
   information, and the dynamic evolution behavior of the system, are analyzed.
   The results show that the transportation distance is shortened by half, and
   the time to fill the demand gap is reduced by 39%. The level of mechanical
   modernization is doubled, the peak inventory of materials in transit will
   increase by 9.2%, and the time to reach the peak will be shortened by 6.8%.
   If the delay time of personnel control is shortened by 480 s, the number of
   people to be evacuated in accident area will be reduced by 56. The delay
   time of traffic information release is shortened by 480 s, the number of
   vehicles to be evacuated is reduced by 74, and the time when the vehicle
   stops entering accident area is 1646 s in advance.  The command level
   coefficient increases by 9.5%, and the speed of action execution increases
   by 9.6%.  © 2021 Guo-sheng Zhang et al.
ID accidents; dynamics; materials handling; personnel; sensitivity analysis;
   system theory; vehicles; delay time; emergency response; mechanical; number
   of peoples; number of vehicles; safe areas; system dynamics modeling;
   traffic information; transport of dangerous goods; transportation distance;
   roads and streets

---

UT 284
AR Wang Y/8, 2021, WUHAN LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO (JIAOTONG KEXUE YU GONGCHENG BAN),
   V45, P429, DOI 10.3963/j.issn.2095-3844.2021.03.007
TI Judgment of Feedback Relationship of SD Model Based on LV; [基于LV的SD模型反馈关系判定]
AU Wang Y/8; Xu T; Pang T
TC 0
SO WUHAN LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO (JIAOTONG KEXUE YU GONGCHENG BAN)
PY 2021
AB System dynamics (SD) model is suitable for static feedback systems with
   clear feedback relationship, but for dynamic feedback systems with fuzzy
   feedback relationship, SD model has a large error in prediction.  In view of
   the monotony of feedback loop mechanism in SD model, Lotka-Volterra (LV)
   theory in ecology was introduced, and the historical data relations in the
   system were judged and processed by LV model, and the nodes with slightly
   changed system relations were quantified.  According to LV theory, the
   feedback nodes in SD model were judged for time evolution, and a dynamic
   time-varying LV-SD model was established.  Vensim was used to simulate the
   influence of the change of the relationship between the three modes of
   transportation on GDP in Chongqing comprehensive transportation system, and
   the SD transportation system based on three-dimensional LV judgment was
   established.  The simulation results show that the prediction accuracy of
   LV-SD model is improved by nearly 28% compared with SD model.  The research
   shows that LV theory can quantify the feedback link relationship in SD model
   and improve the prediction accuracy.  © 2021, Editorial Department of
   Journal of Wuhan University of Technology.  All right reserved.
DE comprehensive transportation; dynamic time-varying; feedback loop; lotka-
   volterra model; system dynamics model

---

UT 285
AR Zhai W, 2024, KSCE J CIV ENG, V28, P6001, DOI 10.1007/s12205-024-2673-0
TI A Network Governance Model for Enhancing Socially Responsible Collective
   Action in Mega Water Transfer Projects
AU Zhai W; Ling FYY; Ding J; Wang Z
TC 0
SO KSCE J CIV ENG
PY 2024
AB Megaprojects need to be developed in a socially responsible manner as they
   may otherwise, like some mega water transfer (MWT) projects, cause
   ecological damage, environmental pollution, labor conflict, and other
   problems.  Socially responsible collective action (SRCA) can be measured
   through intentions to take collective action (internal driving mechanisms)
   and behaviors to engage in collective action (external driving mechanisms).
   This research aims to develop and validate a network governance model to
   explore how SRCA, in the context of MWT projects, is enhanced.  Data were
   collected from 365 respondents involved in MWT projects via an online
   survey.  System dynamics (SD) was used to establish the system flow diagram
   model.  Thereafter, Vensim PLE software was used to perform simulation and
   sensitivity analyses of the model.  The results demonstrate that the network
   governance model explains how to enhance the SRCA of stakeholders in MWT
   projects.  The main findings indicate that external driving mechanisms
   positively impact the SRCA during the entire project lifecycle, with values
   fluctuating around the initial level from the early to the mid-late stages,
   with small fluctuation.  Internal driving mechanisms also positively impact
   SRCA, with values continuously increasing from the early to the mid-late
   stage.  © Korean Society of Civil Engineers 2024.
DE external driving mechanisms; internal driving mechanisms; mega water
   transfer ( mwt ) projects; network governance theory; socially responsible
   collective action ( srca )
ID economic and social effects; system theory; collective action; driving
   mechanism; external driving; external driving mechanism; internal driving
   mechanism; mega water transfer  project; network governance theory; network
   governances; socially responsible collective action; water transfer
   projects; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 286
AR Raj A, 2023, UPSTREAM OIL GAS TECHNOL, V11, DOI 10.1016/j.upstre.2023.100090
TI System Dynamics Approach to Evaluate the Oil and Gas Supply Chain: A Case
   Study
AU Raj A; Mali BS; Kumar B; Singh CS; Nainawat GK
TC 6
SO UPSTREAM OIL GAS TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB The worldwide economic shock caused by the COVID-19 outbreak has widespread
   and dramatic effects on the energy sector [1]. The World Health Organization
   (WHO) declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic by early March 2020,
   which resulted in the imposition of partial to complete lockdown in almost
   all countries and territories worldwide.  This unprecedented shock has led
   oil and gas markets through a strong supply and trade adjustment, resulting
   in historically low spot prices and a drastic fall in demand [1]. Since the
   oil and gas supply chain is very dynamic in nature, the disturbances in
   maintenance operations and routine work in the oil and gas industry may
   result in heavy disruptions in the oil and gas industry by affecting the
   various areas like workforce, production, and storage in the supply chain
   [1,2]. This study is oriented towards the comprehensive study of the
   upstream oil and gas supply chain, and briefly discusses the complete oil
   gas supply chain.  We have investigated the disruption in the supply chain
   based on the comparative study of the pre-pandemic and post-pandemic
   situations.  The most affected areas of the supply chain due to the
   disruptions are termed as 'Hotspots' and these disruptions are imitated by
   developing a model in Stella software, implementing the system dynamics
   approach.  Further, the model has worked for one fiscal year by providing
   data input of oil/gas prices, current and forecasted demand and impact of
   COVID -19 is analysed.  © 2023
DE covid-19 pandemic; oil and gas industry; resilience; supply chain; system
   dynamics

---

UT 287
AR Chunga BA, 2023, PHYS CHEM EARTH, V129, DOI 10.1016/j.pce.2022.103355
TI Water allocation using system dynamic modelling in the aquaculture
   integrated with small-scale irrigation systems in Malawi
AU Chunga BA; Marx W; Cai X/1; de Clercq W; Watson A; Malota M
TC 6
SO PHYS CHEM EARTH
PY 2023
AB The agricultural sector is faced with numerous challenges including climate
   change and water scarcity in many developing countries.  In order to address
   scarcity and improve water use efficiency for rural farmers, fish farming is
   being integrated with small-scale irrigation.  However, there are challenges
   in how to allocate water between the two farming enterprises.  This study
   explored the capabilities of system dynamics to allocate water between a
   fish pond and a crop field in Chingale, Malawi using a system dynamic
   software, Vensim™ PLE. For soil water and pond water, a simple water balance
   structure was built and connected to the crop growth structure.  Simulations
   run for 125 days corresponding to the maize growth period.  Model results
   are similar to the actual yield (about 3.5 ton/ha for hybrid) and biomass
   production (about 7 ton/ha) in the area.  Results also show it was possible
   to maintain pond water depth at recommended depths for raising fish: fish
   stocking (1 m), operation of the pond (1.5–2.0 m) and harvesting of the fish
   (less than 1.2 m) throughout the maize growing period.  While the study did
   not comprehensively build and simulate fish growth, the use of such simple
   tools would benefit rural farmers with few resources.  Based on the
   promising capabilities and the results of the tool it is recommended that
   further comprehensive analysis to fully incorporate all key sub-components
   affecting crop and fish growth be carried out.  © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
DE chingale; decision support tool; small-scale irrigation; system dynamics;
   vensim model
ID malawi; climate change; crops; decision support systems; developing
   countries; farms; fish; lakes; rural areas; soil moisture; system theory;
   water supply; chingale; decision support tool; decision supports; pond
   water; simple++; small-scale; small-scale irrigation; support tool; system
   dynamics; vensim model; aquaculture; decision support system; developing
   world; fish; irrigation system; maize; modeling; pond culture; resource
   allocation; water resource; water use efficiency; irrigation

---

UT 288
AR Wang Y/3, 2025, PLOS, V20, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0331703
TI A System dynamics analysis of the factors influencing the promotion of
   prefabricated decoration, based on a co-occurrence network
AU Wang Y/3; Liu J/5; Zhang G; Geng X; Liu Y/6
TC 0
SO PLOS
PY 2025
AB Prefabricated decoration effectively addresses resource waste, environmental
   pollution, and quality issues associated with traditional decoration
   methods.  It also enhances the functionality of prefabricated buildings and
   offers promising market potential.  Currently, insufficient attention from
   both the public and managers hinders prefabricated decoration development.
   To address this, this study analyzed 68 relevant documents from the China
   National Knowledge Infrastructure and Web of Science databases, identified
   34 factors affecting the promotion of prefabricated decoration, and
   constructed a co-occurrence network model based on an adjacency matrix.  The
   centrality index was used to identify four key factors related to the three
   core stakeholders: government support, technical level, developers’
   willingness to use, and consumers’ willingness to use.  Subsequently, the
   four key factors were simulated using Vensim software.  The evolutionary
   trends of the system and the interactions between these factors were
   analyzed.  The findings reveal that both developers and consumers show
   strong sensitivity to financial subsidies.  As a result, the government can
   effectively increase subsidies to encourage adoption of prefabricated
   decoration.  Additionally, enhancing the use of BIM technology throughout
   the project life cycle has been shown to promote synergy within the
   industrial chain, thereby improving promotion efficiency.  Consumer feedback
   is essential for ensuring policy accuracy and plays a crucial role in
   advancing the industry's development.  The novel contributions of this paper
   include the integration of co-occurrence network analysis with a system
   dynamics model, identifying key factors through the co-occurrence network,
   and uncovering the complex interactions between these factors via the system
   dynamics model.  Based on the simulation results, this study predicts the
   development prospects of prefabricated decoration, offering both a
   theoretical foundation and practical guidance for policy formulation and
   promotion strategies.  © 2025 Wang et al.  This is an open access article
   distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License,
   which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any
   medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
ID china; construction industry; construction materials; humans; systems
   analysis; adult; article; centrality index; china; consumer; controlled
   study; dynamics; feedback system; government; human; infrastructure; life
   cycle; network analysis; open access publishing; simulation; software; web
   of science; building industry; building material; procedures; system
   analysis

---

UT 289
AR Sun Y/2, 2022, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12253, DOI 10.1117/12.2639560
TI Prediction and Analysis of Carbon Emissions from Construction Industry in
   Liaoning Province Based on System Dynamics
AU Sun Y/2; Wei W; Li L
TC 1
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2022
AB To respond to national policy requirements, reduce carbon emissions in the
   construction industry, and achieve the goal of "carbon peaking and carbon
   neutrality" as soon as possible.  In this paper, a system dynamics model is
   proposed to predict and analyze carbon emissions in the construction
   industry in Liaoning Province.  First, the influencing factors of carbon
   emissions in the construction industry in Liaoning Province are sorted out
   by searching relevant literature.  Secondly, combined with the relevant data
   of the construction industry in Liaoning Province from 2009 to 2019 and the
   "14th Five-Year Plan" policy, set different simulation scenarios and use
   Vensim software to reasonably predict the carbon emissions of the
   construction industry from 2020 to 2030, and find out the impact of carbon
   emissions.  The internal logical relationship of the main factors provides a
   theoretical basis and emission reduction path for reducing the energy
   consumption of the construction industry, reducing the total carbon
   emissions, and realizing the green and sustainable development of buildings.
   © 2022 SPIE.
DE carbon emissions; construction industry in liaoning province; predictive
   analysis; system dynamics
ID carbon; computer software; emission control; energy utilization;
   forecasting; system theory; carbon emissions; carbon neutralities;
   construction industry in liaoning province; five-year plans; liaoning
   province; national-policy; prediction and analysis; system dynamics; system
   dynamics modeling; vensim softwares; construction industry

---

UT 290
AR Ma L, 2020, J CLEAN PROD, V268, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2020.122206
TI Ecodesign method of intelligent boom sprayer based on Preferable Brownfield
   Process
AU Ma L; Xu Y/1; Zheng J/1; Dai X
TC 12
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2020
AB An intelligent boom sprayer (IBS) can realize efficient, precise and
   variable pesticides spraying operations on diverse crops and terrains by
   reconfiguring its hardware/software modules.  Therefore, an ecological and
   reconfigurable design development strategy for IBS to get design goals, such
   as detachability, recyclability, maintainability, and reusability, will play
   a key role in ensuring the functions, service life and quality requirements
   of the product.  After analyzing connotation and features of IBS,the
   Brownfield Process (BfP) was optimized to construct a Preferable Brownfield
   Process (P-BfP) which could achieve IBS ecodesign goals through analyzing
   the applicability and interference of IBS design and using Axiomatic Design
   (AD) as a main optimization theory role.  The content identification and
   communication mechanism of the P-BfP were studied.  The importance of
   existing resource reuse and standardization in the product design process
   for ecodesign was also highlighted.  Dynamic models of BfP and P-BfP were
   built by using System Dynamics (SD) for providing a method to optimize the
   P-BfP design process.  The simulation results showed that the P-BfP is more
   suitable for IBS design than the BfP from the time dimension by applying
   Vensim PLE and can improve the operating efficiency by 40% and reduce the
   training time by 50% while scientifically guiding the development of IBS.
   Finally, the feasibility of P-BfP was illustrated through comparing boom
   structure development result.  The research results provide valuable
   scientific guidance for the ecodesign of reconfigurable modular products
   like IBS. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
DE boom structure development; intelligent boom sprayer; preferable brownfield
   process; system dynamics model analysis
ID ecodesign; reusability; site selection; communication mechanisms; content
   identifications; operating efficiency; optimization theory; product design
   process; quality requirements; reconfigurable designs; structure
   development; product design

---

UT 291
AR Akbarzadeh Khorshidi H, 2025, DISCOV ONCOL, V16, DOI
   10.1007/s12672-025-03705-7
TI Implementation of whole genome sequencing in cancer management: modelling
   and sensitivity analysis using system dynamics
AU Akbarzadeh Khorshidi H; Soltanolkottabi M; IJzerman MJ
TC 0
SO DISCOV ONCOL
PY 2025
AB Precision oncology using biomarkers and genomic testing facilitates
   individualised diagnosis and consequently treatment for cancer patients.
   Standard of Care is conducted through assays of biomarkers for treatment
   selection.  However, Whole Genome Sequencing (WGS) provides excessively more
   information about actionable mutations and complex interventions.  Despite
   its potentials in cancer management, WGS is restricted by its high cost and
   limited capacity.  Implementing WGS is complex because it influences several
   elements of the care delivery and deals with the dynamic changes in supply,
   demand, technology, and cost.  In this study, we use a System Dynamics (SD)
   model to evaluate WGS implementation.  We also use the developed SD model to
   conduct sensitivity analysis to derive insights for decision-making on
   genomic testing scenarios.  Various scenarios have been compared by the
   number of diagnosed patients and total cost.  These scenarios have been
   created through alterations in WGS referral system, capacity, price, and
   willingness rate as well as testing time across different hospitals.  The
   results showed that referring more patients for WGS will increase the number
   of diagnosed patients (by 30%), however it will impose more cost on the
   system (by 20%) due to higher cost of WGS. Therefore, investment strategies
   toward reducing cost of WGS as well as reimbursement policies can be
   beneficial to make WGS more economic and accessible.  This study shows how
   the developed SD model can contribute to providing insights for policy
   makers in finding the optimal way for implementing WGS. © The Author(s)
   2025.
DE health policy; precision oncology; sensitivity analysis; system dynamics;
   whole genome sequencing
ID biological marker; article; biomedical technology assessment; decision
   making; health care system; human; non small cell lung cancer;
   reimbursement; sensitivity analysis; teaching hospital; university hospital;
   whole genome sequencing

---

UT 292
AR Zhu W/3, 2024, HELIYON, V10, DOI 10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e33959
TI Research on the evolution mechanism of intelligent manufacturing
   transformation of Chinese pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises based on
   system dynamics
AU Zhu W/3; Ouyang P; Kong M
TC 6
SO HELIYON
PY 2024
AB Under the impetus of the new industrial revolution, how to realize
   intelligent manufacturing transformation of traditional pharmaceutical
   manufacturing enterprises has realistic urgency.  The study starts from the
   perspective of complex adaptive system, constructs a system dynamics model
   of the evolution mechanism of intelligent manufacturing transformation of
   pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises based on technological adaptation
   and evolutionary adaptation, and analyzes it by simulation using Vensim PLE
   software.  The results of the study show that pharmaceutical manufacturing
   enterprises utilize technological affordances to provide support to realize
   network product-based manufacturing capability and smart product-based
   manufacturing capability through technological innovation capability and
   institutional optimization capability; the technological affordances
   environment promotes the realization of intelligent manufacturing
   transformation of pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises to present a
   stage transformation law.  The study enriches and extends the research
   paradigm of intelligent manufacturing transformation, and provides a
   reference for pharmaceutical manufacturing enterprises to realize
   intelligent manufacturing transformation.  © 2024 The Authors
DE intelligent manufacturing transformation; pharmaceutical manufacturing
   enterprises; system dynamics; technology affordances

---

UT 293
AR Hajbabaie M, 2023, ENV MONIT ASSESS, V195, DOI 10.1007/s10661-023-11054-7
TI Model of ecological resilience in Hyrcanian forests that combines the
   decision-making trial and evaluation method (DEMATEL) and system dynamics
AU Hajbabaie M; Jozi SA; Farsad F; Kiadaliri H; Gharagozlou A
TC 7
SO ENV MONIT ASSESS
PY 2023
AB The present study assessed the resilience model of Hyrcanian forests with
   Navroud-Asalem watershed as a case study.  The Navroud-Assalem watershed was
   selected for study because of its special environmental characteristics and
   access to relatively acceptable information.  In order to model resilience,
   the appropriate indices influencing resilience in Hyrcanian forests were
   identified and selected.  The criteria of biological diversity and forest
   health and vitality were selected along with the indices of species
   diversity, forest-type diversity, mixed stands, and the infected area
   percentage forests with disturbance factors.  Thirteen sub-indices and 33
   variables were determined and the relationship between the indices and
   criteria was identified by developing a questionnaire using the decision-
   making trial and evaluation laboratory (DEMATEL) method.  The weights of
   each index were estimated in Vensim software using the fuzzy analytic
   hierarchy process.  Collecting and analyzing the regional information, the
   conceptual model was developed and formulated quantitatively and
   mathematically and was entered into Vensim for resilience modeling of the
   selected parcels.  The DEMATEL method indicated that the species diversity
   indices and the percentage of affected forests had the greatest influence
   and interaction with other factors in the system.  The parcels studied had
   different slopes and were affected by the input variables.  They were
   considered as resilient if they were found to maintain current conditions.
   Avoidance of exploitation, infestation by pests, severe fires in the region,
   and increased livestock grazing compared to the existing situation were
   among the prerequisites for resilience in the region.  Vensim modeling
   represents that in control parcel no.  232 the nondimensional resilience
   parameter is 3025 (the most resilient parcel), while in the disturbed parcel
   no.  278 this amount is 1775 (the least resilient parcel). © 2023, The
   Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE dynamic system; f-ahp; iran; modeling; resilience; vensim
ID animals; biodiversity; environmental monitoring; fires; forests; livestock;
   iran; biodiversity; forestry; watersheds; decisions makings; evaluation
   methods; f-ahp; hyrcanian forests; iran; modeling; resilience; resilience
   model; system dynamics; vensim; analytical hierarchy process; computer
   simulation; decision making; disturbance; ecological approach; ecological
   modeling; ecosystem resilience; forest cover; mixed forest; montane forest;
   numerical model; software; species diversity; stand structure; watershed;
   article; conceptual model; ecosystem resilience; environmental decision
   making; environmental exploitation; environmental factor; fire; forest;
   forest dynamics; fuzzy system; grazing; infestation; information processing;
   iran; mathematical model; species diversity; watershed; animal;
   biodiversity; environmental monitoring; fire; forest; livestock; decision
   making

---

UT 294
AR Ismaeel WA, 2022, GEOTECH ENG SUSTAIN CONSTR - SUSTAIN GEOTECH ENG, P681,
   DOI 10.1007/978-981-16-6277-5_54
TI Modeling of Variation Orders in Cost and Time Using System Dynamics in Iraqi
   Construction Projects
AU Ismaeel WA; Naji HI; Zehawi RN
TC 0
SO GEOTECH ENG SUSTAIN CONSTR - SUSTAIN GEOTECH ENG
PY 2022
AB The construction industry owner quite often issues variation orders, and
   they can cause the contractor's work to be disrupted, impact time and cost
   overruns.  Rework and minor changes can be qualitatively predicted and
   estimated during the bidding process for the most significant projects.
   This research explains the meaning, application, and potential application
   of system dynamics in assessing the impacts of variation order on cost and
   time.  The model boundary is defined, including Exogenous and Endogenous
   variables.  The Casual loop diagram CLD is built to explain the system
   structure after determining the modeling parameters fully.  Using Vensim
   software, a system dynamics model is created, verified, and validated before
   being used to quantify the impact of variation orders in project scope on
   cost and time.  The research aims to use system dynamics to simulate
   variation orders in Iraqi construction projects' cost and time.  There are a
   large number of variation orders that occurred in most construction projects
   in Iraq.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Singapore Pte Ltd.  2022.
DE endogenous; exogenous; system structure; variation orders; vensim
ID system theory; construction projects; endogenous; exogenous; impact costs;
   impact time; system dynamics; systems structure; time overrun; variation
   order; vensim; construction industry

---

UT 295
AR [Anonymous], 2025, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V1476, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/1476/1/012070
TI System dynamics modeling of the layer chicken feed supply chain in Simeulue
   regency
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2025
AB This study aims to assess the condition of the layer chicken feed supply
   chain in Simeulue Regency and design an optimal model.  The methodology
   employed is system dynamics, a systemic thinking approach that takes into
   account feedback loops and delays to understand the complex behavioral
   dynamics within the supply chain.  Primary data were collected through
   interviews with relevant business actors, such as poultry farmers, traders,
   feed distributors, producers, sellers, BUMDes, and decision-makers involved
   in input provision, production, and marketing.  Secondary data were obtained
   from related institutions.  Model formulation and data analysis were
   conducted using Vensim PLE software.  The findings indicate that the feed
   supply chain in Simeulue Regency is overly long and frequently experiences
   significant delays, necessitating a shortening of the supply chain to
   expedite feed delivery and optimize egg production.  This study successfully
   developed nine sub-models of the layer chicken feed supply chain, including
   the sub-models for business actors, feed production capacity, feed
   production, layer chicken breeding, feed transportation, feed inventory,
   market growth, labor, and financial dynamics.  These models provide
   essential insights into improving supply chain efficiency and ensuring a
   smooth feed supply in Simeulue Regency.  © 2025 Institute of Physics
   Publishing.  All rights reserved.

---

UT 296
AR Tian L, 2022, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12460, DOI 10.1117/12.2658301
TI Emission Reduction Prediction and Policy Simulation of Prefabricated
   Buildings Using System Dynamics
AU Tian L; Jiang R; Chen X/3; Xie J/1; Wang L/2; Liu X/2; Dang J
TC 2
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2022
AB Under the national "double carbon" goal, taking the prefabricated building
   as the research goal, the system dynamics model of prefabricated building is
   constructed using Vensim software.  Draw the causal circuit diagram and
   stock flow diagram, determine the model equation, study the relationship and
   action mechanism between different influencing factors of prefabricated
   buildings.  Simulate the change trend of carbon emission of prefabricated
   buildings under the time series, investigate the sensitivity of 8 types of
   industrial policy changes to the system.  Taking Xi'an city as an example,
   the results show that the market share of prefabricated buildings in Xi'an
   city will reach 52%, and the total emission reduction will reach 12.56
   million tons in 2030. Industrial policies play an obvious role in promoting
   the development of prefabricated buildings.  The implementation of
   construction policies, fiscal policies, technical policies and ecological
   development policies have good effects, which plays a great role in
   promoting the development of prefabricated buildings and energy conservation
   and emission reduction in Xi'an city, and provide references for emission
   reduction in other cities.  © 2022 SPIE.
DE carbon emission; policy simulation; prefabricated building; system dynamics;
   vensim
ID carbon; emission control; energy conservation; historic preservation; system
   theory; carbon emissions; emission reduction; industrial policies; policy
   simulation; research goals; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling;
   vensim; vensim softwares; xian cities; competition

---

UT 297
AR Yang X/3, 2026, ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV, V93, DOI 10.1016/j.esd.2026.101984
TI Research on the evolutionary development mechanism of renewable energy-coal
   coupling system: A system dynamics approach
AU Yang X/3; Li X/6
TC 0
SO ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2026
AB Under the “Dual Carbon” targets, resource-rich regions face the dual
   challenges of renewable energy integration and environmental pollution
   control, while the evolution of renewable energy (RE) and coal coupled
   systems brings transformative pressures to traditional coal mining and power
   generation sectors.  This study constructs an integrated RE-coal coupled
   system by deeply synergizing regional renewable and coal resources across
   industrial chains.  Employing system dynamics theory, we elucidate cross-
   sector interaction mechanisms and feedback loops, develop a dynamic model
   simulated via Vensim, and quantitatively assess its economic benefits.  The
   findings indicate that the green hydrogen-anchored coupling system exhibits
   both economic viability with an annual profit of 10 billion CNY and
   technical feasibility with a carbon dioxide reduction of 1.36 million tons.
   By leveraging the regional advantages of low-cost renewable energy and
   abundant coal resources, this model decouples economic growth from carbon
   emissions, providing an implementable pathway for renewable energy and coal-
   rich regions to fulfill their 2030 carbon peak commitments.  © 2026
   International Energy Initiative
DE carbon emission reduction; renewable energy and coal coupling system;
   renewable energy integration; system dynamics
ID carbon dioxide; coal; coal industry; coal research; dynamics; economic
   analysis; energy policy; pollution control; renewable energy; carbon
   emissions reductions; coal resources; coupled systems; coupling systems;
   development mechanisms; evolutionary development; renewable energies;
   renewable energy and coal coupling system; renewable energy integrations;
   system dynamics; alternative energy; carbon emission; coal mining; coal
   supply; emission control; numerical model; power generation; coal deposits;
   system theory

---

UT 298
AR de Assis RF, 2021, INT J ADV MANUF TECHNOL, V114, P3537, DOI
   10.1007/s00170-021-07053-y
TI Translating value stream maps into system dynamics models: a practical
   framework
AU de Assis RF; de Santa-Eulalia LA; Ferreira WP; Armellini F; Anholon R;
   Rampasso IS; Santos JGCL
TC 25
SO INT J ADV MANUF TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB One of the best-known tools from Lean Thinking is the Value Stream Mapping
   (VSM), which stands for a visual modelling approach allowing the
   identification of critical steps in a supply chain, thus helping to identify
   organisational bottlenecks and wastes.  Despite its relevance, VSM is based
   on a static report from the time the mapping was performed.  To add dynamism
   to VSM analysis, computer-based simulations can be employed; however, little
   is done in the domain of Systems Dynamics (SD), a known modelling approach
   usually employed to get insights about stock and flows behaviour.  In this
   context, this research aims to propose a practical framework called VSM-to-
   SD to help modellers easily translate VSM into System Dynamics quantitative
   models using the notation of two known modelling tools on the market, namely
   Stella(C) and Vensim(C). To demonstrate its usefulness and ease-of-use, a
   proof-of-concept is developed in an industrial case study.  Results suggest
   the efficiency of the VSM-to-SD framework, including its ability to
   straightforwardly generate simulation-based VSM, allowing analytic
   comparisons of different simulation scenarios, and expanding the analytic
   decision-making capacity of managers desiring to go further than traditional
   and static VSM. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-
   Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature.
DE lean manufacturing; simulation modeling; stella; system dynamics; value
   stream mapping; vensim
ID computer aided analysis; decision making; mapping; supply chains; computer
   based simulation; industrial case study; proof of concept; quantitative
   models; system dynamics model; value stream mapping; value stream maps;
   visual modeling; system theory

---

UT 299
AR Tong Y/1, 2023, INT CONF CLOUD COMPUT BIG DATA ANAL ICCCBDA, P322, DOI
   10.1109/ICCCBDA56900.2023.10154672
TI Research on the Evolution of Network Public Opinion of Enterprise
   Environmental Emergencies Based on System Dynamics
AU Tong Y/1; Xia D; Deng S
TC 1
SO INT CONF CLOUD COMPUT BIG DATA ANAL ICCCBDA
PY 2023
AB In order to actively and effectively manage the public opinion needs
   triggered by enterprise environmental emergencies, exploring the related
   factors that affect the heat of enterprise environmental emergencies can
   help enterprises to scientifically deal with public opinion crisis and
   control the negative effects of network public opinion on enterprises.
   Using the system dynamics modeling method, this paper studied the dynamic
   behavior of the evolution process of network public opinion of enterprise
   environmental emergencies from the four dimensions of netizens, media,
   government and enterprises.  This paper simulates and analyzes the evolution
   model of network public opinion with Vensim PLE. The research results show
   that the evolution of network public opinion on enterprise environmental
   emergencies generally presents a cyclical process of four stages: gestation,
   shock, adjustment and adaptation, and end.  Variables such as public
   sentiment, response speed, information transparency, and enterprise
   disclosure channel preference gap all have a greater impact on the
   dissemination of network public opinion on enterprise environmental
   emergencies.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE environmental emergencies; network public opinion; system dynamics
ID system theory; dynamic behaviors; environmental emergencies; evolution
   process; model method; network public opinions; public opinion crisis;
   related factors; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; social aspects

---

UT 300
AR Salvati RO, 2026, IEEE ACCESS, V14, P44816, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2026.3674331
TI A System Dynamics Model for Evaluation of Residential Demand-Side Management
   Strategies With Photovoltaic Generation, Electric Vehicles, and Battery
   Storage
AU Salvati RO; Teive RCG
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2026
AB The increasing penetration of distributed energy resources in the
   residential sector, including photovoltaic generation (PV), electric
   vehicles (EV), and battery energy storage systems, has significantly altered
   electricity consumption patterns and introduced new challenges for energy
   management.  These technologies, combined with time-of-use (TOU) tariffs,
   require analytical tools capable of representing the dynamic interactions
   among consumption, generation, storage, and tariff structures.  This paper
   proposes a modular simulation model based on System Dynamics to evaluate
   residential electricity consumption, energy costs, and demand profile under
   different technological configurations and demand-side management (DSM)
   strategies.  The model was implemented in Vensim and integrates residential
   load profiles, PV generation based on peak sun hours, EV charging schedules,
   behind-the-meter battery storage, and both flat and TOU tariffs.  DSM
   strategies based on load shifting were incorporated to evaluate their impact
   on cost reduction and system performance.  Simulation results demonstrate
   that the effectiveness of TOU tariffs strongly depends on load management
   strategies and the coordination between PV generation and battery storage.
   In the most complete scenario, DSM reduced the discounted payback period
   from approximately 6.0 years to 4.7 years under time-of-use tariffs,
   representing an improvement of 1.3 years.  The proposed model provides a
   flexible and integrated framework for analyzing residential energy systems
   and supports decision-making related to distributed energy resource
   integration and tariff selection.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE battery storage; demand-side management; electric vehicles; photovoltaic
   generation; residential energy modeling; system dynamics
ID battery management systems; behavioral research; charging ( batteries );
   cost reduction; demand-side management; distributed energy; dynamics;
   electric utilities; electric vehicles; energy resources; housing; secondary
   batteries; system theory; battery storage; demand-side; distributed energy
   resources; management strategies; photovoltaics generations; residential
   energy models; residential sectors; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; time of use tariffs; battery storage

---

UT 301
AR Ma J/1, 2025, PLOS COMPUT BIOL, P1, DOI 10.1371/journal.pcbi.1013186
TI Optimization of echinococcosis control measures based on system dynamics
AU Ma J/1; Liu X/9; He Z/1; Zhang H/2; Ma Y; Fan Z; Zhao X/1; Zhi J; Cao Q/1;
   Xue H; Gou H
TC 1
SO PLOS COMPUT BIOL
PY 2025
AB This study aimed to provide strategies to optimize the prevention and
   control measures of echinococcosis in Gansu Province.  Based on the
   transmission mechanism of echinococcosis, a System Dynamics (SD) model of
   echinococcosis in Gansu Province was established using Vensim software.
   Through this model, parameters such as vaccination coverage, domestic dog
   deworming coverage, slaughter management level, and health education level
   were adjusted to predict the changing trends in the number of human cases
   and infected sheep.  The results showed that the number of human cases was
   most sensitive to the adjustment of health education level, followed by
   changes to vaccination coverage.  The number of infected sheep was most
   sensitive to the adjustment of vaccination coverage, followed by the
   adjustment of slaughter management level.  Based on these simulation
   results, the prevention and control measures for echinococcosis in Gansu
   Province were further optimized.  The results showed that if the health
   education level and the vaccination coverage were increased by 50% and 40%,
   respectively, based on the current prevention and control levels, the number
   of human cases would approach zero by approximately 2026. When the
   vaccination coverage and slaughter management level increased by 60% and
   45%, respectively, based on current prevention and control levels, the
   number of infected sheep would approach zero by approximately 2027. This
   study applied the SD method to the prevention and control of echinococcosis
   for the first time, and the results can provide key decision-making
   recommendations to optimize the prevention and control measures of
   echinococcosis in Gansu province.  © 2025 Ma et al.
ID animals; china; computational biology; computer simulation; dogs;
   echinococcosis; humans; sheep; sheep diseases; vaccination; computer
   software; decision making; system theory; control level; control measures;
   gansu province; health education; management level; optimizations;
   prevention and controls; prevention measures; system dynamics; transmission
   mechanisms; antihelminthic therapy; article; controlled study; decision
   making; disease control; dog; dynamics; echinococcosis; health education;
   mortality; nonhuman; process optimization; sheep; simulation; vaccination
   coverage; animal; bioinformatics; china; computer simulation; epidemiology;
   human; prevention and control; sheep disease; vaccination; veterinary
   medicine; dynamics

---

UT 302
AR [Anonymous], 2023, ADV ANIM VET SCI, V11, P236, DOI
   10.17582/journal.aavs/2023/11.2.236.245
TI Application of System Dynamics Modelling in Evaluating Sustainability of
   Beef Cattle Production and Business System in Smallholder Farmers in South
   Sumatera, Indonesia
TC 6
SO ADV ANIM VET SCI
PY 2023
AB Beef cattle production and business model as a complex and dynamic concept
   requires understanding from a production, nutrition, and economic
   perspective.  This study aims to analyze production systems, evaluate
   smallholder beef cattle businesses, and stimulate business development
   scenarios to increase income for sustainable business corporations with a
   dynamic system approach.  Data were collected through interview methods to
   obtain data on production systems and business models, reproductive and
   economic parameters, and feed applications to obtain production parameters
   at the Field Station-School for Smallholder Community (FS-SSC) Maju Bersama,
   Musi Banyuasin Regency in 2021. The feed application experimental design
   used a factorial 3x2 Randomized Block Design (RBD) with 10 replications.  A
   descriptive analysis was conducted to evaluate the corporate model’s
   production system and business management.  Production analysis was analyzed
   using ANOVA and data were processed using R studio software version 4.1.2.
   Furthermore, the observed parameters include average daily gain (ADG), dry
   matter intake (DMI), pregnancy rate, the ratio of male and female calf
   births, mortality rates, production costs and income.  A business
   feasibility analysis is calculated by the value of net present value (NPV),
   benefit/cost (B/C ratio), and internal rate of return (IRR). Vensim software
   and powersim studio version 10 were used to compile causal loop (CLD) and
   flow chart diagrams, followed by dynamic system analysis.  Based on the
   simulation results, the existing production model has not been declared
   feasible as a business with an NPV value of IDR. 683,350,309.27. The
   simulation results with improved feed and increased marketing showed that
   the best scenario in corporate business development is semi-intensive
   breeding.  Intensive fattening cattle are given an additional marketing
   frequency concentrate twice with an interest rate of 6%. The feed
   application experimental design used a factorial 3x2 Randomized Block Design
   (RBD) with 10 replications.  A descriptive analysis was conducted to
   evaluate the corporate model’s production system and business management.
   Production analysis was analyzed using ANOVA and data were processed using R
   studio software version 4.1.2. Furthermore, the observed parameters include
   average daily gain (ADG), dry matter intake (DMI), pregnancy rate, the ratio
   of male and female calf births, mortality rates, production costs and
   income.  A business feasibility analysis is calculated by the value of net
   present value (NPV), benefit/cost (B/C ratio), and internal rate of return
   (IRR). Vensim software and powersim studio version 10 were used to compile
   causal loop (CLD) and flow chart diagrams, followed by dynamic system
   analysis.  Based on the simulation results, the existing production model
   has not been declared feasible as a business with an NPV value of IDR.
   683,350,309.27. The simulation results with improved feed and increased
   marketing showed that the best scenario in corporate business development is
   semi-intensive breeding.  Intensive fattening cattle are given an additional
   marketing frequency concentrate twice with an interest rate of 6%. It was
   concluded that the beef cattle business in smallholder farming system was
   feasible with improved feed, increased marketing and a maximum interest rate
   of 6% per year.  It was concluded that the beef cattle business in
   smallholder farming system was feasible with improved feed, increased
   marketing and a maximum interest rate of 6% per year.  © 2022 by the
   authors.  Licensee ResearchersLinks Ltd, England, UK. This article is an
   open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the
   Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license
   (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
DE cattle business; dynamic model; financial feasibility; sustainability

---

UT 303
AR Bigdeli E, 2020, KYBERNETES, V49, P2521, DOI 10.1108/K-05-2019-0358
TI A dynamic model of effective factors on Agile business–IT alignment
AU Bigdeli E; Motadel M; Toloie Eshlaghy A; Radfar R
TC 7
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2020
AB Purpose: This paper aims to present a dynamic model based on casual
   relationships among the most important effective factors on business–IT
   alignment in Agile businesses by using system dynamics modeling approach.
   Design/methodology/approach: To study the most important factors on agility
   and alignment, the data were collected by questionnaires filled by 201
   experts and were analyzed by SPSS and PLS. Casual relationships among
   studied factors and efficiency coefficients of each factor were identified
   by fuzzy DEMATEL technique and analyzed by MATLAB and EXCELL. Finally, the
   dynamic model was plotted by VENSIM. Findings: According to the results,
   only “learning IT capabilities” are the most important casual factor that
   has the highest influence on the other factors.  “Business responding
   capabilities” take the highest effect from the system, and “business sensing
   capabilities” are in the next rank.  Practical implications: This study
   underpins effective IT deployment toward developing efficient IT
   capabilities to gain greater agility.  Originality/value: The dynamic
   capabilities view (DCV) has emerged as an influential theoretical and
   management framework in modern IS and agility researches.  In this regard,
   we propose a conceptualization of dynamic capabilities in the form of an
   alignment model.  Based on the dynamic capabilities, and on the alignment
   perspectives found in Henderson and Venkatraman’s seminal model, IT
   alignment is modeled as a process of reconfiguration of the firm’s IT and
   organizational resources, competencies and capabilities.  © 2019, Emerald
   Publishing Limited.
DE agility; alignment; dynamic capabilities; fuzzy dematel technique; it
   architecture; system dynamics
ID alignment; dynamic models; enterprise resource management; surveys; system
   theory; agility; dynamic capabilities; fuzzy dematel; it architecture;
   system dynamics; agile manufacturing systems

---

UT 304
AR Jurjević M, 2024, J MAR SCI ENG, V12, DOI 10.3390/jmse12071218
TI Simulation Model of Hydraulic System States for Ship Cranes
AU Jurjević M
TC 3
SO J MAR SCI ENG
PY 2024
AB The aim of this research is to devise a continuous simulation model for
   predicting ship crane failures to increase their reliability and reduce
   unplanned downtime during cargo loading and unloading operations.  To
   predict the condition of the hydraulic system, a database from the GALIOT
   software package was used for carrying out maintenance on cranes at m/v “O”
   over a period of 120,000 working hours.  In the research, fault tree
   analysis (FTA) was used to identify causal relationships between system
   failures and basic events, while the Markov mathematical model was used to
   model the system state and predict transitions between different failure
   states.  A system dynamics simulation model was developed to simulate the
   behavior of a system using POWERSIM PowerSim Constructor 2.5.d (4002), and
   regression analysis was performed to analyze the simulation results and
   understand the relationships between dependent and independent variables.
   The results show that a model for predicting failures in the hydraulic
   motors and pumps of ship cranes was developed, and the Markov model makes it
   possible to estimate the frequency of transitions between states under the
   condition that the sum of reliability equals one.  The simulation model
   shows high reliability of the cranes and a constant frequency of failures
   throughout the 120,000 operating hours, while the regression analysis
   confirms the validity of the simulation model and shows a strong correlation
   between the analyzed variables.  These models are used to improve the
   planning of ship crane maintenance, reduce unplanned downtime, and predict
   and promptly detect failures, which overall minimizes maintenance costs and
   failures.  © 2024 by the author.
DE fault tree analysis ( fta ); galiot software package; markov model; ship
   cranes; simulation model; system reliability

---

UT 305
AR Vafaee M, 2025, ENV DEV SUSTAIN, V27, P14985, DOI 10.1007/s10668-023-04438-9
TI Optimal pricing of drinking water based on the average household income
   using a system dynamics approach
AU Vafaee M; Nozari H; Marofi S
TC 0
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2025
AB Proper planning, management of water resources, and improvement and
   development of management methods of water and sewerage network are
   essential for sustainable use of available water resources and prevention of
   economic losses of the Water and Sewerage Company.  In this research, the
   water and sewerage network of Hamedan was simulated using a system dynamics
   approach.  The model’s accuracy in determining the benefit–cost ratio was
   evaluated.  Based on the financial results, for the benefit–cost ratio, the
   values of root-mean-square error (RMSE), standard error (SE), and
   determination coefficient (R2) were calculated as 0.01, 0.03, and 0.993,
   respectively.  According to the results, the developed model in this
   research has high accuracy in simulating the company's financial balance.
   The optimal drinking water price in different scenarios was determined using
   the Powell optimization algorithm to improve the economic balance of the
   Water and Sewerage Company.  As long as the per capita consumption of low-
   income, medium-income, and high-income households is 138, 203, and
   268 L/day, respectively, we have no water shortage, and the benefit–cost
   ratio is improving.  The company's financial balance can be increased by
   determining the optimal drinking water price according to the income of
   urban households.  In addition, the level of social welfare can be increased
   by increasing the renovation rate of pipes.  © The Author(s), under
   exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. 2024.
DE optimization; powell algorithm; system dynamics; vensim; water and sewerage
   network
ID hamadan; iran; algorithm; drinking water; economic analysis; household
   income; numerical model; optimization; sewer network; water resource

---

UT 306
AR Shahsavari-Pour N, 2023, SUSTAIN, V15, DOI 10.3390/su15076225
TI Water Shortage Simulation Using a System Dynamics Approach: A Case Study of
   the Rafsanjan City
AU Shahsavari-Pour N; Bahador S; Heydari A; Fekih A
TC 5
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB Water shortage and its interconnected and integrated management is one of
   the life crises in recent years.  Factors such as population growth,
   plurality of population needs, traditional farming methods, climate change,
   and water waste are among the contributing factors to this crisis.  The
   complexity of water sources and consumption systems makes the management and
   decision-making related to this resource very difficult.  This research aims
   to study the effective factors in the water sources and consumption system
   of Rafsanjan city and suggests a simulated model of water shortage and its
   causes.  In this research, water shortage crises were simulated using system
   dynamics.  Important variables of the water shortage crisis are identified
   and optimized using the Design of Experiments (DOE) method.  Vensim software
   was considered to illustrate the simulations of five scenarios aiming at
   better managing water resources and dealing with the water shortage crisis
   in this city.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE rafsanjan city; system dynamics; water resources; water shortage crisis
ID iran; kerman [ iran ]; rafsanjan; crisis management; dynamic analysis;
   factor analysis; simulation; water management; water resource

---

UT 307
AR Lima CG, 2025, BIOL INVASIONS, V27, DOI 10.1007/s10530-025-03698-y
TI The combined effects of site susceptibility to invasion and fire on
   population dynamics of the invasive tree Acacia dealbata
AU Lima CG; Bastos R; Cabral JA; Alves P; Fernandes PM; Honrado JP; Kühn I;
   Malta-Pinto E; Marchante E; Richardson DM; Santos M; Verburg PH; Vicente JR
TC 0
SO BIOL INVASIONS
PY 2025
AB Disturbance by fire can significantly influence the spread and establishment
   of invasive alien plants, such as Acacia dealbata (silver wattle), which
   pose serious threats to ecosystems.  This study assessed the combined
   effects of fire count density and landscape susceptibility to invasion on
   the population dynamics of A. dealbata in the Minho region of Portugal using
   a mechanistic model.  The model, developed using STELLA software, comprises
   four submodels that address: (A) changing trends in land use and land cover
   (LULC); (B) fire events; (C) changes in the landscape susceptibility to
   invasion and (D) A. dealbata population dynamics.  Higher fire count
   densities led to higher A. dealbata population growth and regeneration,
   increasing landscape susceptibility to invasion.  Models such as the
   proposed approach can help identify potential priority areas for management,
   namely in sites with low initial structural diversity and continued A.
   dealbata population growth, as demonstrated in our dynamic simulations.  The
   model not only enhances understanding of interactions between fire and plant
   invasion dynamics but also provides a tool for predicting the dynamics of
   other invasive plant species to guide proactive and cost-effective
   management strategies.  © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer
   Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE fire; fire-invasion interactions; invasive alien species; land use and land
   cover ( lulc ); process-based modeling; system dynamics; tree invasions
ID portugal; dicotyledon; fire; introduced species; invasive species; land
   cover; land use change; population dynamics; population growth

---

UT 308
AR Antoniadou M, 2024, CIRC ECON SUSTAIN, V4, P1387, DOI
   10.1007/s43615-023-00324-8
TI The ECODENT Model for Enhancing Pro-environmental Behaviors in Dentists
AU Antoniadou M
TC 0
SO CIRC ECON SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB Climate change challenges people’s lives and sustainability.  Environmental
   problems seem to derive from human behavior.  Dentistry has a high
   ecological footprint that needs to be controlled worldwide.  Thus, the
   behavior change of dentists is a necessary condition to improve the
   environmental situation.  In this study, a system dynamics approach is used
   to analyze pro-environmental behavior in dentists.  Systemic modelling and
   simulation allow researchers to predict how the population of non-eco-
   dentists will change if certain factors are affected and how much time will
   be needed by the system of a group of dental professionals to become eco-
   dentists.  To this end, the ECODENT model is presented, which was developed
   using the Vensim software.  It is based on the classic Word of Mouth (WOM)
   model, which simulates how the WOM influences the spread of information
   among colleagues and stakeholders (e.g., patients, auxiliary staff, and
   community). The model incorporates relevant factors such as dental income,
   state support, CaPex and OpEx, education hours, level of urbanization, and
   time to react.  By changing each one of them, we can observe the changes in
   the groups of non-eco and eco dentists as well as the flow of the
   phenomenon/transition.  The simulation of this model shows that by
   augmenting WOM parameters, state economic support, or education hours while
   diminishing CaPex and OpEx, changes in the pro-environmental behaviors of
   dentists will be reported in a shorter time.  The ECODENT model can be used
   to further study pro-environmentalism in different dental groups and
   associations and design relevant eco-friendly educational programs.  © The
   Author(s) 2023.
DE dental environmentalism; eco-friendly behavior; green dentistry; holistic
   approach; pro-environmental behavior; sustainability; sustainable dentistry;
   systemic model; systems dynamic

---

UT 309
AR Zhang X/9, 2022, JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG, V28, P2567, DOI
   10.13196/j.cims.2022.08.026
TI Network effects model and simulation of competitive enterprises' multi-value
   chain based on the third-party platform; [基于第三方平台的竞争型企业多价值链网络效应模型及仿真]
AU Zhang X/9; Yang P; Sui R; Liu Y/12; Dan B
TC 2
SO JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG
PY 2022
AB Aiming at a multi-value chain system consisting of multiple
   manufacturers,multiple high-quality suppliers,multiple ordinary suppliers
   and a third-party platform,considering the influence of multiple cross-
   network effects,inter-group and intra-group network effects on the
   willingness of various users to access the platform,a competitive
   enterprises' multi-value chain network effects model was established by
   using system dynamics method.The Vensim software was used to simulate
   competitive enterprises' inter-group and intra-group network effects,and the
   impact of inter-group and intra-group network effects on users' scale and
   the revenues of each participant were further analyzed.Research results
   showed that the two types of suppliers' inter-group and intra-group network
   effects were significant in platform's growth stage.The enhancement of one
   type of suppliers' negative inter-group network effect would reduce another
   type of suppliers' access number,but might stimulate more manufacturers to
   access platform.While the enhancement of one type of suppliers' negative
   intra-group network effect would increase another type of suppliers' access
   number,but did not necessarily affect manufacturers' access
   number.Besides,the enhancement of both types of suppliers' inter-group or
   intra-group network effects would decrease platform's revenues,but might
   increase manufacturers' revenues.  © 2022 CIMS. All rights reserved.
DE competitive enterprises; multi-value chains; network effects; system
   dynamics; third-party platform
ID manufacture; competitive enterprise; inter-group; intra-group networks;
   multi-value; multi-value chain; network effects; system dynamics; third
   parties; third-party platform; value chains; system theory

---

UT 310
AR Raharjo S, 2023, AACL BIOFLUX, V16, P3161
TI System dynamics modelling of carbon emissions from capture fisheries in West
   Papua Province
AU Raharjo S; Purnawati R; Manaf M; Taran D
TC 0
SO AACL BIOFLUX
PY 2023
AB West Papua Province has been planning low-carbon development since September
   2022. However, West Papua Province's carbon emissions calculation has not
   included the fisheries and marine sectors.  The number of vessels operating
   in West Papua continues to increase, and the operation of fishing vessels is
   one of the most significant contributors to carbon emissions.  This study
   was conducted using a system dynamics methodological approach for modelling
   and simulating carbon emissions with the Vensim PLE software, especially to
   generate emission factor values and calculate carbon emissions in West
   Papua.  This study aims to determine carbon emissions, model the operation
   of fishing vessels to calculate the number of emissions, estimate exhaust
   emissions from fishing vessels, and classify each fishing vessel into a
   particular group.  Based on historical data, the simulation results are
   grouped into “business as usual” (BaU), “fair”, and “ambitious” scenarios.
   Based on the BaU scenario, CO2 emissions show an increasing trend.  This is
   an alarming situation that requires the attention of district/city and
   provincial governments to establish proactive environmental policies and
   strategies in low-carbon development planning.  In addition, the “fair” and
   “ambitious” scenarios show that by combining policies limiting fishing
   fleets that may be operated (Fair: 5000 motorized vessels and 20000 outboard
   motorized vessels; Ambitious: 4000 motorized vessels and 15000 outboard
   motorized vessels) and optimizing the hybrid propulsion system (Fair: 15%
   and Ambitious: 30%) will be able to reduce the carbon footprint
   significantly.  System dynamics modeling can be a powerful and low-cost tool
   for making low-carbon development decisions.  © 2023, BIOFLUX SRL. All
   rights reserved.
DE carbon dioxide; greenhouse gasses; model; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 311
AR Campuzano-Bolarín F, 2025, CENT EUR J OPER RES, DOI
   10.1007/s10100-025-00999-4
TI From natural language to executable models.  How ChatGPT writes a system
   dynamics model
AU Campuzano-Bolarín F; López-López D; Martín-García J; Bogataj M
TC 1
SO CENT EUR J OPER RES
PY 2025
AB The process of creating a simulation model, in particular using the System
   Dynamics methodology, is a complex and time-intensive task.  It begins with
   a clear understanding of the problem, followed by the identification of key
   variables, and culminates in the construction of a Stock and Flow Diagram.
   Traditionally, this process has been laborious, requiring significant manual
   effort to translate a conceptual understanding into a functional model.
   With the advent of advanced AI tools like ChatGPT and Collaborative AI, this
   process can be significantly streamlined.  This paper presents a
   personalized ChatGPT prompt, DAVID© (Draw A Vensim Initial Draft) that can
   automate the creation of a complete Vensim model, from problem description
   to a fully functional simulation.  The importance of this tool, which is
   easy to use and modify, lies in the fact that it allows people who are not
   experts in creating simulation models to create them without prior training
   or experience.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE artificial intelligence; chatgpt; collaborative ai; modeling; system
   dynamics
ID system theory; chatgpt; collaborative ai; executable modeling; key
   variables; modeling; natural languages; simulation model; stocks and flows;
   system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; artificial intelligence

---

UT 312
AR Ndubuisi UM, 2025, ENV MODEL ASSESS, DOI 10.1007/s10666-025-10083-5
TI Evaluating the Effect of Adaptation Policies on Crop Yield, Economic Growth
   and Water Resources: A DPSIR-Based Analysis for the Niger River Basin Under
   Shared Socioeconomic Pathways-Representative Concentration Pathways (SSP-
   RCPS) (2014–2100)
AU Ndubuisi UM; Guipponi C
TC 0
SO ENV MODEL ASSESS
PY 2025
AB Climate change poses significant threats to agricultural productivity and
   water resources in vulnerable regions like the Niger River Basin (NRB). This
   study evaluates the impacts of climate change and adaptation strategies on
   crop yield, economic growth, and water resources in the NRB section in
   Nigeria under five Shared Socioeconomic Pathway-Representative Concentration
   Pathway (SSP-RCP) scenarios (2014–2100). Using an improved DPSIR (Driving
   Forces, Pressures, States, Impacts, and Responses) framework implemented in
   Vensim PLE 10.2.2, we integrated climate projections, agronomic responses,
   and policy interventions to assess system dynamics.  Three adaptation
   pathways which include irrigated cropland expansion, afforestation, and
   mixed approaches were evaluated, revealing that aggressive interventions
   could restore yields to low-emission (SSP1-1.9) levels but at high economic
   and ecological costs in higher nitrogen pollution, but sufficient economic
   and ecological tradeoffs exist when adaptation pathways is combined with
   mitigation effort, with improvement in water use and nitrogen remediation.
   Multi-objective optimization prioritized forest-based strategies as optimal
   for balancing agricultural and ecological goals.  These findings underscore
   the critical need for integrated mitigation-adaptation policies to enhance
   climate resilience in the NRB. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE adaptation pathways; climate scenario; dpsir model; niger river basin

---

UT 313
AR Harrison MA, 2021, J ANIM SCI, V99, DOI 10.1093/jas/skaa405
TI Evaluation of biological and economic efficiency of the All Heifer, No Cow
   beef production system using a system dynamics model based on 6 yr of
   demonstration herd data
AU Harrison MA; Sheehan JJ; Seidel GE; Mooney DF; Rhoades RD; Ahola JK
TC 5
SO J ANIM SCI
PY 2021
AB Alternative management strategies with no cows and all heifers may improve
   biological and economic efficiency of beef production.  The All Heifer, No
   Cow (AHNC) beef production system involves insemination of nulliparous
   heifers with female sex-selected semen (FSS) to produce primarily female
   calves that are early weaned at 3 mo of age.  Dams are finished on a high
   concentrate diet and harvested before 30 mo of age.  The objectives of this
   research were to: 1) build a dynamic model of an AHNC beef production system
   to quantify system biological and economic efficiency; 2) compare effects of
   utilizing FSS vs.  conventional semen on biological and economic efficiency;
   3) evaluate what-if scenarios to determine the effects on biological and
   economic efficiency of changing variables ±5%, 10%, 15%, and 20% from
   initial observed values; and 4) evaluate the effects on biological and
   economic efficiency of changing variables ±10% from initial observed values.
   A model was built over a 21-yr horizon using Stella Architect.  Biological
   parameter values in the model were based on the 6 yr of data collected from
   the management of an AHNC demonstration herd.  In the model animal, total
   digestible nutrients (TDN) intake, hot carcass weight (HCW), and age at
   harvest were randomized.  Feed, animal, and carcass prices included in the
   model were based on 10 yr of historical U.S. price data.  Key response
   variables were biological and economic efficiency (mean ± SD). Biological
   efficiency was defined as the ratio of output (kilograms of HCW produced) to
   input (lifetime kilograms of feed TDN consumed), and economic efficiency was
   measured using a benefit-cost ratio (BCR) and unit variable cost (UVC). Over
   40 simulation runs, the predicted mean biological efficiency was 0.0714 ±
   0.0008. Economic efficiency was 0.95 ± 0.02 and US $445.41 ± 0.06 for BCR
   and UVC, respectively.  Biological and economic efficiency was improved in
   the conventional semen scenario; biological efficiency was 0.0738 ± 0.0008,
   and BCR and UVC were 0.99 ± 0.04 and US $407.24 ± 0.006, respectively.
   Under this parameterization and market conditions, the AHNC beef production
   system failed to achieve profitability under any scenario that was
   evaluated.  However, this review did not account for the potential increased
   genetic benefit from a decreased generation interval and the reduction in
   feed energy in comparison to a conventional cow/calf system.  © 2020 The
   Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American
   Society of Animal Science.  All rights reserved.
DE beef production system; biological efficiency; economic efficiency; single-
   calf heifer system; system dynamics
ID animal husbandry; animals; cattle; diet; eating; energy intake; female;
   semen; weaning; animal; animal husbandry; bovine; caloric intake; diet;
   eating; female; sperm; veterinary medicine; weaning

---

UT 314
AR He K, 2025, J CHIN AGRIC MECH, V46, P301, DOI
   10.13733/j.jcam.issn.2095-5553.2025.05.040
TI Simulation study on the coordinated development policy of regional
   agriculture and agricultural products logistics: Taking Sichuan Province for
   example; [区域农业与农产品物流协调发展政策仿真研究-以四川省为例]
AU He K; Huang X/1
TC 0
SO J CHIN AGRIC MECH
PY 2025
AB Coordinated development of agriculture and agricultural products logistics
   is an important condition for the rapid and stable development of
   agriculture.  On the basis of the supply and demand mechanism, this paper
   analyzes the variable composition and mutual relationship of regional
   agriculture and agricultural products logistics system, gives the causal
   diagram of the system, establishes agricultural products logistics demand
   satisfaction rate and coordination cost indicators, and uses Vensim software
   to build a system dynamic model with the function of policy evaluation.
   Taking Sichuan Province as an example, with the relevant data from 2009 to
   2021 collected, this model is employed to system simulation and policy
   experiments.  The results show that Sichuan province has a high level of
   satisfaction of agricultural products logistics demand, and agriculture and
   agricultural products logistics development in coordination.  However, the
   contradiction between supply and demand is prominent recently, and it is
   urgent to increase 63.97% of agricultural products logistics capital.
   Agricultural products logistics market will be in short supply, the
   logistics industry needs to increase investment, so that the annual growth
   rate of agricultural products logistics capital is not less than 54.7%.
   According to the research conclusion, some suggestions are put forward to
   reasonable configure a policy-making team members, increase investment in
   agricultural products logistics, and improve the agricultural products
   logistics system.  © 2025 Journal of Chinese Agricultural Mechanization
   Editorial Office.  All rights reserved.
DE agricultural products logistics; coovdinated development; policy evaluation;
   regional agriculture; regression analysis; system dynamics

---

UT 315
AR Cen J, 2025, J TRANSP ENG, V23, P189, DOI
   10.19961/j.cnki.1672-4747.2024.09.012
TI Research on expressway carbon reduction strategies based on the system
   dynamics and multi-agent integrated model; [基于系统动力学和多智能体模型的高速公路减碳策略研究]
AU Cen J; Tao Q; Mei Z; Cai W; Li J/5; Wang Z/8
TC 1
SO J TRANSP ENG
PY 2025
AB [Background] Transportation is a primary contributor to greenhouse gas
   emissions.  With the continuous expansion of expressway networks, research
   on expressway carbon emissions has become increasingly important.
   [Objective] To comprehensively consider the impacts of macro-socioeconomic
   development, energy structure, traffic composition, policy types, and micro-
   traffic flow characteristics on road carbon emissions to explore an
   effective path for achieving a carbon peak on expressways.  [Methods] First,
   the expressway carbon emissions system was divided into five subsystems:
   socioeconomic-population, passenger vehicles, freight logistics vehicles,
   road operation, energy consumption, and carbon emissions.  Subsequently, the
   Vensim simulation platform was used to establish the stock flow diagram and
   system dynamics equation of the system dynamics subsystem, and the Matlab
   program was used to describe the multiagent subsystem of road operation.  A
   three-dimensional scenario combination model was constructed that combined
   different strategy types and intensities to form 27 scenarios.  [Data] The
   toll station and survey data of the Zhejiang Expressway were used to analyze
   the Ring Expressway of Hangzhou.  [Results] Three strategies, namely freight
   demand optimization, new energy vehicle promotion, and energy consumption
   technology development, were proposed.  The carbon emission trends of
   expressways under different combination strategies were predicted, and the
   potential effectiveness of different intensity strategy combinations to
   achieve carbon peaking was revealed.  © 2025 Southwest Jiaotong University.
   All rights reserved.
DE agent-based model; expressway; road transportation; system dynamics;
   transportation carbon dioxide emission

---

UT 316
AR Qu L, 2025, HABITAT INT, V163, DOI 10.1016/j.habitatint.2025.103456
TI Coupling coordination evolution of the settlements-farming system and its
   optimization path: Keys to sustainable rural development in the Three Gorges
   Reservoir Area of China
AU Qu L; Tu Z; Liu J/6; Li Y/3
TC 12
SO HABITAT INT
PY 2025
AB The stability and coordinated development of the settlements–farming system
   (SFS) in mountainous regions are vital for ensuring food security and
   ecological sustainability, particularly in complex terrain zones such as the
   Three Gorges Reservoir Area (TGRA) of China.  Existing studies have largely
   overlooked the nonlinear feedback mechanisms and spatiotemporal dynamics
   underpinning rural settlements–farming interactions in mountainous contexts.
   To address this gap, this study integrates system dynamics modeling—with
   implementation in Vensim—and the entropy weight method for indicator
   weighting to evaluate the coupling coordination of the SFS in the
   mountainous areas of Chongqing within the TGRA. Through multi-scenario
   simulations, the research investigates how endogenous and exogenous drivers
   influence the evolution and optimization of the SFS over the period
   2005–2020. The findings reveal that: ①Under the status quo development mode,
   the coupling coordination of the SFS in the TGRA exhibits a favorable trend,
   with an average annual growth rate of 2.5 % during 2005–2020. ②Endogenous
   dynamics, such as farmland utilization efficiency, mainly drive the coupling
   evolution of the SFS by enhancing land development in the reservoir area and
   responding to technological innovations and policy reforms.  ③Exogenous
   dynamics, such as the degree of government expectation fulfillment, also
   influence the system by limiting excessive government interventions.
   However, endogenous dynamics have a significantly stronger effect than
   exogenous dynamics on the system's evolution.  Therefore, it is essential to
   balance policy support with the improvement of endogenous dynamics to
   promote the region's sustainable development.  This study contributes
   theoretical and methodological innovation by embedding dynamic feedback
   analysis into SFS evaluation and identifying key leverage points for rural
   revitalization.  It also offers targeted policy recommendations to support
   the sustainable rural development of mountainous territorial systems,
   emphasizing a human–land systems perspective that aligns land structure
   optimization with ecological restoration and rural well-being.  © 2025
   Elsevier Ltd
DE coupling coordination; settlements-farming system; simulation; system
   dynamics; three gorges reservoir area
ID china; three gorges reservoir; farming system; feedback mechanism; food
   security; growth rate; human settlement; mountain region; optimization;
   policy reform; rural development; spatiotemporal analysis; sustainability;
   sustainable development

---

UT 317
AR Hu G, 2023, SUSTAIN, V15, DOI 10.3390/su15129219
TI Research on Data-Driven Dynamic Decision-Making Mechanism of Mega
   Infrastructure Project Construction
AU Hu G; Liu Y/10; Liu K; Yang X
TC 10
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB The construction of mega infrastructure projects has the characteristics of
   repeatability, long duration, and high complexity.  Therefore, it is
   particularly important to implement dynamic decision-making in projects.
   This study takes data-driven decision-making mechanisms as the entry point
   and constructs a dynamic decision-making system for mega infrastructure
   projects consisting of an information collection subsystem, an information
   processing and transformation subsystem, a human–computer collaborative
   decision-making subsystem and an evaluation and feedback subsystem.  On this
   basis, we established a system dynamics model of dynamic decision-making for
   mega infrastructure projects.  Vensim PLE 9.3.5 software was used to
   simulate and analyze the operation law of dynamic decision-making for mega
   infrastructure projects from a data-driven perspective, and the sensitivity
   of the application rate of information management technology, the
   application rate of data analysis methods, the participation rate of experts
   in decision-making, the historical case information on this project, and the
   information on similar projects on the effectiveness of program
   implementation were simulated and analyzed.  The results of the study showed
   that all five key influencing factors have a positive impact on the
   effectiveness of program implementation.  In addition, the application rate
   of information management technology and the application rate of information
   analysis methods have a higher sensitivity to the effectiveness of program
   implementation, the participation rate of experts in decision-making and
   historical case information on this project have average sensitivity to the
   effectiveness of program implementation, and information on similar projects
   has lower sensitivity to the effectiveness of program implementation.  This
   study provides some ideas and suggestions to promote the effective use of
   information technology and digital technology by each participant in the
   construction of mega infrastructure projects while improving their dynamic
   decision-making efficiency, scientificity, and accuracy.  © 2023 by the
   authors.
DE data-driven; dynamic decision making; mega infrastructure projects; system
   dynamics
ID data management; decision making; information management; information
   processing; information technology; infrastructure planning

---

UT 318
AR Kamath V, 2022, INT J ENTERP NETW MANAG, V13, P140, DOI
   10.1504/IJENM.2022.10034399
TI A system dynamics-based approach towards sustainability of a rural milk
   dairy venture
AU Kamath V; Biju S
TC 0
SO INT J ENTERP NETW MANAG
PY 2022
AB India, being one of the largest producers of milk in the world, is
   witnessing unprecedented shutdowns amongst small-scale dairies due to
   business sustainability challenges.  This could be attributed to adoption of
   event-based focus on systems and ignoring the time delays between the cause
   and the effects by the entrepreneurs.  These shutdowns can be critical as
   the small-scale dairies heavily contribute to the country's overall milk
   production capacity.  Through this article, we attempt to present a real-
   life case of a rural dairy highlighting an entrepreneurial dilemma and
   demonstrate the usage of group model building (GMB) techniques for
   conducting system dynamics (SD) simulation using Vensim®. The study is
   relevant as it enables the entrepreneur to foresee the impact of the
   different options regarding the business sustainability of his dairy.  Also,
   it demonstrates the usage of GMB techniques and unlocks the potential to
   apply SD modelling using group techniques for policy analysis in diverse
   domains for the academicians.  Copyright © 2022 Inderscience Enterprises
   Ltd.
DE dairy farming; entrepreneurship; gmb; group model building; msme; system
   dynamics

---

UT 319
AR Gao L/1, 2025, ECOL ECON, V228, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2024.108451
TI Effect simulation and local adaptation of multi-agent collaborative
   governance in marine eco-economic systems: Evidence from China
AU Gao L/1; Gao K; Sun W; Zhang Y/7; Zhang R/2; Zhang L/5
TC 3
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2025
AB The government's unitary management of marine eco-economic systems has
   several drawbacks, underscoring the urgency of exploring the effectiveness
   and feasibility of a multi-agent collaborative governance model.  In this
   study, we developed a simulation model based on statistical and survey data
   to examine the effectiveness of multi-agent collaborative governance in
   marine eco-economic systems.  Using the data simulation function of system
   dynamics (SD) Vensim PLE, we verified the input parameters, income
   variables, behavior probability, and governance outcomes for five types of
   stakeholders in marine governance, finding that: (1) In a multi-agent the
   governance framework, arbitrarily increasing the participation probability
   of one stakeholder type tends to lead to the involvement of two or more
   types.  This leads to the establishment of a compact multi-agent
   collaborative governance model, significantly enhancing both participation
   and fairness of governance compared to the traditional government-centric
   model.  (2) Regardless of which parameter is optimized, the multi-agent
   collaborative governance model can improve the performance of marine eco-
   economic systems.  This governance model is more conducive to the
   coordinated, healthy, and sustainable development of marine eco-economic
   system.  (3) By calculating the degree of alignment between stakeholders
   (central government, local government, sea-related producers, sea-related
   consumers, and coastal communities) across 11 coastal provinces and cities
   in China, this study identified one or more types of multi-agent
   collaborative governance models, proving the feasibility of this approach.
   (4) While collaborative governance models led by five different entities
   have their unique advantages and disadvantages, further strengthening
   relationships and cooperation among these stakeholders is essential for
   advancing the maturity and effectiveness of the multi-agent governance
   model.  © 2024 Elsevier B.V.
DE coastal provinces and cities in china; governance effect; marine eco-
   economic system; multi-agent collaborative governance; sd ( system dynamics
   ) simulation
ID china; ecological economics; governance approach; local adaptation; local
   participation; marine ecosystem; simulation; stakeholder; sustainable
   development

---

UT 320
AR Jin H, 2023, SIMUL, V99, P885, DOI 10.1177/00375497231168631
TI Effects of workload on medication administration errors in nursing: an
   analysis based on system dynamics modeling
AU Jin H; Xiao Z; Yao J; Gong Z; Wang H/7; Zhao Y/5
TC 1
SO SIMUL
PY 2023
AB Medication administration errors account for a relatively high proportion of
   medical errors, with more than 50% occurring at the nursing administration
   stage.  Nursing is characterized by a large amount of work, rigid working
   hours, high information cognitive intensity, and frequent information
   updates.  The high workload of nurses is a significant cause of medication
   administration errors.  In this study, a literature analysis was used to
   determine the elements of the system dynamics model, and the causal loop
   diagram was used to draw the relationship framework among the elements.
   Vensim personal learning edition and interview surveys were then used for
   model validation and simulation.  First, 302 case analyses of medication
   administration errors collected from the three metropolitan area hospitals
   were used to construct the causal loop diagram, the stock and flow map of
   the medication administration error system, and the dynamics model; second,
   the model was tested from theoretical and historical data simulation
   perspectives; finally, the system dynamics model proposed in this study was
   used to simulate a medical institution from overtime and policy
   perspectives.  Through system dynamics modeling, the inducing mechanism of
   workload on medication administration errors in nursing operations was
   elucidated, and corresponding suggestions for prevention were provided.  In
   addition, ideas and basis for optimizing the medication administration
   process, improving workload, and preventing medication administration errors
   considering workload were provided.  © The Author(s) 2023.
DE causal loop diagram; medication administration error; nursing; system
   dynamics modeling
ID errors; system theory; causal loop diagrams; information updates; large
   amounts; literature analysis; medical errors; medication administration
   error; nursing administration; relationship frameworks; system dynamics
   modeling; working hours; nursing

---

UT 321
AR Suryani E, 2026, SUSTAIN DEV, DOI 10.1002/sd.70719
TI Integrating Predictive Modeling and Circular Economy Principles for
   Sustainable Soybean Agriculture
AU Suryani E; Wibisono A; Mudjahidin M; Az-Zahra A; Pramundito RJ; Gunawan G;
   Kurniawan D
TC 0
SO SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2026
AB Indonesia's persistent dependence on soybean imports threatens national food
   security, a challenge exacerbated by a stark demographic-agricultural
   mismatch.  This research introduces a novel, integrated approach to
   sustainable agriculture in East Java by combining System Dynamics (SD)
   modeling with Circular Economy (CE) principles.  Developed using Vensim PLE,
   the model captures the non-linear interactions within the regional soybean
   value cycle, specifically addressing the projected contraction of harvest
   areas from 238,136 to 134,478 ha by 2025. The novelty of this work lies in
   using SD to identify the exact economic thresholds where converting
   agricultural residues into high-value livestock feed via pelletizer
   technology triggers a transformative feedback loop.  While traditional
   models focus narrowly on yield, this study demonstrates that the
   SCN_Pelletizer scenario shifts the sector from a subsistence-based model to
   a resilient industrial corridor.  Scenario simulations reveal that despite
   initial capital expenditures, the CE pathway reaches a break-even point by
   2030 and elevates long-term farmer profits to IDR 36 million/ha by 2040.
   These findings provide a practical roadmap to bridge a critical
   supply–demand gap—where the fulfillment ratio is projected to plummet to
   15.9%—by diversifying income streams and fostering regional economic
   resilience.  © 2026 ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE circular economy; food security; predictive modeling; sustainable
   agriculture; system dynamics

---

UT 322
AR Zhu Y/5, 2025, PROC INT CONF INTERNET THINGS MACH LEARN IOTML, P85, DOI
   10.1145/3749566.3749587
TI Sustainable tourism management based on NSGA-II algorithm and multi-
   objective planning
AU Zhu Y/5; Li Y/11; Chen Y/4; Tang S
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF INTERNET THINGS MACH LEARN IOTML
PY 2025
AB Global tourism, while continuing to expand and significantly driving local
   economic growth, faces challenges such as environmental overcapacity,
   infrastructure inadequacies, and structural imbalances.  Urgent
   implementation of sustainable planning and development strategies is
   required to address these issues, thereby achieving the goal of enhancing
   its resilience in growth.  Based on the NSGA-II algorithm and multi-
   objective dynamic programming, this study constructs a sustainable tourism
   management model to balance economic benefits, environmental impact, and
   social influence for Juneau, Alaska.  Employing multi-objective optimization
   methods, including NSGA-II and analytic hierarchy processes (AHP), the model
   quantifies relationships among tourist flow, social and economic impacts.
   Ultimately, based on the principles of system dynamics, leveraging Vensim-
   based simulation modeling to quantify the impact level of subsystems on the
   tourism industry, the findings demonstrate that investments in ecological
   construction and infrastructure play a critical role, and propose an optimal
   solution to balance visitor volume regulation with ecological carrying
   capacity thresholds, ensuring sustainable tourism development.  © 2025
   Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE multiobjective optimization; multiobjective planning; nsga-ii algorithm;
   sustainable tourism
ID analytic hierarchy process; economic analysis; economic and social effects;
   environmental impact; environmental management; investments; leisure
   industry; sustainable development; sustainable development goals; tourism;
   economic growths; multiobjective planning; multi-objectives optimization;
   nsga-ii algorithm; over capacity; planning and development; planning
   strategies; sustainable planning; sustainable tourism; tourism management;
   multiobjective optimization

---

UT 323
AR Mu N-Y, 2020, J TRANSP ENG, V18, P120
TI The Co-evolutionary Game of Cross-border E-commerce and Logistics;
   [跨境电商与跨境物流协同演化博弈研究]
AU Mu N-Y; Wang Z-T; Hao J-J
TC 3
SO J TRANSP ENG
PY 2020
AB Based on bounded rationality, this study examines the evolutionary
   characteristics of cross-border e-commerce and logistics in the long-term
   development process.  Firstly, a co-evolutionary game model is constructed
   using evolutionary game theory.  The Jacques matrix determines the stability
   of the equilibrium point of the system, and the co-evolution direction and
   evolution path of the two under different conditions is analyzed from a
   theoretical perspective.  Finally, Vensim PLE simulation software is used to
   establish the system dynamics model of the co-evolutionary game.  The
   initial state and the parameters of the return matrix are reasonably
   assigned, and the SD model simulation is conducted to visually reflect the
   game process of the co-evolution, which verifies the conclusion of the co-
   evolutionary game model.  © 2020 Southwest Jiaotong University.  All rights
   reserved.
DE cross-border e-commerce; cross-border logistics; evolutionary game; synergy

---

UT 324
AR Vargas DS, 2024, J ENG, V2024, DOI 10.1155/2024/6641542
TI Dynamic Evaluation of the Effect of Soil Analysis on Monocultures
AU Vargas DS; Torres LK; Osorio JC
TC 0
SO J ENG
PY 2024
AB Soil stands as one of the principal resources for agricultural development,
   with this activity encompassing approximately 38% of the Earth's surface.
   The resulting product is directed towards human consumption and animal feed,
   as well as energy crops, among other purposes.  Given the pivotal role of
   this activity and the escalating demand for its products within the economic
   sphere, coupled with population growth, the need arises not only for
   increased crop yield but also for addressing the per capita reduction in
   available land.  Consequently, an imperative arises to explore emerging
   alternatives for soil conservation and restoration in pursuit of this goal.
   Thus, a dynamic system model is introduced to assess the patterns of land
   use for agricultural cultivation in Colombia.  Modelling is a useful tool
   for system conceptualisation, understanding, projection of future scenarios
   and hypothesis testing about the impact of disruptions in a system's overall
   behaviour about changes in its components.  The main purpose of this article
   is to evaluate, through simulation with system dynamics, soil recovery
   scenarios from the use of residues from the same crops, specifically in the
   case of monocultures, such as sugarcane.  Similar studies have not been
   found in the literature review and, therefore, this work is novel and
   establishes a starting point to continue exploring these soil recovery
   alternatives.  The formulation of this model was accomplished through the
   utilization of the Vensim DSS software (Version 5.10a), followed by
   simulations of various land use scenarios across two distinct types of
   crops.  The outcomes of these simulations unveiled a gradual degradation of
   the soil.  To counter this trend, scenarios were evaluated, with composting
   emerging as a viable and significant alternative.  There are some scenarios
   in which land degradation is lower by more than 50% compared with those in
   which the alternative is not considered.  The composting process reduces
   costs in terms of fertilization, labour and support for environmental
   enhancement by restoring physical, chemical and biological soil properties.
   This study proposes for this model to be extended to other agricultural
   chains, thereby demonstrating its potential for guiding decisions regarding
   land use and crop activity scheduling that share similarities with the
   system under investigation.  © 2024 Dayhanna S. Vargas et al.
DE agricultural sustainability; crops; environment; land use; systems dynamics

---

UT 325
AR Hosseinkhani M, 2023, HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION, V7, DOI
   10.18502/htaa.v7i4.14651
TI Simulation of the Impact of Key Variables on Smart Supply Chains Efficiency
   in Iran’s Healthcare Industry
AU Hosseinkhani M; Heydariyeh SA; Razi FF; Tilehnouei MH
TC 0
SO HEAL TECHNOL ASSESS ACTION
PY 2023
AB Background: The smartification of supply chains, which enables organizations
   to stay informed about crises in a timely manner and make appropriate
   decisions in response to the resulting pressures, has consistently been a
   crucial factor in the realm of organizational transformation.  The
   healthcare industry in Iran faces more challenges and crises than other
   industries, especially due to its vital role in public health prevention and
   care.  Objectives: According to the reasons described, this research aims to
   simulate and improve the efficiency of the healthcare supply chain when
   confronted with crises.  Methods: In this study, the efficiency of the
   healthcare supply chain was simulated using the system dynamics approach and
   Vensim DSS. Results: The results indicated that healthcare supply chain
   efficiency in Iran is unsatisfactory and may confront challenges during
   crises.  Therefore, this study places particular emphasis on examining
   scenarios for improving the current situation, which stems from the
   consensus of experts and stakeholders in this field.  In the presented
   scenarios, a 2% improvement in the utilization of advanced intelligent
   technologies and a 5% improvement in intelligent inventory management were
   observed.  Notably, the combined effect of these two scenarios led to an
   overall enhancement in the average efficiency of the healthcare smart supply
   chain.  These improvements can increase the average efficiency levels within
   the pharmaceutical manufacturing segment up to 1.3%, 5.8%, and 7.7% in each
   of the aforementioned scenarios.  Conclusions: It can be asserted that
   although the advancement of smart technologies and intelligent inventory
   management individually contribute to enhancing the efficiency of the
   healthcare supply chain in Iran, combining these changes can provide the
   groundwork for further increasing efficiency up to 7.7%. © 2021 Tehran
   University of Medical Sciences.
DE advanced smart technologies; efficiency; health care industry; intelligent
   inventory management; smart supply chain; system dynamics

---

UT 326
AR Bakkula O, 2025, DISCOV APPL SCI, V7, DOI 10.1007/s42452-025-07227-3
TI Examining the drivers of changes in stripping ratio in open pit coal mining:
   a system dynamics model to optimize the coal discrepancy
AU Bakkula O; Wibisono D; Siallagan M
TC 1
SO DISCOV APPL SCI
PY 2025
AB Stripping ratio (SR), as one of the critical parameters in coal mining,
   refers to the ratio of overburden (OB) or waste removed to obtain a ton of
   coal.  It influences the coal discrepancy, or the difference between actual
   and planned coal mined production.  This study aims to explore the
   contributing factors to the change in SR. The author carried out a focus
   group discussion (FGD) involving experts at one of the largest coal mining
   companies in Indonesia.  Empirical data collected from January to December
   2024 verified the results related to the causes of changes in SR. The output
   variables from the data collecting analysis are utilized for modeling this
   phenomenon using Vensim PLE 7.3.5, a system dynamics (SD) software, to
   assess the influence of all contributing factors.  The study revealed that
   the geological model and pit optimization positively decrease the SR. On the
   other hand, changes in sequence, redesigning the pit, operational loss,
   failure, and rehandling activity have an opposite impact on SR. Based on the
   simulation at model X, the best scenario is G (with the contributing factor
   of a coal increase of 15% from the original), which has an average SR of
   6.26 and a total coal mined production of 1,626,018.1 tonnes at t = 1932.
   Simulation of model Y revealed that scenario G7 has the highest total coal
   mined production of 1,604,088.8 tonnes, with the average SR at 6.34.
   However, scenario G4 shows the highest revenue of $130,712,149.0 as well as
   a profit of $85,327,620.9. © The Author(s) 2025.
DE coal discrepancy; coal loss; geological model; mining sequence; stripping
   ratio; system dynamics
ID coal industry; geologic models; system theory; coal discrepancy; coal loss;
   coal mining; contributing factor; geological models; mining sequences; open
   pit; pit coal mining; stripping ratio; system dynamics; open pit mining

---

UT 327
AR Wang Z/1, 2022, PROC - INT CONF BIG DATA COMPUT NETW BDICN, P407, DOI
   10.1109/BDICN55575.2022.00081
TI Analysis on the development of Urban online car-hailing operation Based on
   System Dynamics
AU Wang Z/1; Zhang Y/13; Jiang H; Li J/9; Sun S; Yang G/1; Zhang Y/14
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF BIG DATA COMPUT NETW BDICN
PY 2022
AB With the improvement of public's demand for travel, the use frequency of
   online car-hailing is increasing year by year.  Compared with the operation
   of taxi industry, how to formulate reasonable measures for different
   environments is the key to the development of online car-hailing.  Taking
   the operation of online car-hailing as the research object, this paper
   analyzes the relevant factors affecting the operation, and constructs an
   urban online car-hailing operation model according to the method of system
   dynamics.  This paper simulates the actual operation of online car-hailing
   in Luoyang, tests the feasibility and effectiveness of the model, simulates
   the operation of online car-hailing in the environment of changing
   influencing factors, and puts forward suggestions for the development of the
   whole industry.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE operation model; system dynamics; urban online car-hailing; vensim
   simulation
ID system theory; actual operation; luoyang; operations modeling; paper
   analysis; public demands; research object; system dynamics; taxi industry;
   urban online car-hailing; vensim simulation; taxicabs

---

UT 328
AR Tahsiri A, 2023, ENV DEV SUSTAIN, V25, P7299, DOI 10.1007/s10668-022-02323-5
TI A system dynamics model for a holistic analysis of urban NOx emissions: a
   case study of Tehran, Iran
AU Tahsiri A; Arab M
TC 1
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB Nowadays, a big effort has been made to find the right solution strategy for
   controlling the complex, multidimensional and diverse problem of urban air
   pollution.  However, despite good development in this area, academia and
   governance divisions are still investing the development with a reliable
   methodology for examining the full scope of the problem under real
   conditions.  This paper thus proposes a system dynamic-based model that is
   capable of representing the full pattern of behaviour of NOx emission in
   metropolitan settings, dependent on a network of contributing factors.  The
   study identifies five underlying interconnected subsystems, each of which
   potentially causes a significant level of NOx pollution, and the consequence
   synergy, stemming from the operation of all subsystems together.  These are:
   (1) the sector of the economy, (2) the population structure and changes, (3)
   urban transport operations, (4) the performance of industries and businesses
   sector, and (5) energy production level and method.  The Vensim software
   simulated the model using 15 years of data from Tehran-related activities.
   The simulation takes into account four different scenarios: (a) maintaining
   the existing trends in business and industries; (b) enhancing the energy
   sector’s productivity; (c) improving the transport management system’s
   efficiency; and (d) a mixed scenario situation, applying the second (b) and
   the third (c) scenarios simultaneously.  © 2022, The Author(s), under
   exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V.
DE air pollution management; nox emission; system dynamics modeling; tehran;
   urban system; vensim software
ID iran; tehran [ iran ]; atmospheric pollution; emission; software; urban
   system; urban transport

---

UT 329
AR Xue P, 2024, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V14789 LNCS, P172, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-97-7184-4_15
TI Data-Driven Intervention Strategies for Mitigating Illegal Wildlife Trade: A
   Case Study of the United States
AU Xue P; Zhou T; Sun H/1; Song J/5; Guo X/1; Shao Z
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2024
AB Given the escalating threat posed by illegal wildlife trade to global
   biodiversity and ecological equilibrium, this study endeavors to forecast
   the potential effects of a five-year, data-driven initiative on curbing
   illicit wildlife trade within the United States over the forthcoming half-
   decade.  This paper establishes a complete system of evaluation indicators
   to assess the progress of the program, and establishes a system dynamics
   model based on Vensim modeling and simulation to predict a 14% increase in
   law enforcement after the implementation of the data-driven program.  A
   weighted optimization model with ARMA and multiple linear regression weights
   was established to predict the volume of illegal wildlife trade in the next
   five to ten years with or without intervention, the weighted prediction
   model underwent optimization using the particle swarm algorithm, resulting
   in enhanced convergence speed and accuracy of the model’s solution.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
   2024.
DE evaluation index system; illegal wildlife trade; particle swarm algorithm;
   weighted optimization prediction
ID particle swarm optimization ( pso ); case-studies; data-driven; evaluation
   indices system; illegal wildlife trade; intervention strategy;
   optimizations; particle swarm algorithm; potential effects; weighted
   optimization prediction; wildlife trades; prediction models

---

UT 330
AR Mohammadi M, 2022, EDUC SELF DEV, V17, P86, DOI 10.26907/esd.17.2.09
TI Modeling the Dynamics of Knowledge Management in Educational Institutes: A
   System Dynamics Approach
AU Mohammadi M; Faskhodi AA
TC 8
SO EDUC SELF DEV
PY 2022
AB Research problem.  Recently, being known as the most vital asset to as well
   as the capital of organizations, the issue of organizational knowledge
   creation has attracted a great deal of attention in several settings
   encompassing educational centers and institutions.  Not only may a high-
   quality capital account for the success of a given organization, publishing
   its success stories, and consequently both clients’ and employees’
   satisfaction, it can result in the escalation of scientific, human, and
   financial resources.  Knowledge management has been defined as the process
   of discovering, acquiring, developing, maintaining, evaluating, and applying
   the right knowledge at the right time by the right person in an organization
   through the creation of a link between human resources, information
   technology, and communication while creating a suitable structure for
   achieving organizational goals (Afrazeh, 2005). Similarly, Hoffman,
   Hoelscher, and Sheriff (2005) described it as the process of creating and
   sharing knowledge in such a way that the results can be used effectively in
   the organization.  In educational institutions also, knowledge management is
   a systematic and organized process of creating and disseminating
   information, selecting, refining, and disseminating explicit as well as
   implicit knowledge, in order to create a unique value which can be used to
   strengthen the learning and teaching environment (Gonzalez & Martins, 2017).
   Having probed into the relevant literature, we realize that in many studies
   (Jashpara, 2004; Messa & Testa, 2004; Newman & Conrad, 2000) knowledge
   management includes four general processes: knowledge creation, knowledge
   retention, knowledge sharing, and knowledge application.  Purpose of the
   study: In this research, using the system dynamics method, a model is
   proposed to identify the effective factors in the knowledge management cycle
   in an educational center.  Then, the effectiveness of the identified factors
   over time is simulated and the changes in the behavior of the institute,
   which are the result of the changes in the behavior of the staff as well as
   capabilities and tendencies, are observable.  This study attempts to
   identify the most influential factors in the knowledge management process
   using the presented dynamic model and by examining the factors.  The levers
   suggest appropriate operations to focus on these factors.  Research method:
   This is applied research that is conducted using the system dynamics
   approach introduced by Sterman (2000). This approach is used to represent
   the status quo of a system and its changes in the future.  Identifying and
   problematizing the main issue through studying related works and
   interviewing twenty-eight experts in the field using a semi-structured
   researcher-made survey; creating dynamic hypotheses and drawing the cause-
   effect diagrams and the flow diagram; using Vensim software to simulate the
   mod, and finally, sensitivity analysis was the stages followed respectively.
   The results of this study showed that by implementing the knowledge
   management process in the institute, the performance of the teaching
   personnel increased in an s-shaped manner; the experience improved
   exponentially, and the family-student contentment improved which would
   consequently result in organization growth.  Finally, the researchers
   presented and analyzed two proposed policies.  © 2022, Kazan Federal
   University.  All rights reserved.
DE knowledge management; performance; simulation; system dynamics; teacher
   performance; knowledge building

---

UT 331
AR Monjezi S, 2022, J STRAT SEDIMENTOL RES, V38, P67, DOI
   10.22108/jssr.2021.129789.1209
TI Simulation of salinity distribution due to the active salt karst in Gotvand
   Dam using system dynamics and determination of the parameters influencing
   salinity amount
AU Monjezi S; Momeni M; Najarchi M; Monjezi N; Hassuninezade H
TC 0
SO J STRAT SEDIMENTOL RES
PY 2022
AB An important issue in the operation of the Gotvand reservoir is the presence
   of salt formation in this reservoir.  The present study has sought to
   identify whether it is possible to modify the operation curve of the Gotvand
   Dam to reduce the destructive effects of the Anbal salt dome and increase
   the operation of this reservoir.  To achieve this goal, the performance of
   the Gotvand Dam reservoir was modeled from the time it was used (from August
   2011 to March 2017), as well as the behavior of active salt karstic activi
   ty inside the reservoir with the dynamic system tools.  The results showed
   that during the simulation period, the average amount of corrosion of the
   salt dome in contact with the reservoir water was 20.1 cm per day.  Besides,
   43.72 million tons of salt has been accumulated in the reservoir.  Analysis
   of the results showed that 39% of the reservoir salinity is due to the
   dissolution of the salt formation.  The rest of the salinity enters the
   reservoir with the upstream runoff.  Based on the results of sensitivity
   analysis, changes in water level in the reservoir is the most important
   factor determining the salinity distribution parameters in the reservoir and
   the best remaining solution to reduce the effects of the salt dome inside
   the Gotvand Reservoir is to implement the curve of the optimal use of the
   reservoir for water released through the Gotvand Dam and the upstream basin
   of this dam.  © 2022 Monjezi S.,  Momeni  M.,  Monjezi  M.,  Monjezi N.,
   and Hassonizade,  H..
DE quality management; reservoir operation; vensim; water withdrawal from
   different layers of the reservoir

---

UT 332
AR Robles C, 2022, REV ING CONSTR, V37, P185, DOI 10.7764/RIC.00025.21
TI Material supply planning and management model for social housing projects in
   a construction company; [Modelo de planeación y gestión del suministro de
   materiales para proyectos de vivienda de interés social en una constructora]
AU Robles C; Rangel E; Sánchez N
TC 3
SO REV ING CONSTR
PY 2022
AB This article addresses the development of a model for the material supply
   planning and management in the construction industry, using System Dynamics,
   supported by AHP supplier selection methods, evaluation and monitoring with
   ABC classification, all mediated by Vensim data analysis software.  The
   supply management in the construction industry is studied and analyzed based
   on a collaborative model between suppliers and builders, under the CPFR
   model and the integration of the Last Planner System, which contributes to
   optimize the use of resources that allow completing all social interest
   housing (VIS) construction projects.  The model simulates the impact and
   performance produced in the collaborative system, compliance with planning
   and profitability in VIS projects, appropriate selection, and supplier
   evaluation and monitoring.  Finally, this model allows those who make
   strategic decisions in VIS projects to identify the most critical variables,
   assess their contribution, and make the right decisions to eliminate waste
   due to waiting time.  © 2022 Potificia Universidad Catolica de Chile.  All
   rights reserved.
DE collaborative logistics; construction company; last planner system;
   provider; social interest housing ( vis ); supplier; supply

---

UT 333
AR Chai N, 2022, TRANSP POLIC, V125, P267, DOI 10.1016/j.tranpol.2022.05.002
TI Safety evaluation of urban rail transit operation considering uncertainty
   and risk preference: A case study in China
AU Chai N; Zhou W; Hu X
TC 26
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2022
AB Safety evaluation of urban rail transit (URT) operation can not only have a
   great impact on passenger travel options, but is also related to planning of
   urban development.  The evaluation results of URT operational safety are
   important for transit operators and passengers.  In this study, we develop
   an integrated multi-stage evaluation framework to assess URT operation from
   the perspective of safety, which considers information uncertainty of key
   influence factors (KIFs), and risk preference of decision-makers (DMs).
   Firstly, to identify and select KIFs, this study makes systematic analysis
   of impacts on URT operational safety from five aspects: passengers,
   management, equipment, environment, and disaster respectively.  Vensim
   software is used to build a stock flow model based on system dynamics
   method, and a two-level index system for assessing URT operational safety is
   established.  Secondly, DMs’ weights are specified based on interval valued
   triangular fuzzy (IVTF)-TOPSIS method, and IVTF-AHP-entropy is introduced to
   determine the combined weight of each indicator.  Thirdly, an S-shaped
   utility function under IVTF environment is developed to get the ranking
   order of research objects, and operational safety levels are determined
   based on cloud model.  Finally, Changsha subway network is selected as a
   case study to test our proposed evaluation framework, and some related
   suggestions for operators and managers have been put forward in the future.
   © 2022
DE cloud model; ivtf-ahp-entropy; ivtf-topsis; operational safety evaluation;
   s-shaped utility function; urban rail transit
ID china; analytical hierarchy process; model; multicriteria analysis; railway
   transport; transportation safety; uncertainty analysis; urban transport

---

UT 334
AR Qian L, 2025, ATMOSPHERE, V16, DOI 10.3390/atmos16080978
TI Dynamic Risk Assessment of Collapse Geological Hazards on Highway Slopes in
   Basalt Regions During Rainy Seasons
AU Qian L; Zhao P/1; Li Z/2
TC 0
SO ATMOSPHERE
PY 2025
AB Anchored in the four-factor theory of natural hazard risk, this study
   presents a dynamic risk assessment of collapse geological hazards (CGHs)
   using the S3K highway slope in Changbai Korean Autonomous County, China, as
   a case study.  Building on previous research, the methodological framework
   consists of three sequential stages: (1) critical indicators for CGHs in
   basalt regions are identified, with iron-staining anomalies—a hallmark of
   such terrains—innovatively integrated as a slope stability metric; (2) a
   system dynamics (SD) model is developed in Vensim to quantify dynamic
   feedback mechanisms, focusing on the “rock weathering–rainfall
   triggering–slope instability” nexus, and time-varying parameters are
   introduced to enable monthly-scale risk prediction; and (3) a 500 m × 500 m
   grid system is established using ArcGIS 10.4, and a computer program is
   developed to achieve SD-GIS coupling and calculate grid parameters.  The
   information value method is then employed to determine risk thresholds,
   thereby completing CGH risk assessment and prediction.  The results indicate
   that over the next five years, high-risk areas will exhibit spatial
   agglomeration when monthly rainfall exceeds approximately 130 mm (July and
   August). Conversely, when monthly rainfall is below around 60 mm, the entire
   region will display low or no risk.  Model simulations reveal that risks
   during the rainy season over the next five years will exhibit insignificant
   variability, prompting simplification of the resultant cartography.  Field
   validation corroborates the robustness of the model.  This research
   overcomes the primary limitations of conventional static assessment models
   by improving the dynamic predictability and the applicability to basalt
   terrains.  The integrated SD-GIS framework presents a novel methodological
   paradigm for dynamic CGH risk analysis and offers support for the
   formulation of targeted disaster mitigation strategies.  © 2025 by the
   authors.
DE collapse geological hazards; dynamic risk assessment; geographic information
   system; system dynamics
ID china; disasters; feedback; geographic information systems; geology;
   hazards; maps; rain; risk analysis; risk assessment; slope protection; slope
   stability; system stability; system theory; weathering; collapse geological
   hazard; dynamic risk assessments; geographic information; geological
   hazards; highway slopes; monthly rainfalls; natural hazard; rainy seasons;
   risk predictions; system dynamics; collapse; disaster management; geological
   hazard; gis; rainfall; risk assessment; slope; basalt

---

UT 335
AR Its AE, 2023, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V460 LNNS, P640, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-20875-1_59
TI Management of Migration Flows of a Megapolis as a Cyber-Physical System
AU Its AE; Its TA; Redko SG; Surina AV
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2023
AB Complex socio-economic processes and rapid changes lead to the fact that
   modern cities, which are complex systems, cannot withstand numerous
   challenges without using a new management model that will allow flexible
   adaptation to changing external conditions.  The “smart city” concept is one
   of the most demanded models for managing a modern megapolis.  This concept
   is based on several key points.  Sustainable migration management is
   essential.  Migration modeling is a reliable tool for managing a megapolis
   as a complex socio-technical system.  Various models of migration are known,
   but from a practical point of view, simulation models that take into account
   the impact of migration on the sustainable development of a megapolis are of
   the greatest interest.  The aim of the study is to develop a system-dynamic
   model for managing the migration flows of a metropolis, which will
   significantly improve the quality and efficiency of its sustainable
   development.  For its formation the package iThink 9.1.3 is used.  The model
   was verified on statistical data about migration flows of St.  Petersburg.
   © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG.
DE cyber-physical system; digital economy; management; megapolis; migration
   process; smart city; system dynamics

---

UT 336
AR Muhammad S, 2023, INT J GLOB ENV ISS, V22, P121, DOI
   10.1504/IJGENVI.2023.134045
TI Application of system dynamics for the sustainable management of solid waste
   in urban areas of Pakistan
AU Muhammad S; Kauser F; Raza A; Hassan I; Janjua S
TC 1
SO INT J GLOB ENV ISS
PY 2023
AB Environmental problems, especially related to solid waste management, are a
   growing concern for every developing country, including Pakistan.  Rapid
   population growth has significantly increased the levels of solid waste
   pollution, and the situation continues to worsen with every passing day.
   The technical, financial, environmental, and social elements involved in the
   management of solid waste systems are interconnected, resulting in several
   interacting feedback loops, thus making solid waste management a complex and
   dynamic problem.  This research aims to develop an integrated system
   dynamics (SD) framework for the sustainable management of solid waste.  The
   SD model is developed based on a detailed causal loop diagram prepared for
   the management of solid waste using STELLA software.  Different strategies
   are formulated by including the policy levers in the model.  The simulation
   results show that different financing strategies undertaken by the
   management can result in varying impacts for the consumers regarding
   collection efficiency and financial burden.  Copyright © 2023 Inderscience
   Enterprises Ltd.
DE pakistan; policy levers; simulation; solid waste management; stella
   software; sustainability; system dynamics
ID pakistan; environmental issue; municipal solid waste; pollution policy;
   population growth; simulation; sustainability; waste management

---

UT 337
AR Tseng C-H, 2021, HELIYON, V7, DOI 10.1016/j.heliyon.2021.e08361
TI Development of a system dynamics model for dioxin flow and its application
   to the energy sector
AU Tseng C-H; Chen L-L; Su S-M
TC 2
SO HELIYON
PY 2021
AB Dioxin pollution has been problematic in Taiwan.  Although the government
   has established emission standards and emission inventory to control dioxin
   pollution, such efforts only apply to pollution emissions; no attempt has
   been made to understand the flow of dioxins in different environmental
   media.  In this study, the STELLA software was used to model the flow
   pattern of dioxins in various media.  This model and the RAIDAR model
   established by the Canadian Environmental Model Research Center were used to
   simulate dioxin flow in Taiwan, and their results were compared with the
   measured values.  The accuracies of the RAIDAR and STELLA models were 63.92%
   and 49.78%, respectively.  This shows that the simulation with the STELLA
   model provided results closer to the measured values and that the error was
   less than ten times that of the RAIDAR model, indicating that the proposed
   model is predictive.  In addition, we used the results of a system dynamics
   model for dioxin flow and an air resource co-benefits (ARCoB) model to apply
   the obtained results to the energy sector to quantify the co-benefits of
   reducing dioxin, greenhouse gas, and air pollutant emissions on the basis of
   the policy target for the year 2030. The total co-benefits of natural gas
   and renewable energy (RE) scenarios were US$9.63 billion and US$12.57
   billion, respectively; the benefit-cost ratios were 2.89 and 20.67,
   respectively.  The development of an RE policy as an alternative to a coal-
   fired power generation policy will contribute to the best co-benefits of
   integrated reductions and will also contribute to human health.  © 2021
DE arcob model; co-benefit; dioxin flow; energy sector; stella; system dynamics
   model

---

UT 338
AR Andrade-Arenas L, 2022, INDONES J ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI, V28, P396, DOI
   10.11591/ijeecs.v28.i1.pp396-404
TI Simulation with system dynamics on university student research
AU Andrade-Arenas L; Nuñez DL; Delgado A
TC 1
SO INDONES J ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI
PY 2022
AB Currently, student research at the university under study is carried out
   from the first semesters until the student graduates, but it is necessary to
   make adjustments to its guidelines that include student research within a
   teaching-learning process.  The objective of the research is to propose a
   model of student research, using causal diagrams and forrester diagram; then
   carry out a simulation of the projection from 2021 to 2026 with the
   variables, students, quality teachers in the research, completed work for
   publication in journal or conference; and thus index in Scopus or Web of
   Science.  Besides, in the methodological part, the systems dynamics method
   was applied, based on the systemic approach.  The research work is
   predictive, which was carried out with the Vensim software, obtaining as a
   result of the simulation, an increase in the production of complete Works by
   the students; where in 2026 around 300 articles will be published by the
   students.  In addition, there will be about 12 full-time quality research
   professors and approximately 6,000 students in 2026. The conclusion reached
   in the research is that the model helps the authorities make decisions
   appropriately according to the forecasts made in the different scenarios
   made with the Vensim software.  © 2022 Institute of Advanced Engineering and
   Science.  All rights reserved.
DE causal diagrams; research teachers; simulation; student research; system
   dynamics

---

UT 339
AR [Anonymous], 2025, PROC - IEEE TECHNOL INT SEMIN ITIS, P220, DOI
   10.1109/ITIS67966.2025.11308791
TI A System Dynamics Model of User Acceptance in Higher Education: Simulating
   TAM Constructs with Vensim
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE TECHNOL INT SEMIN ITIS
PY 2025
AB The acceptance from the end-user of university information systems is an
   important factor for successful implementation and long-term use.  While the
   Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) has been widely applied to examine this
   issue.  The majority of applications are designed statically, thus failing
   to account for the shifting relationships between behavioral constructs over
   time.  This paper introduces the use of a system dynamics methodology to
   represent and simulate the components of TAM within the higher education
   setting.  Using Vensim, a model was developed based on key variables such as
   perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use, attitude toward use, behavioral
   intention, and actual use.  Two scenarios were simulated: baseline adoption
   without intervention, and adoption with a training-based intervention aimed
   at improving perceived ease of use.  The simulation highlights that
   implementing intervention at the right time greatly accelerates adoption
   rates.  Through this study, it is demonstrated that system dynamics serves
   as a valuable tool for providing insights that support strategic and policy
   decisions in implementing digital systems in university.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE system dynamics; tam; user acceptance; vensim
ID behavioral research; dynamics; information use; end-users; high educations;
   modeling construct; perceived ease-of-use; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; technology acceptance model; university information systems; users
   acceptance; vensim; system theory

---

UT 340
AR Xue G, 2023, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12709, DOI 10.1117/12.2685655
TI Green Certificate Trading and Electricity Market Synergy Modelling with
   Renewable Energy Quotas
AU Xue G; Wu Y/2; Niu W; Chen C; Zhu X/2; Tan J
TC 1
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2023
AB With the continuous promotion of China's dual carbon target and the
   construction of a new power system, the green certificate market and the
   power market are facing the problem of coordination and integration, which
   will have a great impact on the power supply structure of China.  This paper
   considers the development demand and trend of Tradable Green Certificates
   (TGC) market, constructs a coupling model of TGC market and electricity
   market based on system dynamics, and uses Vensim software to simulate the
   impact of renewable energy quota and other factors on China's power supply
   structure.  The results show that there is a mutually reinforcing
   relationship between the green certificate market and the electricity
   market, and their synergistic development has a positive impact on the
   restructuring of China's power supply, among which the renewable energy
   quota target is the key influencing factor.  © 2023 SPIE.
DE green certificate exchange market; power structure; system dynamics
ID electric industry; image processing; system theory; carbon targets; exchange
   markets; green certificate exchange market; green certificate market; green
   certificates; power structures; power supply; renewable energies; system
   dynamics; tradable green certificates; power markets

---

UT 341
AR Apriadi BF, 2024, WASTE MANAG RES, V42, P1008, DOI 10.1177/0734242X241231396
TI Policy scenario of plastic waste mitigation in Indonesia using system
   dynamics
AU Apriadi BF; Setiawan RP; Firmansyah I
TC 14
SO WASTE MANAG RES
PY 2024
AB Plastic waste has become a major contributor to global environmental
   pollution.  Some of the environmental impacts of plastic waste include
   littering, the formation of plastic debris in oceans and the contamination
   of freshwater and terrestrial habitats.  Policymakers face great challenges
   in mitigating plastic waste.  Indonesia is considered the second largest
   contributor of plastic waste in the world.  However, existing policies have
   not addressed this issue.  Policies, such as bans on single-use plastic bags
   and fees on plastic bags, have recently been implemented in some pilot
   cities, but the results remain unclear.  Thus, this study proposes feasible
   policies to mitigate plastic waste in Indonesia using system dynamics.
   Specifically, this study seeks to develop a dynamic model of plastic waste
   mitigation and to propose a policy scenario for plastic waste mitigation.
   The proposed policies consist of a plastic bag ban, a plastic bag fee, a
   recycling centre and extended producer responsibility (EPR). The analysis
   demonstrates that an effective mixed policy instrument for reducing plastic
   waste depends on the plastic waste type.  Regarding plastic bottles, the
   effective mixed policy is a combination of a recycling centre and EPR. For
   plastic bags, the effective mixed policies include the following
   combinations: a plastic bag fee and plastic bag ban, a plastic bag fee and
   recycling centre and a plastic bag ban and recycling centre.  © The
   Author(s) 2024.
DE mitigation; mixed policy; plastic waste; policy scenario; system dynamics
ID environmental pollution; indonesia; models theoretical; plastics; recycling;
   refuse disposal; solid waste; waste management; environmental impact;
   plastic recycling; system theory; plastic; environmental pollutions;
   extended producer responsibility; indonesia; mitigation; mixed policy;
   plastic bags; plastic debris; plastics waste; policy scenario; system
   dynamics; plastic waste; policy analysis; recycling; scenario analysis;
   source apportionment; waste management; waste treatment; article; behavior;
   causal loop diagram; dynamics; environmental mitigation; environmental
   protection; extended  producer  responsibility; freshwater environment;
   indonesia; plastic  waste  submodel; plastic consumption submodel; plastic
   pricing mechanism policy; plastic recycling policy; plastic waste; policy;
   policy scenario; price; recycling; recycling  industry  submodel;
   responsibility; simulation; single use  plastic  bag   ban policy; stock and
   flow diagram; system dynamics; validation process; waste management;
   economics; pollution; prevention and control; procedures; recycling; solid
   waste; theoretical model; waste disposal; waste management; plastic bottles

---

UT 342
AR Bastan M, 2024, KYBERNETES, V53, P5325, DOI 10.1108/K-07-2022-0981
TI Resilient banking: model-based assessment of business continuity policies on
   commercial banks
AU Bastan M; Tavakkoli-Moghaddam R; Bozorgi-Amiri A
TC 4
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2024
AB Purpose: Commercial banks face several risks, including credit, liquidity,
   operational and disruptive risks.  In addition to these risks that are
   challenging for banks to control and manage, crises and disasters can exert
   substantially more destructive shocks.  These shocks can exacerbate internal
   risks and cause severe damage to the bank's performance, leading banks to
   bankruptcy and closure.  This study aims to facilitate achieving resilient
   banking policies through a model-based assessment of business continuity
   management (BCM) policies.  Design/methodology/approach: By applying a
   system dynamics (SD) methodology, a systemic model that includes a causal
   structure of the banking business is presented.  To build a simulation
   model, data are collected from a commercial bank in Iran.  By presenting the
   simulation model of the bank's business, the consequences of some given
   crises on the bank's performance are tested, and the effectiveness of risk
   and crisis management policies is evaluated.  Vensim Personal Learning
   Edition (PLE) software is used to construct the simulation model.  Findings:
   Results indicate that the current BCM policies do not show appropriate
   resilience in the face of various crises.  Commercial banks cannot create
   sustainable value for the banks' shareholders despite the possibility of
   profitability, as the shareholders lack adequate resilience and soundness.
   These commercial banks do not have the appropriate resilience for the next
   pandemic after coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Moreover, the robustness
   of the current banking business model is very fragile for the banking run
   crisis.  Practical implications: A forward-looking view of resilient banking
   can be obtained by combining liquidity coverage, stable funding, capital
   adequacy and insights from stress tests.  Resilient banking requires a
   balanced combination of robustness, soundness and profitability.
   Originality/value: The present study is a combination of bank business
   management, risk and resilience management and SD simulation.  This approach
   can analyze and simulate the dynamics of bank resilience.  Additionally,
   present of a decision support system (DSS) to analyze and simulate the
   outcomes of different crisis management policies and solutions is an
   innovative approach to developing effective and resilient banking policies.
   © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE capital adequacy; liquidity coverage; organizational resilience; resilient
   banking; risk management; stable funding; system dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; computer software; decision support systems;
   profitability; risk assessment; system theory; capital adequacies;
   commercial bank; fundings; liquidity coverage; organizational;
   organizational resilience; resilient banking; risks management; stable
   funding; system dynamics; risk management

---

UT 343
AR Wang G/1, 2022, IEEE ENG MANAG REV, V50, P113, DOI 10.1109/EMR.2022.3145566
TI Simulation Analysis of Dynamic Feedback Correlation Between Advanced
   Manufacturing Technology (AMT) and Product Innovation Performance
AU Wang G/1; Zhang L/4
TC 7
SO IEEE ENG MANAG REV
PY 2022
AB Based on the method of system dynamics, analyzing the causal relationship
   among variables in the 'advanced manufacturing technology (AMT)-product
   innovation' system, this article constructs the system dynamics model of
   dynamic evolution between AMT and product innovation and uses Vensim
   Personal Learing Edition (PLE) for simulation.  The simulation analysis
   provided four major conclusions.  First, the impact of AMT on the product
   innovation performance is characterized by dynamic changes.  The initial
   implementation of AMT exerts a short-term inhibiting effect; however, it
   provides medium- and long-term benefits that occur 50-plus months after
   adoption.  Second, the enhancement of the single dimension of design,
   manufacturing, and administrative AMT exerts a positive impact on knowledge
   absorptive capacity and product innovation performance; however, the impact
   of design AMT is the most noticeable.  Third, the design, manufacturing, and
   administrative AMTs are complementary, and the product innovation benefit of
   combining multidimensional AMT is most apparent; the synergistic effect
   produced by it can markedly enhance the product innovation performance
   compared with one-dimensional AMT. Finally, prior technical level and
   organizational learning willingness positively moderate the correlation
   between AMT and product innovation.  However, compared with the prior
   technical level, organizational learning willingness exerts a more notable
   moderating effect on the product innovation performance.  © 1973-2011 IEEE.
DE advanced manufacturing technology ( amt ); organizational learning
   willingness; prior technical level; product innovation performance; system
   dynamics
ID engineering education; knowledge based systems; knowledge management;
   product design; system theory; advanced manufacturing technologies;
   correlation; innovation performance; knowledge based systems; organizational
   learning; organizational learning willingness; prior technical level;
   product innovation; product innovation performance; technical levels;
   technological innovation; manufacture

---

UT 344
AR Tong D, 2025, HERNIA, V29, DOI 10.1007/s10029-025-03348-1
TI System dynamics modeling to predict hospitalization costs in adults with
   inguinal hernia: a single-centre study
AU Tong D; Liu X/10; Shen Y
TC 0
SO HERNIA
PY 2025
AB Background: This research aims to develop a novel methodology and provide
   innovative insights for accurately forecasting hospitalization expenses by
   developing an appropriate system dynamics model to predict hospital costs
   and simulate future trends.  The findings are meant to serve as a guide for
   creating effective policies and measures to curb the growth in
   hospitalization costs.  Methods: We selected adults who had inguinal hernia
   surgery at Beijing Chaoyang Hospital from January 2015 to December 2023
   according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria.  We identified the
   primary factors that influence hospitalization costs and conceptualized them
   as interconnected subsystems within the broader hospitalization cost system.
   We develop a system dynamics model of hospitalization costs using the stock-
   flow tree modeling framework based on flow-rate variables.  Results: This
   study included a total of 23,696 adult patients who had inguinal hernia
   surgery.  The simulation results for the period 2016 to 2033 were generated
   by running the model in Vensim simulation software.  The forecast for 2033
   predicts that hospitalization costs for adult inguinal hernia patients at
   Beijing Chaoyang Hospital will reach 81.28 million RMB. The number of
   surgeries will rise to 7,913, with 65% (5,104 surgeries) being outpatient
   procedures.  The average cost per hospitalization will be 10,271.35 RMB. The
   elderly population among surgical patients is expected to increase to 5,323.
   For every 1,000 laparoscopic surgeries, 454 will be performed.  For every
   1,000 surgeries, 437 will involve the use of degradable mesh implants.  The
   number of patients with severe comorbidities is expected to reach 6,403, and
   medication costs are forecasted to be 1.44 million RMB. Conclusions: The
   system dynamics model for hospitalization costs effectively captures the
   relationships between multiple influencing factors and hospital expenses.
   The model’s reliability and predictive results’ credibility are indicated by
   the high alignment between simulated historical data and actual historical
   values.  Hospitalization costs are projected to increase annually, while per
   capita hospitalization costs are expected to decrease.  Factors such as an
   aging population, improved cost control policies, and the promotion of
   outpatient surgeries exert significant influence in this trend.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag France SAS, part of
   Springer Nature 2025.
DE hospitalization costs; inguinal hernia; prediction; simulation; system
   dynamics
ID adult; aged; china; female; forecasting; hernia inguinal; herniorrhaphy;
   hospital costs; hospitalization; humans; male; middle aged; models economic;
   adult; aged; aging; ambulatory surgery; american society of
   anaesthesiologists score; article; china; comorbidity; controlled study;
   cost; cost control; drug cost; female; flow rate; forecasting; health care
   cost; hospital cost; hospitalization; hospitalization cost; human; inguinal
   hernia; laparoscopic surgery; major clinical study; male; prediction;
   reliability; simulation; surgical patient; treatment outcome; economic
   model; economics; herniorrhaphy; hospital cost; hospitalization; inguinal
   hernia; middle aged; surgery

---

UT 345
AR Perwitasari DA, 2025, INF MED UNLOCKED, V59, DOI 10.1016/j.imu.2025.101714
TI Dynamic system of tuberculosis elimination modelling in Indonesia: A study
   in Kuningan, West Java, Indonesia
AU Perwitasari DA; Faridah IN; Casnan C; Nurjanah N; Listiana I; Ristiono H;
   Ramadhani J
TC 0
SO INF MED UNLOCKED
PY 2025
AB Tuberculosis (TB) remains a major public health burden in Indonesia, which
   currently ranks second worldwide in TB incidence.  This study aimed to
   develop and validate a dynamic systems model to simulate TB elimination
   strategies at the district level in Kuningan, West Java.  We conducted a
   cross-sectional study involving 30 TB patients, complemented with
   retrospective data from Ciniru Health Center, the national TB surveillance
   system (SITB), and Minimal Standard of Services (2019–2023). Patient-level
   data were collected using structured questionnaires on adherence, beliefs,
   and knowledge, as well as household environmental assessments.  A system
   dynamics model was constructed using Powersim Studio 10 Academic to simulate
   the transmission and control of TB. Model validation against historical data
   showed strong predictive accuracy (absolute mean error <5 %). Simulation of
   two scenarios—Moderate and extreme—revealed substantial differences in
   outcomes by 2040. Under the Moderate scenario, improvements in lifestyle,
   nutrition, and adherence reduced the number of TB cases from 82 to 55, and
   suspects treated decreased from 702 to 614. Under the extreme scenario,
   further reductions were observed, with TB cases declining to 10 and suspects
   treated to 612. Key determinants influencing TB burden included nutrition,
   lifestyle, household environment, and management of drug side effects.  This
   dynamic modeling framework provides valuable insights for localized TB
   control strategies.  It emphasizes that elimination efforts should go beyond
   biomedical interventions by addressing behavioral, environmental, and
   psychosocial determinants.  The model offers a practical tool to guide
   district-level planning and supports the national TB elimination agenda.  ©
   2025 The Authors.
DE elimination; indonesia; public health center; system dynamics model;
   tuberculosis
ID tuberculostatic agent; adolescent; adult; adverse drug reaction; aged;
   article; attitude to health; child; clinical article; control strategy;
   controlled study; cross-sectional study; demographics; dietary intake;
   environment; environmental factor; female; health behavior; health belief;
   health education; household; human; indonesia; latent tuberculosis;
   lifestyle modification; male; patient compliance; patient experience;
   predictive value; public health service; social behavior; social psychology;
   structured questionnaire; tuberculosis; unspecified side effect

---

UT 346
AR Gao Y-N, 2021, GONGKU JIAOTONG KEJI, V38, P96, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1002-0268.2021.03.013
TI A System Dynamics Model and Simulation of Policy for Urban Traffic System
   under Low Carbon Economy; [低碳经济下城市交通系统动力学模型及政策仿真]
AU Gao Y-N; Hao Q
TC 12
SO GONGKU JIAOTONG KEJI
PY 2021
AB With the adjustment of Chinese economic development mode, people are paying
   more and more attention to a series of environmental pollution problems
   caused by transport.  The modern transport system in the new era is
   gradually developing towards resource saving and green circulation.  Under
   the background of vigorously developing low-carbon economy, how to develop
   low-carbon transport has become the main research direction.  Based on the
   in-depth study of the evolution process of the interaction between urban
   traffic congestion and environmental pollution, the influences of urban
   population and GDP, vehicle ownership, traffic infrastructure construction,
   public transport ownership, management level and traffic policy on the
   development of urban low-carbon transport are analyzed from the aspects of
   government decision-making, population, vehicles and economy.  The model of
   urban low-carbon transport system affected by policy is constructed by using
   the method of system dynamics.  Taking Harbin for example, combining with
   the specific situation of urban development, the effects of different
   traffic management policies in restraining traffic carbon emissions and
   urban congestion are analyzed by using Vensim PLE software.  To reduce the
   carbon emissions of urban traffic and ensure the optimal urban traffic
   efficiency, the optimization suggestions are proposed, and the urban
   transport development mode for Harbin under the background of low-carbon
   economy is explored.  The result shows that (1) the policy of traffic
   restriction and new energy vehicle subsidy can effectively alleviate traffic
   congestion and reduce exhaust emissions; (2) the reform policy of traffic
   supply side can solve the problem of traffic congestion; (3) improving the
   level of traffic management can alleviate exhaust emissions and road
   congestion; (4) adopting flexible and effective traffic management policies
   and improving the level of traffic management will help to reduce traffic
   congestion, reduce emissions of polluting gases, and realize the balance
   among traffic, population, economy and environment.  © 2021 Editorial
   Department of Journal of Highway and Transportation Research and
   Development.  All rights reserved.
DE low carbon transport; policy; system dynamics; urban traffic; urban
   transportation system

---

UT 347
AR Lagarda‐leyva EA, 2021, APPL SCI, V11, DOI 10.3390/app11177938
TI System dynamics and lean approach: Development of a technological solution
   in a regional product packaging company
AU Lagarda‐leyva EA
TC 11
SO APPL SCI
PY 2021
AB This study was performed in a regional product marketing company located in
   Ciudad Obregón, Sonora, México, where a problem was detected in empirical
   decision‐making due to their recent incorporation into the market.  Thus,
   the objective of this study is the shelf‐product production link, where the
   interest is in knowing the behavior of the main variables that influence the
   system.  System dynamics methodology follows six steps: (1) Map the process
   under study with the value stream map (VSM); (2) Create a causal diagram;
   (3) Elaborate the Forrester diagram and equations; (4) Validate the current
   model; (5) Simulate scenarios; (6) Create the graphical user interface.  The
   main results were the design of the scenarios starting from a robust system
   dynamics model, three scenarios, and the graphical interface.  For this
   purpose, Stella Architect Software was used as it has special attributes to
   create a graphical user interface.  Furthermore, all the elements of the VSM
   were added under the Lean Startup approach.  Significantly, the inadequate
   management of the materials was detected, which is why the recommendation
   was to separate the packaging of dry and cold products to care for food
   innocuousness and the cold chain.  Likewise, processing time decreased,
   reducing material transfer, which was detected by applying a future VSM
   based on the Lean Startup methodology.  The technological solution in this
   study is a contribution based on social sciences and mathematics (nonlinear
   equations) using dynamics simulation to observe the complexity of system
   behavior.  © 2021 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE logistics; scenarios; simulation; supply chain; system dynamics; value
   stream map

---

UT 348
AR Retuerto MG, 2021, INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL, V12, P537, DOI
   10.14569/IJACSA.2021.0120762
TI System Dynamics Modeling for Solid Waste Management in Lima Peru
AU Retuerto MG; Espinoza DY; Andrade-Arenas L
TC 11
SO INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL
PY 2021
AB This research work focuses on environmental care based on the treatment of
   solid, organic and inorganic waste.  These inappropriate wastes cause
   deterioration of the environment and the ozone layer.  This is why we are
   currently seeing an abrupt change in climate and diseases caused by
   environmental pollution.  The objective of the research work is to perform a
   system dynamics modeling for effective and efficient solid waste management
   in Lima Peru, and thus contribute to the scientific community to achieve a
   future vision for solid waste management.  The methodology used was system
   dynamics, which made it possible to analyze and understand the behavior of a
   complex solid waste system in a given time.  In addition, vensim software
   was used for system dynamics modeling, creating the causal diagram and
   forrester diagram for solid waste management.  The results obtained are the
   system dynamics modeling proposed for solid waste management, which were
   modeled from 2020 to 2030, where by 2030 it will be reduced in favorable
   equilibrium to 23,066 tons.  Thanks to this system dynamics modeling,
   society will be made aware of the need to sort and use solid waste, in order
   to reduce environmental pollution.  Likewise, having a healthy environment
   that will benefit health, agriculture and education will benefit society as
   a whole.  © 2021. All Rights Reserved.
DE causal diagram; environmental pollution; forrester diagram; systems
   dynamics; vensim
ID climate change; pollution; solid wastes; system theory; waste treatment;
   causal diagram; environmental pollutions; forrester diagrams; inorganic
   waste; scientific community; solid organic waste; solid waste management;
   system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; vensim; deterioration

---

UT 349
AR Zhang C, 2021, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12058, DOI 10.1117/12.2619895
TI Analysis on the Impact of Vehicle Pollutant Emission Control based on System
   Dynamics
AU Zhang C
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2021
AB As China's social and economic level is developing rapidly, vehicles have
   become a necessity in daily life.  However, with the continuous growth of
   the number of vehicles, the problem of vehicle exhaust pollution become
   increasingly serious in recent years.  As the capital of China, Beijing has
   always been at the forefront of the country in terms of car ownership with a
   high growth rate every year.  It can be said that vehicle exhaust has become
   a very important source of air pollution in Beijing.  This paper will start
   from the perspective of government management.  First of all, it analyzes
   the macro factors of vehicle pollutant emissions, and introduces the
   policies formulated by Beijing Municipal Government for the control of
   pollutant emissions.  Then, the causal relationship between these factors is
   described, and the system flow diagram is drawn according to the causal
   relationship diagram.  Finally, the Vensim is used to simulate the system
   flow chart and analyze the sensitivity of key factors.  This paper holds
   that the Beijing government's restrictions on traffic and purchase play an
   important role in regulating pollutant emissions.  At the same time, this
   paper also puts forward other measures and suggestions to control tail gas
   emission.  © 2021 SPIE
DE policy management; restriction number policy; travel restriction policy;
   vehicle exhaust
ID decision making; decision theory; emission control; flowcharting; graphic
   methods; public policy; causal relationships; policy management; pollutant
   emissions control; pollutants emissions; restriction number policy;
   restriction policy; system flow; travel restriction policy; travel
   restrictions; vehicle exhausts; vehicles

---

UT 350
AR Yang JS, 2023, INDIAN J FISH, V70, P18, DOI 10.21077/ijf.2023.70.4.135615-02
TI The ecological footprint study of marine fisheries in Liaoning Province of
   China based on system dynamics
AU Yang JS; Pan XW; Yin ZQ; Cui JR; Sun PQ; Gu HF; Li JX; Wang Y/5; Xu M/2
TC 4
SO INDIAN J FISH
PY 2023
AB Since the end of the 20th century, with the rapid development of the marine
   economy, the marine environment of Liaoning Province in China was under
   tremendous pressure and the fishery resources have been in serious decline.
   The marine fishing output of Liaoning Province was reduced from 1.502×107 t
   in 2000 to 5.244×106 t in 2018. Using STELLA software as the modeling
   platform, we followed the basic steps of system dynamics modeling (SD
   model), combined with the principle of ecological footprint of fisheries to
   establish the SD model of ecological footprint of fisheries in Liaoning
   Province of China, and applied the fuzzy evaluation method to
   comprehensively evaluate the ecological carrying capacity of Liaoning marine
   area.  The results show that marine fishery resources in Liaoning Province
   have been in ecological deficit and unsustainable development.  The
   ecological footprint of fisheries in Liaoning Province has increased from
   1.08×107 km2 to 1.88×107 km2 with an average value of 1.60×107 km2 between
   2000 and 2018, which is already higher than the ecological carrying capacity
   of 3.20×106 km2 and about 5 times of the carrying capacity, which means that
   fishing pressure needs to be reduced to at least 20% of its current level
   for the ecological footprint of fisheries to rebound and for the ecological
   deficit to decrease steadily, thus preventing an ecosystem collapse.  © 2023
   Indian Council of Agricultural Research.
DE ecological footprint of fisheries; liaoning fishery resources; stella
   software; system dynamics

---

UT 351
AR Ibrahim A, 2025, PROCEEDING - IEEE INT CONF SOFTW ENG COMPUT SYST ADV NEXT-
   GENER INTELL SOLUT ICSECS, P243, DOI 10.1109/ICSECS65227.2025.11279194
TI Calibrating a COVID-19 System Dynamics Model with Multi-Country Cases to
   Enhance Model Validity
AU Ibrahim A; Abdul Kadir TA; Daniyal H; Macdonald RH
TC 0
SO PROCEEDING - IEEE INT CONF SOFTW ENG COMPUT SYST ADV NEXT-GENER INTELL SOLUT
   ICSECS
PY 2025
AB Validating System Dynamics (SD) models has been a serious concern for many
   years.  To address this issue, this study presents the validation of an SD
   model of COVID-19 using empirical data from multiple countries to assess
   both its structural and behavioural validity.  The model was developed in
   Vensim DSS and manually calibrated to evaluate its performance against real-
   world data cases across five European countries: Spain, Portugal, Italy,
   France, and Hungary, which represent diverse outbreak contexts.  The results
   indicate that the model successfully replicates the trends of the COVID-19
   outbreak in each country, providing strong evidence of the model’s
   structural soundness, robustness and its capacity to adapt across diverse
   yet comparable contexts.  Thus, uncertainty surrounding both the model's
   structure and behaviour is reduced.  The future implications of this study
   suggest that the model can support broader scenario testing and provide a
   foundation for future applications in other regions where validation across
   multiple cases is required.  ©2025 IEEE.
DE covid-19; model uncertainty; model validation; parameter calibration; system
   dynamics
ID information systems; information use; system theory; empirical data;
   european countries; model validation; model validity; modeling
   uncertainties; parameters calibrations; performance; real-world; system
   dynamics; system dynamics modeling; uncertainty analysis

---

UT 352
AR Yin L, 2022, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P141, DOI 10.1145/3528137.3528157
TI Simulation Research on Intervention Model of Higher Vocational Students'
   Crisis Behavior under Network Environment
AU Yin L; Huang Q; Chen Z
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2022
AB Preventing and controlling college students' crisis behavior is the urgent
   task and important subject of constructing harmonious campus.  However, the
   students in higher vocational college have high incidence of crisis behavior
   because of their complicated factors.  Therefore, this paper investigated
   the crisis behaviors of higher vocational students in the network
   environment.  On the basis of analyzing the causes of crisis behaviors, we
   used the feedback principle of systematic dynamics to clarify the main
   influencing factors of crisis behaviors, established the system dynamics
   model, and conducted simulation research through Vensim software.  The
   results showed that the reduction of psychological counseling has no
   significant impact on the crisis behaviors of higher vocational students.
   Strengthening school-enterprise cooperation and establishing teaching
   practice platform have significant positive influence on reducing college
   their crisis behavior, but strengthening school-enterprise cooperation has a
   stronger positive effect on preventing and controlling higher vocational
   students' crisis behavior than establishing the teaching-practice platform.
   © 2022 ACM.
DE crisis behavior; higher vocational students; intervention strategy;
   systematic dynamics
ID computer software; education computing; crisis behavior; high vocational
   student; intervention models; intervention strategy; network environments;
   practice platforms; school-enterprise cooperations; simulation research;
   systematic dynamic; teaching practices; students

---

UT 353
AR Li CG, 2021, LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG,
   V369, P427, DOI 10.1007/978-3-030-72792-5_35
TI Simulation Study on the Development of Chinese Bank Industry Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Li CG; Zuo XT
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG
PY 2021
AB There are many factors influencing the development of the bank industry, and
   scholars have paid much attention to the influence of these factors on the
   development of the bank industry.  In order to better promoting the healthy
   and steady development of China’s bank industry, studying the influence of
   the factors on the development of the bank industry, this paper uses Vensim
   PLE software to build a simulation model for the development of the bank
   industry.  This paper simulates and analyzes the impact of the changes in
   money supply and supervision level on the profit level of the bank industry.
   The simulation results show that the profit level of the bank industry will
   increase when the money supply is reduced.  Higher levels of regulation make
   banks less profitable.  The simulation results also show that the change of
   money supply has no obvious effect on the nonperforming loan balance.  ©
   ICST Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and
   Telecommunications Engineering 2021.
DE bank industry; simulation analysis; system dynamics
ID profitability; industry based; loan balance; money supply; simulation model;
   simulation studies; system dynamics; computer software

---

UT 354
AR Yuan F, 2022, INT CONF ELECTR ENG CONTROL SCI IC2ECS, P306, DOI
   10.1109/IC2ECS57645.2022.10087952
TI A study on carbon emission forecasting in the power industry under the
   background of new power system
AU Yuan F; Su L; Wang S/3; Yu J; Wang Y/11; Teng Y; Feng T
TC 2
SO INT CONF ELECTR ENG CONTROL SCI IC2ECS
PY 2022
AB Using VENSIM software to build a system dynamics model, China's power
   industry carbon emissions simulation.  The model sets up three scenarios:
   baseline scenario, low carbon scenario and ultra-low carbon scenario: and
   based on 3 different scenarios, the carbon emissions of the power industry
   from 2005 to 2030 are simulated and forecasted on this basis.  The effects
   of different emission reductions were compared and evaluated.  The results
   show that research and development of low-carbon technologies, adjustment of
   power supply structure and industrial structure will contribute to the low-
   carbon development of China's power industry.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE carbon emissions forecast; power industry; system dynamics
ID carbon; emission control; industrial research; system theory; carbon
   emission forecast; carbon emissions; emission reduction; low carbon; model
   set; power; power industry; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; ultra
   low carbon; computer software

---

UT 355
AR Su J/1, 2025, LIBR SERV, V69, P3, DOI 10.13266/j.issn.0252-3116.2025.09.001
TI System Dynamics Analysis of Data Transaction Market Circulation Mechanisms;
   [数据交易市场流转机制的系统动力学分析]
AU Su J/1; Song W
TC 1
SO LIBR SERV
PY 2025
AB [Purpose/Significance] This study aims to explore the dynamic changes and
   interactions among various elements in the data transaction market, reveal
   the impact mechanism of data transaction on the market and social economy,
   and explore more effective management and trading modes.  [Method/Process]
   This study adopted the system dynamics method to explore the data
   circulation mechanisms and their dynamics in the data transaction market.
   The market was subdivided into four core subsystems: data asset management,
   transaction mechanism, supervision and compliance, and market dynamics.
   Scenario simulations were carried out by Vensim to explore the interactions
   between the subsystems and their impact on the overall performance of the
   market.  [Result/Conclusion] Through the systematic analysis of the data
   transaction market, this study aims to reveal the key driving factors and
   core problems in the data circulation, propose strategies to promote the
   healthy development of the market, and provide references for relevant
   policy formulation and market practice.  © 2025 LIS Press Co., Ltd.  All
   rights reserved.
DE data circulation; data transaction; data transaction market; system dynamics

---

UT 356
AR Wang Z/10, 2024, ACTA SEDIMENTOL SIN, V42, P2054, DOI
   10.14027/j.issn.1000-0550.2023.036
TI A Kinetic Model for Carbon and Sulfur Fractionation from the Late Ordovician
   to the Early Silurian in Sichuan Basin, China
AU Wang Z/10; Wang C/1; Dong Z; Zhu Y
TC 0
SO ACTA SEDIMENTOL SIN
PY 2024
AB [Obective]The significant migration events of carbon and sulfur
   isotopes（δ13C, δ34S)in the global transition period from the Late Ordovician
   to the Early Silurian have been widely recognized, but the causes of these
   isotopes are still controversial.  Quantitative numerical simulation is one
   of the ways to solve this problem.[Methods]A total of 47 shale samples from
   the Tianlin and Shaba sections, which were deposited in different regions of
   the Sichuan Basin during this period（23 samples from the Tianlin section,
   and 24 samples from the Shaba section), were selected for organic
   carbon（δ13Corg)and pyrite sulfur isotope（δ34Spy)analysis.  The system
   dynamics software Vensim7.3.5 was used to reconstruct the model and analyze
   the dynamics.[Results]The main results are as follows: （1)Both δ13Corg and
   δ34Spy exhibited synchronous positive shifts before the Hirnantian glacial
   period, reached the peak value in the Hirnantian glacial period, and then
   decreased.  The synchronous positive deviation of C and S isotopes can occur
   when the burial fluxes of organic carbon were 1.5 to 2.0 times, and pyrite
   1.5 to 3.0 times, that of the preglacial period.  This indicates that the
   high primary productivity and widely developed anoxic water column of iron
   were beneficial to the burial of sedimentary organic matter and pyrite.
   During the Hirnantian glacial period, with the decreased primary
   productivity and increased oxygen content in water column, the burial flux
   of organic carbon and pyrite decreased gradually, and the carbon and sulfur
   isotopes were slightly negative.  The intensity of volcanic activity mainly
   affects the migration of δ13C, and the weakened volcanic activity was
   beneficial to the positive deviation of δ13C, while the enhanced volcanic
   activity after the glacial period was the necessary condition for the
   significant negative deviation of δ13C over a short time（0.5-1.0 Myr).（2)The
   lower seawater sulfate concentration（approximately 5 mM)in the early stage
   of the Hirnantian glacial period was the basis of the positive shift of
   δ34S, with an increase of pyrite burial flux, the ocean sulfate
   concentration gradually decreased to 3 mM and reached the lowest during the
   Hirnantian glacial period, while the increase of terrestrial sulfate input
   flux in the post-glacial period was the main factor leading to the negative
   deviation of δ34S, making the ocean sulfate concentration gradually return
   to 5 mM. [Conclusions]The results quantitatively evaluate the main
   influencing factors of δ13C and δ34S synchronous migration.  A new idea and
   quantitative prediction model are provided for the study of the kinetics of
   C and S isotope fractionation throughout geological history.  © 2024,
   Science China Press.  All rights reserved.
DE carbon isotopes; early silurian; kinetic model; late ordovician; sichuan
   basin; sulfur isotopes
ID china; carbon isotope; ordovician; organic carbon; postglacial; reaction
   kinetics; seawater; sulfur isotope; water column

---

UT 357
AR Lei T/1, 2025, J SAF ENV, V25, P3965, DOI
   10.13637/j.issn.1009-6094.2025.0046
TI Dynamic risk evolution and emergency plan optimization for chemical
   accidents based on the TOE framework; [基于 TOE 框架的化工事故系统风险动态演化及应急方案优选]
AU Lei T/1; Hui X; Nie D
TC 0
SO J SAF ENV
PY 2025
AB Based on the Technology-Organization-Environment (TOE) framework, this study
   employs the system dynamics method.  First, the risk factors of the chemical
   accident system are categorized into three dimensions: technology,
   organization, and environment.  By constructing a causal circuit diagram,
   the emergency plans implemented by accident enterprises, fire rescue teams,
   and territorial governments are mapped to these system risk factors.
   Secondly, a system dynamics model is developed to reflect the evolution of
   system risk in chemical accidents.  The corresponding parameters are set
   using the “January 15” major explosion and fire accident in Panjin, Liaoning
   Province, as a case study.  Finally, Vensim software was used to identify
   the key risk factors within the individual subsystems of technology,
   organization, and environment.  The optimal emergency plan was selected
   based on an acceptable risk level, taking into account the interactions
   between subsystems.  The ability of the optimal solution combination to
   control the coupling risk was then verified.  The results show that the
   evolution level of chemical accident risk remains stable initially and then
   rapidly decreases.  At the initial stage of system operation, the evolution
   level of organizational risk is the highest.  By the end of the system
   operation cycle, the evolution of environmental risk concludes, while
   organizational risk and technical risk still persist.  The key system risk
   factors identified within the technical, organizational, and environmental
   subsystems are inter-departmental cooperation barriers, illegal risky
   operations, and delayed information release, respectively.  The optimal
   single-factor emergency response plans to control the key risks identified
   are as follows: emergency resource scheduling to address organizational
   risks, full-time fire brigade construction to mitigate technical risks, and
   on-site command to manage environmental risks.  It was found that the
   interaction of key risks within the organizational and technical subsystems
   results in the largest increase in the chemical accident risk evolution
   level.  The combination of the identified single-factor and multi-factor
   emergency plans can effectively control the interaction risk.  In cases
   where the intensity of key system risk factors in all three subsystems
   increases simultaneously, the accident enterprise should pay particular
   attention to the effectiveness of regular safety management measures.  ©
   2025 Science China Press.  All rights reserved.
DE chemical accident; public safety; risk prevention and control; system
   dynamics; toe frame

---

UT 358
AR Thakur A, 2021, AGRIC RES, V10, P307, DOI 10.1007/s40003-020-00502-2
TI Value Chain Analysis of Informal Dairy Processing Units in Haryana (India):
   A System Dynamic Approach
AU Thakur A; Dixit AK; Kumar S; Bhandari G
TC 8
SO AGRIC RES
PY 2021
AB The study intends to examine the value chain of liquid milk of informal
   sector based on procurement systems by dairy processing units, applying
   simulation model Vensim PLE x32 package.  Mapping of product flow and core
   actors involved in value chains are based on primary data pertaining to year
   2019. The total sample size was 27 of small and micro dairy processing units
   in Karnal district of Haryana state.  The study concluded that cost of milk
   procurement was the least in collection centre (Model-I). The integrated
   production and processing system (Model-II) could attain higher profits (Rs.
   9.56/L) compared to Model-I (Rs.  2.65/L) and Vendor system, i.e.  Model-III
   (Rs.  1.78/L). The identified three key interventions, viz.  training in
   milk handling, packing and processing; efficient transportation and
   processing technology and efficient design of procurement systems need to be
   applied for leveraging of milk value chain.  © 2020, NAAS (National Academy
   of Agricultural Sciences).
DE distribution; informal channels; raw milk; value chain
ID haryana; india; agricultural engineering; agronomy; dairy processing;
   efficient designs; integrated production; processing systems; processing
   technologies; simulation model; system dynamics; value chain analysis; dairy
   farming; efficiency measurement; food processing; milk production; numerical
   model; supply chain management; dairies

---

UT 359
AR Che Musa MF, 2024, J INT ORAL HEAL, V16, P403, DOI 10.4103/jioh.jioh_133_24
TI Scenario Modeling for Dentistry in Malaysia: Utilization, Privatization, and
   Specialization
AU Che Musa MF; Morgan J; Harper P; Bernabé E; Gallagher JE
TC 0
SO J INT ORAL HEAL
PY 2024
AB Aim: To study to model future clinical dental workforce scenarios in
   Malaysia, in relation to population need-demand, to inform future change.
   Materials and Methods: A system dynamics (SD) model was developed in Vensim-
   software to model the need/demand and supply for dental care across public-
   private sectors over 3 decades (2010-2040). This model included two sub-
   models relating to 'need/demand' and 'supply,' drawing on national evidence
   from two previous studies (student career surveys and interviews of key
   stakeholders nationally), together with relevant available data.  This SD
   model provided the baseline model (S1) for Malaysia and four-distinctive-
   scenarios (S2-5), involving enhancing generalists-specialists across public-
   private sectors.  An additional scenario (S6) was run to optimize workforce
   utilization, informed by career expectations of emerging graduates drawing
   on earlier scenarios (S2-5). Results: Modeling future five-scenarios
   highlighted the gap in dental workforce nationally across both sectors could
   range from a surplus of a total of 3739 dentists and 817 therapists in the
   baseline scenario to a total shortfall of 1249 dentists and surplus of 817
   therapists by the year 2040, influenced by dentist working patterns,
   specialization, and privatization.  Increasing the potential for specialist
   training and permitting emerging graduates' to working part-time, while
   optimizing public sector primary care, and responding to the career
   expectations of emerging graduates, has the potential to absorb potential
   oversupply, and, thus, utilize the entire clinician dental workforce in
   Malaysia in the medium term.  Conclusion: The findings of this model
   demonstrate the short-term requirement to expand the Malaysian dental
   workforce to meet dental needs of the population, highlighting that
   continued production at the current rate will result in oversupply, unless
   action is taken to maximize primary care, enhance specialization, and
   embrace flexible working to meet career expectations of graduates.  © 2024
   Journal of International Oral Health.
DE malaysia; privatization; specialization; system dynamics; workforce modeling

---

UT 360
AR Wang F/1, 2023, GEOL SURV CHINA, V10, P103, DOI 10.19388/j.zgdzdc.2023.02.13
TI Water ecological carrying capacity evaluation of Qinmang River Basin (Henan
   Section); [沁蟒河流域(河南段)水生态承载力评价]
AU Wang F/1; Zhang D; Yu C
TC 1
SO GEOL SURV CHINA
PY 2023
AB The identification of water carrying capacity in Qinmang River Basin (Henan
   Section) is imminent in order to protect the water ecological environment.
   The Driving-force Pressure Resistance State Response (DPRSR) model was
   adopted to evaluate the water ecological carrying capacity of Qinmang River
   Basin (Henan Section) from 2008 to 2018. Then the Vensim software was used
   to build a System Dynamics (SD) model to predict and analyze the water
   ecological carrying capacity in the future under different development modes
   (conventional development mode, comprehensive development mode and
   ecological priority development mode). The results show that the overall
   water ecological carrying capacity of Qinmang River Basin (Henan section)
   from 2008 to 2018 is critical preference.  Under the comprehensive
   development model, the water ecological carrying capacity is within the
   bearable range, which is recommended as the optimal plan for the sustainable
   and healthy development of the water ecology and economic society of Qinmang
   River Basin.  The results provides beneficial references for regional water
   ecological environment protection and social development strategy
   formulation.  © 2023 Editorial Department of China Geological Survey.  All
   rights reserved.
DE basin development mode; dprsr model; evaluation of water ecological carrying
   capacity; qinmang river basin ( henan section ); sd model

---

UT 361
AR Xu K, 2025, J IRRIG DRAIN, V44, P104, DOI 10.13522/j.cnki.ggps.2024261
TI Calculating agricultural water-saving potential in arid areas using system
   dynamic model; [基于系统动力学模型的干旱区农业节水潜力计算]
AU Xu K; Yue Y; Lei B; Yang K; Xu L/4; Jin H/1; Bai M; Liu H/5; Guo Y
TC 1
SO J IRRIG DRAIN
PY 2025
AB 【Objective】Agriculture is the main water consumer in many countries and
   regions, and improving agricultural water use efficiency is critical to
   sustainable development in these regions.  A prerequisite for this is to
   understand the potential for water saving in the agricultural sector.  This
   paper presents a method to evaluate agricultural water-saving potential in
   arid regions.【Method】The method considered the influence of desertification,
   soil erosion, and other environmental factors on water conservation.  A
   total of 30 key factors, including agricultural water consumption, irrigated
   land area, irrigation water use efficiency, grain-to-economy ratio, and soil
   and water conservation rate, were considered in the evaluation.  Using the
   Vensim PLE software, a system dynamic flow diagram model was developed to
   calculate agricultural water-saving potential.  The model was applied to
   Inner Mongolia (excluding Dongsimeng City) to evaluate its agricultural
   water-saving potential at regional scales, in both the short term (up to
   2035) and the long term (up to 2050).【Result】① Agricultural water-saving
   potential in Inner Mongolia was estimated to be 2.518 billion m3 in the
   short term (up to 2035) and 2.958 billion m3 in the long term (up to 2050).
   Among all areas in the province, Bayannur had the highest water-saving
   potential, while Wuhai had the least.  ② Engineering water-saving projects
   contributed the most to the water-saving potential (approximately 52.83%),
   while technical water-saving measures contributed the least (approximately
   16.91%). The contribution of engineering water-saving projects to water
   savings is expected to increase over time.【Conclusion】Our results
   demonstrate that the system dynamic model can be used to estimate
   agricultural water-saving potential.  The results obtained using this model
   are reliable and provide valuable technical support for formulating
   agricultural water-saving policies in arid regions.  ©《灌溉排水学报》编辑部,开放获取 CC
   BY-NC-ND 协议
DE agricultural water-saving potential; arid zone; system dynamics; vensim
   model

---

UT 362
AR Yang X/6, 2021, CHINA MIN MAG, V30, P41, DOI
   10.12075/j.issn.1004-4051.2021.05.035
TI Analysis of enterprise safety investment and safety management level based
   on the system dynamics; [基于系统动力学的企业安全投入与 安全管理水平分析]
AU Yang X/6; Xie Z; Wang Q/5
TC 0
SO CHINA MIN MAG
PY 2021
AB It is an important relationship between enterprise safety investment and
   safety management level.  In order to dynamically reflect the safety
   management level of enterprises, this paper uses the theory and method of
   system dynamics to construct the causal feedback diagram and system flow
   chart of safety investment and safety management level.  Based on the weight
   of the evaluation index obtained by AHP, takes Changzhou Xiyuan Sewage
   Treatment Co., Ltd.  as an example, and uses Vensimple software to simulate.
   The experimental results show that the SD model of enterprise safety
   management can quantitatively predict the development trend of enterprise
   safety management level; the best investment scheme can be determined by
   adjusting the investment proportion of each subsystem of enterprise safety
   management, which provides the basis for enterprise safety investment
   decision.  © 2021 China Mining Magazine Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE ahp; analog simulation; safety input; safety management level; systems
   dynamics

---

UT 363
AR Deva I, 2021, ADV ENV ENG RES, V2, DOI 10.21926/aeer.2104037
TI A System Dynamics Modelling Approach for Electronic Waste Recycling after
   Floods in Jakarta and New Orleans
AU Deva I; van der Weijden R
TC 6
SO ADV ENV ENG RES
PY 2021
AB Due to climate change, flood-related disasters are expected to increase.
   Floods generate enormous amounts of waste, including electronic waste
   (e-waste). E-waste should be recovered not only because it can have
   detrimental effects on human health and the environment but also because of
   the valuable metals contained in it.  In this study, a system dynamics model
   based on current practices and waste management was established using Vensim
   to determine the revenue that can be generated by e-waste recycling after
   floods in two socio-geographic and economic contexts: Jakarta and New
   Orleans.  At current recovery rates, the formal systems employed for
   recovering valuable materials would yield 8% (€58 million) and 14% (€80
   million) of the potential yield for the Jakarta and New Orleans models,
   respectively.  Moreover, the model estimated that informal e-waste recycling
   would yield €1.2 billion.  The model also highlighted several problems
   encountered in post-disaster waste management in both scenarios, such as low
   capacities of temporary storage sites, increased landfilling rates, low
   yields of recovered e-waste components, and limitations on the
   transportation of waste.  For optimizing the recovery of valuable metals,
   regulations addressing e-waste must be implemented more thoroughly, and
   post-disaster waste management guidelines must be revised to contextually
   address flood disasters.  When more data are available, an improved model
   can be established and used as a basis for policymaking to improve the
   infrastructure of solid waste management to optimize e-waste recovery.  ©
   2021 by the author.
DE disaster; e-waste; floods; system dynamics; waste management

---

UT 364
AR Liu C/1, 2022, STRATEG PLANN ENERGY ENV, V41, P147, DOI
   10.13052/spee1048-5236.4122
TI System Dynamics Based Modeling of Group Green Cooperation Experiment
   Teaching
AU Liu C/1; Jiang D/1
TC 0
SO STRATEG PLANN ENERGY ENV
PY 2022
AB Facing with the increasingly prominent global environmental protection
   problems, green teaching, as the basis of global sustainable development,
   has been advocated in China.  Especially green experimental teaching have
   been carried out in most majors with outstanding environmental protection
   issues in China’s higher teaching.  However, current literature shows that,
   except for the pollution-related experiment such as biochemistry and
   chemical engineering, other majors attach less importance to green
   experiment teaching, which is due to people’s insufficient cognition of
   generalized green experiment.  To make full use of resources, deal with
   pollutants rationally, and improve green experimental effect, based on the
   universal requirements of green experimental teaching, for protecting the
   ecological environment of experimental teaching, research on the influencing
   factors and driving performance of green experiments in group collaboration
   is proposed.  Firstly, through questionnaire survey, the influencing factors
   of group green cooperation experiment are analyzed.  Secondly, its model is
   further established based on system dynamics.  Finally, simulation on the
   model should be carried out by Vensim PLE software for the green experiment
   teaching.  The findings suggest that, group is a better way to carry out
   green experiment effectively in colleges and universities.  It should be
   emphasized that the key to popularize green experiment teaching in colleges
   and universities is to master the group green cooperation features and the
   green management ability of laboratory managers.  In other words, the
   performance of group green collaborative experiments is mainly driven by the
   features of group green collaboration and the green teaching management
   capabilities of laboratory managers.  Specially, we should be careful of the
   consistency between the collaboration characteristics of the experimental
   group and the green management ability, otherwise it is easy to conflict in
   the concept, specific operation and other aspects, resulting in inefficient
   green experiments.  At the same time, the group’s green cooperation features
   are limited by its cooperation conditions and are subject to it.  Moreover,
   we also need to identify that laboratory managers’ experimental organization
   capabilities are not equal to their green experimental management
   capabilities, too rigid experimental management is not conducive to play the
   performance driving role of green experimental management.  The paper aims
   to provide some theoretical references for developing China’s higher green
   experimental teaching performance through green experimental management
   mechanisms.  © 2022 River Publishers.
DE green cooperation experiment ( gce ); green teaching; simulation; system
   dynamics ( sd )
ID computer software; environmental protection; managers; pollution; surveys;
   sustainable development; colleges and universities; experiment teachings;
   experimental teachings; green cooperation experiment; green managements;
   green teaching; management ability; performance; simulation; system dynamic;
   automobile drivers

---

UT 365
AR Andrade-Arenas L, 2024, BULL ELECTR ENG INF, V13, P3446, DOI
   10.11591/eei.v13i5.7562
TI System dynamics modeling for predicting the impact of tutoring on student
   retention in the school of engineering
AU Andrade-Arenas L; Retuerto MG; Yactayo-Arias C
TC 1
SO BULL ELECTR ENG INF
PY 2024
AB Student retention is a persistent problem in many educational institutions,
   and we seek to address this issue through the implementation of tutoring
   programs.  To achieve this objective, system dynamics (SD) modeling is
   proposed as a method.  This analytical tool allows simulating and predicting
   the behavior of a complex system over time, considering the interactions
   between its components.  The main objective of this research is to perform
   SD modeling to improve student retention through tutoring.  It seeks to
   design more effective and personalized tutoring programs, adapted to the
   specific needs and challenges of the institution's students.  The results
   obtained show that, in the period between 2022 and 2026, research degrees
   will be encouraged, reaching 50% participation.  This increase is considered
   a positive indicator that encourages universities to become research
   protagonists.  In conclusion, SD modeling makes it possible to forecast and
   strategically plan the expected results in terms of student retention.  This
   method provides tools to more effectively address the problem of retention,
   ensuring the academic success of students and promoting the participation of
   universities in research.  © 2024, Institute of Advanced Engineering and
   Science.  All rights reserved.
DE modeling; student desertion; system dynamics; systemic approach; vensim

---

UT 366
AR Raghuram P, 2021, INT J IND SYST ENG, V38, P432, DOI
   10.1504/IJISE.2021.116928
TI Modelling and assessment of the impact of supply disruption and cost of
   recovery using system dynamics approach
AU Raghuram P; Harisankar G
TC 8
SO INT J IND SYST ENG
PY 2021
AB Shorter product life cycles and customisation have exposed the hidden
   problems in the supply chain.  Supply disruptions, caused due any sudden
   event, is one of the major concerns of the manufacturing industry.  This
   paper focuses on the impact of non-availability of parts from a supplier due
   to unpredictable events and the cost of recovery from such disruption.
   System dynamics approach is used to model the interactions between the
   variables required to maintain the availability of parts.  In this model,
   time to restore operations, time to find alternate suppliers, inventory
   consumption till restoration, safety stock availability and backlogs are
   considered.  This model was then used to assess disruption impact on
   inventory, lead time and recovery costs using iThink software.  Assessment
   of supply disruption for all the procured parts will help the company to
   recognise and take proactive steps, such as identifying alternate suppliers,
   making engineering changes and modifying the manufacturing processes.
   Copyright 2021 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
DE assessment; inventory; modeling; supply disruptions; system dynamics
ID recovery; restoration; supply chains; system theory; systems engineering;
   engineering changes; hidden problems; manufacturing industries;
   manufacturing process; product life cycles; recovery costs; supply
   disruption; system dynamics approach; life cycle

---

UT 367
AR Jurjević M, 2026, APPL SCI, V16, DOI 10.3390/app16052538
TI Integrated Approach to Modelling the Reliability of Gears in Ship Propulsion
   Systems
AU Jurjević M; Hasanspahić N; Biočić T
TC 0
SO APPL SCI
PY 2026
AB The operational reliability of gears in ship propulsion systems is an
   important factor affecting safety, efficiency, and cost-effectiveness in
   ship operation.  Gear failures may result in loss of propulsion, increased
   maintenance costs, and risks to crew safety.  This paper presents an
   integrated methodological framework for assessing gear reliability in ship
   propulsion systems by integrating qualitative causal analysis, quantitative
   reliability growth modelling, and system dynamics simulation.  The analysis
   is based on empirical data collected from the AMOS computerised maintenance
   management system for ship propulsion gear over the course of 20,000
   operating hours.  The Ishikawa diagram is applied as a qualitative tool to
   structure potential failure causes related to human, technical, material,
   procedural, measurement, and environmental factors.  Using a system dynamics
   approach, a qualitative conceptual model of cause-and-effect relationships
   and a quantitative simulation model were developed, where the mathematical
   model of Goel–Okumoto reliability growth was applied to quantitatively
   describe the process of detecting and eliminating failures, with an
   exponential decrease in failure intensity over time and a high level of
   agreement with empirical data (R2 = 0.9962), corresponding to the part of
   the bathtub curve related to the running-in of ship systems.  The system
   dynamics simulation implemented in the POWERSIM environment integrates the
   analytically estimated model parameters and provides a dynamic
   representation of the relationships between failure intensity, cumulative
   failures, reliability, and the mean time between failures.  The scientific
   contribution of this work lies in the structured integration of established
   methods into a single analytical framework, enabling coherent interpretation
   of empirical reliability data under real operating conditions.  The results
   provide a methodological basis for developing predictive maintenance tools,
   optimising maintenance strategies, and improving the safety of ship
   propulsion systems.  © 2026 by the authors.
DE goelokumoto model; maintenance; maritime propulsion systems; maritime
   safety; modeling; predictive maintenance; reliability
ID cost effectiveness; dynamics; failure ( mechanical ); gears; outages;
   predictive maintenance; reliability analysis; safety factor; shipbuilding;
   ships; system theory; empirical data; failure intensity; goelokumoto model;
   maritime propulsion system; maritime safety; modeling; predictive
   maintenance; propulsion system; ship propulsion system; system dynamics
   simulation; article; conceptual model; cost effectiveness analysis;
   dynamics; environmental factor; goel okumoto model; mathematical analysis;
   mathematical model; model; reliability; safety; ship; ship propulsion
   system; simulation; ship propulsion

---

UT 368
AR Wang T/4, 2024, TRANSP POLIC, V157, P155, DOI 10.1016/j.tranpol.2024.08.011
TI The effect of carbon quota allocation methods on maritime supply chain
   emission reduction
AU Wang T/4; Wu Z/2; Cheng P; Wang Y/1
TC 22
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2024
AB In September 2020, the European Parliament decided to include the CO2
   emitted on the all intra-European and 50% of extra-European voyages in the
   European Union Emission Trading System (EU-ETS) starting from 2022, in order
   to reduce the CO2 emission.  With the implementation of EU-ETS, the maritime
   supply chain will inevitably be significantly affected.  Different carbon
   quota allocations in ETS have different impact on the CO2 emission
   reduction, which motivates us to investigate the effect of different carbon
   quota allocations on maritime CO2 emission reduction.  Therefore, this paper
   considers two carbon quota allocations: the historical total quantity method
   and the historical intensity method, and develops a game model for each
   method.  Then, the equilibrium solutions of each game model are analyzed.
   With the help of the system dynamics and the software Vensim, numerical
   experiments are conducted to verify the properties obtained in the analysis
   of the equilibrium solutions.  The experimental results indicate that 1)
   Green technology (GT) can effectively reduce carbon emissions.  Based on
   long-term simulation results, the GT investments will be gradually offset by
   profiting from carbon quota trading.  2) Profits may vary with price, but
   the Historical Intensity method consistently achieves better carbon
   reduction effects or relatively higher profits.  3) The marginal profits of
   companies with similar historical intensity baselines are almost the same.
   This gives an advantage to companies who implement green technologies
   earlier, as they can quickly gain returns from GT. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
DE carbon emission trading; carbon quota allocation methods; game model;
   maritime supply chain; system dynamics
ID europe; carbon sequestration; allocation methods; carbon emission trading;
   carbon quota allocation method; co2 emission reduction; emission trading
   systems; european union; game models; green technology; maritime supply
   chain; system dynamics; emissions trading; equilibrium; experimental study;
   maritime transportation; numerical model; supply chain management; low
   emission

---

UT 369
AR Treves A, 2025, ECOL MODEL, V503, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolmodel.2025.111057
TI Modelling system dynamics as a socio-ecological perspective to support
   human-beaver interactions
AU Treves A; Zenezini G; Comino E
TC 2
SO ECOL MODEL
PY 2025
AB Beavers are semi-aquatic mammals that significantly impact on freshwater
   ecosystems, creating benefits and challenges, particularly in areas with
   close human interaction.  Managing human-beaver interactions is a
   multifaceted issue due to the many variables involved, but the complexity of
   these interactions can be analysed effectively using system dynamics models.
   These models are used in many contexts, including wildlife management, to
   simulate a variety of management policies and assess their effects.  The
   present study addressed gaps in the literature by developing a system
   dynamics model that examined both the benefits and conflicts that arise from
   human-beaver interactions.  The model, implemented using Vensim PLE
   software, synthesised qualitative and quantitative data to simulate four
   simulation scenarios: ecological, social, economic, and policy making.  The
   study examined the dynamics of beaver populations, ecosystem service
   provision, social perceptions, and management strategies in a case study of
   the Ivrea lakes area in the Piedmont region (Italy). Model predictions
   highlights that beaver populations stabilized logistically, influencing
   ecosystem services and residual capital, while social acceptance stongly
   reduced management costs and social pressure.  Optimal budget allocation and
   combined strategies emerged as key to sustainable management and conflict
   mitigation.  Overall, predictions suggest that an integrated approach that
   prioritises prevention and actively engages local communities can improve
   both ecological outcomes and social acceptance of beavers.  The model is a
   useful decision and discussion tool for assessing management strategies and
   facilitating stakeholder involvement.  Future studies should expand on these
   results by exploring additional beaver-related conflicts and benefits in
   diverse contexts.  © 2025 The Authors
DE beaver management; ecosystem services; human-wildlife interactions; socio-
   ecological approach; system dynamics model
ID italy; ivrea; piedmont [ italy ]; piedmont [ italy ]; torino [ piedmont ];
   budget control; invertebrates; livestock; system theory; beaver management;
   ecological approaches; ecosystem services; human-wildlife interaction;
   management strategies; modeling systems; social acceptance; socio-
   ecological; socio-ecological approach; system dynamics modeling; ecosystem
   service; freshwater ecosystem; integrated approach; nature-society
   relations; simulation; stakeholder; abiotic

---

UT 370
AR Chaerunnisa NF, 2025, ECOL ENG ENV TECH, V26, P232, DOI
   10.12912/27197050/209598
TI A dynamic system model for sustainable waste management in Bantaeng regency
AU Chaerunnisa NF; Samawi MF; Tumpu M
TC 1
SO ECOL ENG ENV TECH
PY 2025
AB Waste is a critical issue in urban areas, including Bantaeng Regency, which,
   despite its reputation as a clean city, continues to face major challenges
   in its waste management system.  Limitations in infrastructure, insufficient
   landfill (TPA) capacity, and suboptimal waste handling methods have led to
   35.62% of waste remaining unmanaged in 2024. This study aims to develop a
   dynamic system model to evaluate the performance of the existing waste
   management system and simulate alternative policy scenarios to achieve
   sustainable waste governance.  A quantitative-descriptive approach was
   employed using the Vensim software.  Data were obtained through field
   observations, stakeholder interviews, and secondary sources from relevant
   agencies.  The model includes variables such as population, waste
   generation, transport and processing capacities, and vehicle trip frequency.
   Model validation was conducted through mean comparison and error variance
   tests.  Four scenarios were simulated: existing, moderate, optimistic, and
   Regional Waste Management Strategy.  The results show that under the
   existing scenario, only about 35% of waste is properly managed, and if no
   intervention is implemented, unmanaged waste is projected to increase to 38%
   or approximately 12,000 tons per year.  The moderate and optimistic
   scenarios improved performance, reaching 52% and 60% waste handling,
   respectively.  The Jakstrada Regional Waste Management Strategy scenario
   yielded the most optimal results, with 71% of waste handled and 29.8%
   reduced, achieving the national target of 100% waste management.  This study
   confirms the effectiveness of dynamic system modeling in evaluating data-
   driven policy decisions.  The Jakstrada scenario is recommended as the most
   realistic and contextappropriate strategy to support sustainable waste
   management goals in Bantaeng regency.  © 2025, Polskie Towarzystwo
   Inzynierii Ekologicznej (PTIE). All rights reserved.
DE bantaeng regency; sustainable waste management; system dynamics

---

UT 371
AR Qin H, 2024, INT CONF ENERGY POWER ELECTR TECHNOL ICEPET, P1290, DOI
   10.1109/ICEPET61938.2024.10627200
TI Power installed capacity prediction considering green certificate trading
   and carbon trading
AU Qin H; Wang K/1; Li J; Zhang Z/2; Yang L/1; Li J/2; Liu J/4; Wang Y/13
TC 1
SO INT CONF ENERGY POWER ELECTR TECHNOL ICEPET
PY 2024
AB Under the background of "dual-carbon"target, the tradings of green
   certificate and carbon cooperate with electricity trading to help the energy
   system achieve clean and low-carbon transformation through market-oriented
   role, from the perspectives of controlling carbon emissions and promoting
   renewable energy consumption, respectively.  In this paper, the interaction
   mechanism is also described through the three markets coupling trading block
   diagram.  Then, a synergistic trading clearing model for the three markets
   with the target of maximized system total revenue is constructed.  And model
   prediction technology is used to predict the output curves of renewable
   energy and calculate their effective working hours.  Finally, the trend of
   power supply structure adjustment under the joint effect of green
   certificate trading and carbon trading is simulated based on the system
   dynamics model built on the Vensim platform.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE carbon trading; electricity trading; green certificate trading; model
   prediction technology; power supply structure; system dynamics
ID carbon sequestration; prediction models; carbon trading; electricity
   trading; green certificate trading; green certificates; model prediction;
   model prediction technology; power supply; power supply structure;
   prediction technologies; system dynamics; carbon capture and utilization

---

UT 372
AR Zhang H/3, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14127107
TI Dynamic Simulation Research on the Effect of Governance Mechanism on Value
   Co-Creation of Blockchain Industry Ecosystem
AU Zhang H/3; Xiong H; Xu J/1
TC 7
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB The development of blockchain technology promotes the evolution of the
   industrial ecosystem, and the value co-creation in the ecosystem has become
   an important factor for the sustainable and coordinated development of the
   blockchain industry ecosystem.  By answering the question of how governance
   mechanisms affect the value co-creation of the blockchain industry
   ecosystem, this paper aims to clarify the realization mechanism of value co-
   creation of the blockchain industry ecosystem.  Based on the transaction
   cost theory and social exchange theory, the governance mechanisms of the
   blockchain industry ecosystem are divided into contract governance and trust
   governance.  The system dynamics method is used to analyze the causality of
   the effect of governance mechanisms on value co-creation of the blockchain
   industry ecosystem, the model of system flow chart is established, and
   Vensim PLE software is used to perform simulation and sensitivity analyses
   of the model.  The results show that: both contract governance and trust
   governance can positively affect the value co-creation of the blockchain
   industry ecosystem; due to the existence of bounded rationality, compared
   with contract governance, trust governance has a more significant impact on
   system resource innovation and value co-creation; there is a co-existence
   effect among contract governance and trust governance, and compared with the
   single effect, the co-existence effect of two can promote the value co-
   creation process of the blockchain industry ecosystem more actively.  The
   research results reveal the internal laws of the value co-creation and
   provide valuable insights into the exploitation of governance mechanisms to
   facilitate effectively the value creation of the blockchain industry
   ecosystem.  © 2022 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE blockchain; governance mechanism; industry ecosystem; system dynamics; value
   co-creation
ID exploitation; governance approach; innovation; simulation; software;
   transaction cost

---

UT 373
AR Abdikarimova D, 2026, ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV, V92, DOI 10.1016/j.esd.2026.101966
TI Understanding the dynamics of household solar PV adoption in Uzbekistan
AU Abdikarimova D; Ibragimov A; Sidique SF/1; Arifuzzaman M; Brindal M
TC 0
SO ENERGY SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2026
AB Uzbekistan is embarking on a transition in renewable energy to meet its 2030
   goals of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 35% and increasing the share
   of renewables in electricity generation to more than 50%. Although there is
   considerable potential for solar energy, the uptake of solar photovoltaic
   (PV) systems in residential settings is hindered by financial, regulatory,
   and behavioral challenges.  This study employs a system dynamics approach to
   assess the impact of various policy interventions—specifically feed-in
   tariffs, tax exemptions, installation rebates, subsidized loans, and green
   certificates—on the adoption of residential photovoltaic systems in
   Uzbekistan.  The analysis utilizes a causal loop diagram alongside a stock
   and flow model developed in Vensim to simulate different scenarios,
   assessing the effects of these interventions on the enhancement of
   photovoltaic capacity, revenue generation, and the reduction of carbon
   dioxide emissions.  The results demonstrate that subsidized loans represent
   the most efficient policy tool, promoting sustainable growth in photovoltaic
   adoption and achieving significant emissions reduction outcomes.  The
   findings provide crucial information for decision-makers in Uzbekistan and
   similar developing nations.  They emphasize the importance of direct
   financial assistance strategies to overcome investment challenges and
   accelerate the shift towards renewable energy.  This study highlights the
   importance of system dynamics modeling as a key tool for developing
   effective and sustainable energy strategies.  © 2026 International Energy
   Initiative
DE energy transition; financial incentives; household adoption; renewable
   energy policy; uzbekistan
ID uzbekistan; dynamics; economics; energy conservation; energy policy;
   greenhouse gasses; investments; photovoltaic effects; photovoltaics; solar
   energy; solar power generation; sustainable development; system theory;
   taxation; energy transitions; financial incentives; greenhouse gas
   emissions; household adoption; photovoltaics; renewable energies; renewable
   energy policy; renewables; solar photovoltaics; uzbekistan; alternative
   energy; carbon emission; energy policy; household energy; incentive;
   photovoltaic system; solar power; carbon dioxide; housing

---

UT 374
AR Lu Q, 2025, J SAF ENV, V25, P3339, DOI 10.13637/j.issn.1009-6094.2025.0391
TI Research on the green and low-carbon transformation path for flat glass
   enterprises using DEMATEL SD methodology; [基于 DEMATEL SD 的平板玻璃企业绿色低碳转型路径研究]
AU Lu Q; Dong M
TC 0
SO J SAF ENV
PY 2025
AB This study integrates the Decision Making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory
   (DEMATEL) method with a system dynamics model to systematically investigate
   the green and low-carbon transformation path for flat glass enterprises.
   First, we define the concept of green and low-carbon transformation specific
   to these enterprises and identify 22 key influencing factors across five
   core dimensions: technology, energy, resources, economy, and management.
   Utilizing the DEMATEL method, we clarify the causal relationships among
   these factors and pinpoint the core driving elements necessary for
   transformation.  Building on this foundation, a system dynamics model was
   constructed using Vensim PLE software, calibrated, and verified with data
   from China’s flat glass enterprises spanning 2015 to 2022. Five
   transformation paths were designed to enhance production technology,
   optimize the energy structure, achieve optimal resource allocation, elevate
   green value, and facilitate management adjustment and upgrading.
   Additionally, seven scenarios were established to conduct simulation
   analyses.  The results indicate that each transformation path positively
   impacts the overall transition, with the comprehensive adjustment path
   yielding the most significant effect.  By 2030, this path is projected to
   increase the green low-carbon transformation index by 55. 15% . The energy
   structure optimization path demonstrates a notable short-term impact on
   emission reduction, achieving a carbon emission intensity reduction of 10.
   66% in the first year.  Meanwhile, the production technology improvement
   path exhibits a long-term cumulative effect, contributing as much as 49. 43%
   to the overall transformation in its later stages.  The other paths also
   demonstrate positive outcomes.  The other paths also demonstrate positive
   results, with key indicators showing significant improvements.  Notably,
   energy consumption per unit of product decreased by 25. 36%, while sulfur
   dioxide emissions per unit of product dropped by 30. 14% . Additionally, the
   green economy benefits increased by 41. 98% . These findings further
   validate the scientific and effective design of the transformation paths.
   This study offers a theoretical foundation and practical reference for flat
   glass enterprises to develop scientific and feasible green and low-carbon
   transformation strategies.  It recommends that these enterprises strengthen
   technological innovation, implement phased adjustments to the energy
   structure, enhance resource allocation efficiency, improve green management
   mechanisms, and bolster the operational capacity of carbon assets.  By doing
   so, they can effectively advance both green transformation and high-quality
   development in a synergistic manner.  © 2025 Science China Press.  All
   rights reserved.
DE decision making trial; environmental engineering; evaluation laboratory;
   flat glass enterprise; green and low carbon transformation; system dynamics

---

UT 375
AR Gao N, 2022, MATH PROBL ENG, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/3778597
TI A System Dynamic Model of Closed-Loop Supply Chain considering Recovery
   Strengthening and Product Differentiation
AU Gao N; Qu L-C; Jiang Y-T
TC 2
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2022
AB Considering the strengthening effect of recovery on demand and the product
   differentiation, a multifactor closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) system
   dynamics (SDs) model is established and is simulated using the Vensim
   software.  Based on the simulation data, influences of factors of "policy
   effect,""recovery delay time,""recovery strengthening,"and "recovery channel
   competitions"on the CLSC are analyzed.  The results demonstrate that the
   order amplification and inventory amplification are all better than those of
   the traditional supply chain.  Demands for remanufactured products and new
   products both reach the stable states in the later period.  In addition, the
   variance analysis indicates that all the factors have a significant effect
   on the order and inventory amplifications in CLSC. Finally, some managerial
   implications are put forward.  © 2022 Niu Gao et al.
ID recovery; closed-loop; multifactor; on demands; policy effects; product
   differentiation; recovery delay; simulation data; strengthening effect;
   system dynamics modeling; vensim softwares; supply chains

---

UT 376
AR Hasan MS, 2025, INT J KNOWL PROCESS STUD, V5, P171, DOI
   10.22034/kps.2024.481766.1205
TI Extracting Knowledge from Human Behavior to Present the Valuating Model: A
   Case Study of Difficult Employees
AU Hasan MS; Dalvi MR; Jasim FA; Peykani MH
TC 0
SO INT J KNOWL PROCESS STUD
PY 2025
AB Extracting knowledge from human behavior to develop a model of value systems
   involves analyzing and identifying patterns and complex relationships among
   variables related to human behavior in social or organizational contexts.
   This process investigates the interactions between factors that influence
   both individual and group behavior, employing analytical and modeling
   techniques, including system dynamics.  The purpose of this research is to
   extract knowledge from human behavior to present the valuating model,
   specifically through a case study of difficult employees at Maysan
   University.  In this context, it is crucial to collect both qualitative and
   quantitative data on human behavior, analyze feedback, and identify
   underlying trends.  The results of these analyses can help create predictive
   models and offer solutions to enhance the performance of organizations and
   social systems, ultimately generating sustainable value.  This research was
   conducted using a qualitative-inductive approach, employing the Stirling and
   Darling method (NVIVO), alongside a quantitative approach utilizing system
   dynamics (VENSIM). The primary data collection tool was a semi-structured
   interview.  Applying the grounded theory method, the data obtained from
   interviews with 16 experts in the field of education and
   training—specifically, administrators and educational experts from Maysan
   University—were coded in three stages.  The general category encompasses
   negative organizational behaviors, including negative management practices,
   anxiety factors, organizational injuries, a detrimental organizational
   culture, poor communication, inappropriate organizational changes,
   ineffective leadership, incorrect policies and procedures, and an unsuitable
   work environment.  © authors.
DE difficult employees; human behavior; knowledge; knowledge extraction;
   sterling darling; system dynamics

---

UT 377
AR Amega K, 2022, ENERGY EFFIC, V15, DOI 10.1007/s12053-022-10044-x
TI Energy efficiency impact on urban residential’s electricity consumption and
   carbon dioxide reduction: a case study of Lomé, Togo
AU Amega K; Lare Y; Moumouni Y
TC 3
SO ENERGY EFFIC
PY 2022
AB Urban areas’ energy consumption accounts for almost three fourths the global
   energy use with 70% of the related emissions.  Therefore, cities play a
   meaningful role in decoupling economic growth from greenhouse gases (GHGs)
   emissions.  This study presents a system dynamic approach to model the
   energy efficiency impact on the Togolese capital city’s residential
   electricity consumption and carbon dioxide emissions reduction.  The time
   spans from 2000 to 2050. An assessment of household appliances, such as
   lighting, refrigeration, cooling, and ventilation, was conducted along with
   monitoring electricity consumption of used and newly bought televisions,
   refrigerators, and freezers.  Then, using Stella software, Lomé’s
   residential electricity consumption model was built based on the following
   variables: (1) population, (2) the number of existing households with access
   to electricity, (3) new homes having access to electricity, and (4) per
   capita electricity consumption.  The model was calibrated and validated
   using data for the years 2000 to 2016. Afterward, this previous knowledge
   was used to evaluate three efficient energy policies: 1) business-as-usual
   scenario, 2) new policies scenario, and 3) sensitivity scenario.  Lomé’s
   households present a predominantly low efficient appliances percentage.
   Therefore, the study found that substituting inefficient electric appliances
   with new and efficient models can lead Togo to substantial energy savings
   and reduce CO2 emissions of about 680 GWh and 350 kt in the horizon of 2050,
   respectively.  Additionally, the findings of this study could stimulate
   policymakers to audit other sectors to implement related energy efficiency
   policies and/or set up corresponding energy management strategies in
   neighboring emerging countries.  © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive
   licence to Springer Nature B.V.
DE carbon dioxide; electricity-consumption; energy efficiency; residential
   sector; system dynamics
ID lome; togo; domestic appliances; economics; electric power utilization;
   emission control; energy efficiency; energy policy; global warming;
   greenhouse gasses; housing; refrigerators; carbon dioxide reduction; case-
   studies; electricity-consumption; energy use; energy consumption; global
   energy; residential electricity-consumption; residential sectors; system
   dynamics; urban areas; carbon dioxide; carbon emission; emission control;
   energy efficiency; energy management; energy policy; energy use; residential
   energy; urban area; carbon dioxide

---

UT 378
AR Matlakala ME, 2021, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, P1589
TI Systems dynamics modelling of the water supply problem in the Limpopo
   province of South Africa
AU Matlakala ME; Von Kallon DV
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2021
AB Most of poor rural communities based in the North-Eastern parts of South
   Africa such as in the Limpopo province face shortage of water with mostly no
   access to clean portable water.  The water shortage is caused by the lack of
   proper management of the existing water systems, such that water is lost in
   the system through leaking and burst pipes.  The water scarcity has become
   the top agenda priority for the local governments in the province especially
   considering the drought level due to lack of rain.  The issue of water
   scarcity affects households as well as the industrial and agricultural
   sectors serving these rural communities.  Most of the areas have
   contaminated water because of lack of proper purification plants and pumping
   systems.  The purpose of this study is to model the water supply chain to
   determine the nature and causes of poor delivery in the system.  System
   dynamic model is developed using the Vensim software.  The system is
   simulated to determine opportunities for improvement.  The systems dynamics
   modelling is discussed herein.  © IEOM Society International.
DE communities; efficiency; pipes; pumping system; simulation; system dynamics;
   water

---

UT 379
AR Karthick K, 2023, BR FOOD J, V125, P626, DOI 10.1108/BFJ-06-2021-0702
TI Maximising profit by waste reduction in postharvest Supply Chain of tomato
AU Karthick K; Boris Ajit A; Subramanaian V; Anbuudayasankar SP; Narassima MS;
   Hariharan D
TC 11
SO BR FOOD J
PY 2023
AB Purpose: The paper aims to analyse the postharvest Supply Chain (SC) of
   tomatoes to maximise profit by restructuring the modes of operation.
   Design/methodology/approach: System Dynamics-based simulation of four
   scenarios depicting different operational modes of postharvest food SC was
   employed.  Real-time of Tamil Nadu state, India was used to enact the
   scenarios using Vensim.  Findings: Results indicated that cold storage
   improved the profit of wholesalers by prolonging the shelf-life of
   commodities.  Retailers and farmers gained more profit in the absence of
   wholesalers.  Though the absence of middlemen reduces the transit time and
   prevents deterioration, the role of wholesalers, i.e.  transporting the
   commodities to farther customers’ needs to be shouldered by other agents
   effectively to minimise losses.  Research limitations/implications: The
   accuracy of the results depend on the exactness of the data collected.  The
   simulation findings, on the other hand, could be helpful in decision-making
   as these models portray the actual operational modes of postharvest SC. The
   suitability of each network structure depends on the capabilities of the
   agents, market scenario and demography.  Implications based on discussions
   with stakeholders and in terms of establishing dedicated societies
   (cooperatives) have been provided.  Originality/value: Postharvest losses
   incurred for horticultural crops like tomatoes are significantly high.  It
   is of much importance to India as agriculture contributes to 17% of the
   Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and India is the second-largest producer of
   tomatoes globally.  The study would shed light on restructuring the network
   appropriately.  © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE postharvest supply chain; stock and flow model; system dynamics; tomato
ID agricultural worker; agriculture; article; crop; cryopreservation; decision
   making; demography; deterioration; gross national product; human; nonhuman;
   organization; postharvest period; profit; shelf life; simulation; tamil
   nadu; tomato

---

UT 380
AR Fu Y, 2021, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V33, P973, DOI
   10.16182/j.issn1004731x.joss.19-0648
TI Modeling and Simulation of Electric Vehicle Industry Development Based on
   System Dynamics; [基于系统动力学的电动汽车产业发展建模与仿真]
AU Fu Y; Xia T
TC 13
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2021
AB New energy electric vehicle are the main trend of automobile industry
   upgrading.  It plays an important role in ensuring the energy security and
   improving the ecological environment.  It is of theoretical and practical
   significance to carry out research on the development of new energy electric
   vehicles.  The affecting factors are systematically analyzed, the causal
   relationship model and stock flow model are established, and the dynamic
   equation of the model are determined and the parameter assignments are made.
   The model is verified and the system simulation and analysis are performed.
   The development trend and main influencing factors of new energy electric
   vehicles are explored.  The countermeasures for the development of electric
   vehicle industry are put forward from the aspects of government subsidies,
   key technological breakthroughs, charging and replacement infrastructure
   construction, and consumer market cultivation.  © 2021, The Editorial Board
   of Journal of System Simulation.  All right reserved.
DE electric vehicle; system dynamics; system simulation; vensim

---

UT 381
AR Wang H/9, 2025, ENV SCI ENG, VPart F97, P93, DOI 10.1007/978-3-031-47757-7_7
TI Environmental Benefits Evaluation of Construction CO2 Emission Reduction
   Management Using System Dynamics Approach
AU Wang H/9; Wei S; Chen X/5; Wang Z/7; Xu Q
TC 0
SO ENV SCI ENG
PY 2025
AB With the rapid development of urbanization, a huge amount of greenhouse-gas
   has been generated from increasing higher amounts of construction
   activities, which has significant negative impacts on the environment if
   they are not properly managed.  Therefore, more and more scholars start to
   research the CO2 emissions reduction of construction industry.  However, it
   has been determined that existing studies with respect to CO2 emissions
   reduction are mainly carried out from a static perspective, without
   considering the dynamic and interdependent nature of the whole CO2 emissions
   reduction system.  Therefore, based on literature review and interview
   survey, Vensim software was used to establish a system dynamic model of
   construction CO2 emissions reduction management at the construction stage
   and simulate the environmental benefits of construction CO2 emissions
   reduction management.  The application of the proposed model is shown by
   using a case.  The simulation results indicate that the CO2 emissions
   reduction management can reduce 10.84% of CO2 emissions.  In the meantime,
   the CO2 emissions reduction management achieves good environmental benefits
   including saving energy consumption of 59,718.5 kgce, saving waste landfill
   of 8434.28 m3 and the reduction of global warming potential of 3620.51
   tCO2-e.  Scenario analysis reveals that using low-carbon materials has the
   optimal reduction effect in single measure, which can reduce 16.50% of
   CO2emissions.  Compared with a single measure, the maximum emissions
   reduction of multiple measures can reach 21.05%. Therefore, in order to
   realize best environmental benefits of construction CO2 emissions reduction
   management, multiple measures should be used simultaneously, such as using
   low-carbon materials, recycling and reusing materials and improving
   operation efficiency of construction equipment.  This study can help
   construction professionals determine the optimal emissions reduction
   strategy and provide references for project managers in assessing the
   reduction outcomes of construction projects and the environmental benefits.
   © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG
   2025.
DE co2 emissions reduction management; environmental benefits; system dynamic
ID carbon capture and utilization; carbon sequestration; direct air capture;
   greenhouse gas emissions; kyoto protocol; project management; zero-carbon; %
   reductions; carbon material; co 2 emission; co2 emission reduction
   management; emission reduction; environmental benefits; greenhouses gas; low
   carbon; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; low emission

---

UT 382
AR Han C, 2021, PROC IEEE INT CONF TECHNOL BIG DATA ARTIF INTELL ICIBA, P70,
   DOI 10.1109/ICIBA52610.2021.9688152
TI Operational Effectiveness Evaluation of Reconnaissance Satellite System
   based on System Dynamics Model
AU Han C; Xiong W; Liu W/1; Yu X/1; Jian P
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF TECHNOL BIG DATA ARTIF INTELL ICIBA
PY 2021
AB In order to study changes in the effectiveness of reconnaissance satellite
   system (RSS) in supporting maritime operations, based on the key factors of
   dynamic confrontation system of the offensive and defensive parties, the
   feedback relationships between variables are analyzed.  According to the
   feedback relationship, a system dynamics (SD) model based on Lanchester
   equation was established and simulated on the VENSIM platform to compare and
   analyze operational effectiveness of different RSS allocation schemes.
   Simulation analysis shows that RSS can increase the rate of detection and
   acquisition of information and accelerate the loss of the enemy.  At the
   same time, when the sensor parameters are similar, increasing the number of
   weapons can significantly reduce the loss, which provides a certain
   theoretical support for decision-making analysis in combat.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE emergence; evaluation; operational effectiveness; reconnaissance satellite
   system; system dynamics
ID communication satellites; decision making; feedback; emergence; evaluation;
   key factors; maritime operation; operational effectiveness; operational
   effectiveness evaluations; reconnaissance satellite system; reconnaissance
   satellites; satellite system; system dynamics modeling; system theory

---

UT 383
AR Sokame BM, 2025, INT J TROP INSECT SCI, DOI 10.1007/s42690-025-01666-6
TI System dynamics modelling of temperature effects on stemborer phenology in
   Kenyan maize ecosystems
AU Sokame BM; Tonnang HEZ; Abdel-Rahman E; Villena OC
TC 1
SO INT J TROP INSECT SCI
PY 2025
AB This research investigates how temperature impacts insect pest phenology and
   population dynamics, focusing on maize stemborers, Busseola fusca and Chilo
   partellus, across Kenya’s agroecological zones.  Utilizing system thinking
   archetypes and system dynamics modelling with Vensim PLP 9.0 software, it
   explores the interactions between insect life stages, temperature, and host
   plant availability.  The study revealed that B. fusca is more suited to
   highland regions while C. partellus prefers lowland areas.  Notably, the
   larval stage, responsible for significant crop damage, constituted 32 to 42%
   of the population within the agroecosystem, underscoring its pivotal role in
   pest population dynamics.  The model captures the cyclical nature of these
   populations, emphasizing the importance of region-specific pest management
   strategies to address the varying dynamics in different zones.  The findings
   advocate for the development of tailored pest management approaches that may
   also serve as early warning systems, enabling proactive pest control.  This
   approach could help minimize the reliance on chemical pesticides, promoting
   sustainable agricultural practices and enhancing food security.  The
   research highlights the necessity of understanding regional pest behaviours
   and offers comprehensive strategies for managing pests in the context of
   climate change, thus contributing to sustainable agricultural development
   and ecological preservation.  © African Association of Insect Scientists
   2025.
DE holometabolous insect; maize stemborers; phenology; population dynamics;
   system dynamics modeling; system thinking

---

UT 384
AR Guo R-F, 2022, PROC - INT CONF BIG DATA ARTIF INTELL RISK MANAG ICBAR, P135,
   DOI 10.1109/ICBAR58199.2022.00033
TI Research on the spread of infectious diseases based on computer simulation
AU Guo R-F
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF BIG DATA ARTIF INTELL RISK MANAG ICBAR
PY 2022
AB The virus has a big impact on the whole world.  The new Coronavirus has a
   great impact on everyone's life and will even lead to changes in the world
   pattern.  Because of the virus, society is not functioning properly, the
   recession, people's expectations of economic development are falling.
   Trains and planes were suspended in some areas.  In this paper, computer is
   used to simulate SIR model, based on system dynamics, to study the spread of
   infectious diseases.  The SIR model passes reality and limit tests.  On the
   basis of the original model, supplementing the original model, isolation and
   vaccination can effectively stop the spread of the virus.  It can slow the
   outbreak of the virus and reduce the number of infected people.  Panic comes
   from the unknown, and our confidence in defeating the 2019-nCoV virus comes
   from our scientific base.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE sir model; system dynamics; vensim
ID system theory; viruses; coronaviruses; economic development; infectious
   disease; model-based opc; original model; scientific basis; sir model;
   system dynamics; vensim; diseases

---

UT 385
AR Hou J, 2021, PROC - INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS ENG ECIE, P345, DOI
   10.1109/ECIE52353.2021.00077
TI Research on Operational Effectiveness Evaluation of Network Information
   System Based on System Dynamics
AU Hou J; Wang L/3; Lin Z; Gao M
TC 2
SO PROC - INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS ENG ECIE
PY 2021
AB The operational effectiveness generation of network information system is
   characterized by nonlinear, variable weight and multiple feedback, and the
   internal structure feedback relationship and operating mechanism are also
   extremely repetitive.  Based on the theory of system dynamics, a dynamic
   model of operational effectiveness evaluation system of network information
   system with feedback loop as the core element is constructed.  Taking joint
   border counterattack operations as an example, Vensim simulation platform
   was used to simulate and analyse its combat effectiveness, system
   contribution rate and system sensitivity.  The simulation results showed
   that system dynamics theory had a significant effect on exploring the
   internal operation mechanism of network information system.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE effectiveness evaluation; network information system; system dynamics
ID information use; system theory; combat effectiveness; internal operations;
   internal structure; network information systems; operating mechanism;
   operational effectiveness; operational effectiveness evaluations; system
   sensitivity; information systems

---

UT 386
AR Mofarrahi M, 2023, EUR J INT MANAG, V20, P167, DOI 10.1504/ejim.2023.131364
TI System dynamics simulation model for inventory optimisation of
   manufacturers: a case study in electrical industry
AU Mofarrahi M; Galankashi MR; Helmi SA; Rafiei FM
TC 0
SO EUR J INT MANAG
PY 2023
AB System Dynamics (SD) is an approach to understand the behaviour of complex
   systems over the time.  Although SD has been applied in different areas, its
   integration with fuzzy inventory optimisation is less investigated.  In
   addition, customers’ demand fluctuation is a significant factor in inventory
   optimisation which is not studied in previous literature.  Therefore, this
   study applies SD to consider customers’ demand fluctuation and improve the
   inventory level of companies.  Particularly, a SD model is constructed in
   iThink software to represent the inventory level of the companies.
   Following, the Stock and Flow Diagrams (SFDs) are applied to represent the
   structure of the system.  Next, three variables of demand variation, demand
   average and the highest demand are modelled in Matlab Simulink fuzzy
   controller to optimise the inventory.  According to the obtained results,
   the inventory level of the considered case study is optimised by applying
   the developed model.  Finally, obtained results are compared with the
   current inventory level of the company and some managerial implications are
   suggested.  Copyright © 2023 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
DE inventory optimization; ithink software; matlab simulink; system dynamics

---

UT 387
AR Chai Y, 2024, LECT NOTES OPER RES, VPart F4842, P1803, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-97-1949-5_126
TI Smart Cities, Resilient Cities and Sustainable Cities, a New Triangular
   Stable City Model Built
AU Chai Y; Gunawan I/1; Zuo J; Nguyen N
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES OPER RES
PY 2024
AB Smart cities, resilient cities and sustainable cities are three city models
   that are currently the focus of academia and society.  Smart cities focus on
   technology and science, resilient cities emphasize resilience, and
   sustainable cities represent the future of a city.  There is a relatively
   large amount of urban research on the three domains.  Still, there is a gap
   in the academic community regarding the common influence of the three urban
   attributes on the city and the relationship between the three urban
   attributes.  While multiple attributes and functions exist in a city, this
   study uses NVivo software for qualitative analysis and Vensim, a system
   dynamics software, for causal loop diagram (CLD) demonstration to reorganize
   these three urban models.  Thus, this study fills a gap in the current field
   by integrating these three city models and creating a new triangular stable
   city model through CLD. Overall, the results of this study propose a new
   triangular stable city model and use systems thinking to provide insights
   for urban planning and construction.  © The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.  2024.
DE complex systems; disaster; resilience cities; smart cities; sustainable
   cities

---

UT 388
AR Yamazaki F, 2021, WORLD CONF EARTHQ ENG PROC, V2021
TI SIMULATION OF RECOVERY PROCESS OF LIFELINE SYSTEMS AFTER THE 2016 KUMAMOTO
   EARTHQUAKE USING SYSTEM DYNAMICS
AU Yamazaki F; Nagata S; Suzuki S
TC 1
SO WORLD CONF EARTHQ ENG PROC
PY 2021
AB System Dynamics (SD) is a numerical tool to model and simulate the behavior
   of complicated interrelated systems.  It has been used for analysis and
   decision support of various social, economic, and environmental problems.
   In this study, the restoration process of lifeline systems after the 2016
   Kumamoto, Japan, earthquake was modeled by System Dynamics using Stella
   Architect software.  A series of earthquakes hit Kumamoto Prefecture in
   Kyushu Island, Japan, on April 14 (Mw 6.2) and April 16 (Mw 7.0), 2016.
   Strong seismic motions over 1G were recorded at some stations.  Scores of
   landslides were occurred in the mountainous areas and a large number of
   buildings were collapsed due to the strong seismic motion.  Lifeline
   systems, such as power supply, natural gas supply, water supply, and mobile
   telecommunications, were also affected severely because of physical damage
   to their structures and functional interruption due to power failure.  The
   restoration processes of individual lifeline systems were modeled by System
   Dynamics based on the technical reports, which describe the time series
   restoration process in Kumamoto Prefecture.  By assigning a proper recovery
   rate, the restoration process of each lifeline was modeled and simulated by
   System Dynamics.  The refugee sheltering system in Kumamoto Prefecture was
   also modeled by SD. The lifeline sub-models and sheltering sub-model were
   then integrated into a synthesized SD model to simulate the interrelated
   restoration processes in Kumamoto Prefecture in the earthquake aftermath.
   Based on the synthesized SD model, interrelated recovery processes, such as
   the restoration of mobile telecommunication system after power recovery and
   the home return of refugees after lifeline recovery, were modeled and
   simulated properly.  It is concluded that System Dynamics can be used
   efficiently to make resilience plans in disaster response and recovery
   activities.  © The 17th World Conference on Earthquake Engineering.
DE lifeline systems; restoration; simulation; system dynamics; the 2016
   kumamoto earthquake
ID vehicle to infrastructure; vehicle to vehicle communications; lifeline
   system; recovery process; restoration process; seismic motions; simulation;
   submodels; synthesized; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; the 2016
   kumamoto earthquake; mobile computing

---

UT 389
AR Chen X/2, 2025, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V32, P5099, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-07-2023-0738
TI Improving collaborative innovation performance in megaprojects: a system
   dynamic approach
AU Chen X/2; Zhu W; Chen Y; He Q/1
TC 7
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2025
AB Purpose – The development and evolution of stakeholder collaborative
   innovation in megaprojects is impacted by various influencing factors.  The
   effect of influencing factors on collaborative innovation performance (CIP)
   in megaprojects is not a simplistic linear relationship but an iterative and
   non-linear relationship that requires a dynamic perspective to analyze.
   Therefore, this paper adopts the system dynamic (SD) approach to investigate
   the dynamic and interactive relationships between the CIP and the
   influencing factors.  Design/methodology/approach – The study first develops
   a research framework with the system boundary of “CIP system –
   organizational collaboration subsystem – knowledge collaboration subsystem –
   strategic collaboration subsystem”. Then, the causal relationship model, the
   stock-flow model, and the mathematical equations were determined based on
   the literature review and the expert interviews.  Finally, five performance
   improvement scenarios were designed according to the practice context of CIP
   in megaprojects, and simulations were performed using the Vensim PLE
   software to investigate the CIP from a dynamic perspective.  Findings – The
   findings reveal that the effect of different influencing factors on CIP
   grows non-linearly, with the cumulative effect becoming more pronounced as
   time advances.  The incentive mechanism has the most significant effect, and
   the combined effect of multiple influencing factors has a highly significant
   facilitating effect on improving CIP. Strategic collaboration,
   organizational collaboration and knowledge collaboration are mutually
   conditional and reinforcing with each other, which ultimately promotes the
   improvement of CIP. Originality/value – This study uncovers the inherent
   pattern and the interactive dynamic mechanism of factors for improving CIP
   in the context of megaprojects.  It enriches the theoretical research in the
   area of collaborative innovation in megaprojects and provides practical
   management strategies for improving CIP. © 2024 Emerald Publishing Limited
DE collaborative innovation performance; influencing factors; megaproject;
   system dynamics
ID collaborative innovation; collaborative innovation performance; influencing
   factor; innovation performance; knowledge collaboration; mega projects;
   megaprojects; organizational collaboration; system dynamics; system dynamics
   approach; dynamics

---

UT 390
AR Zhang X/10, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13121084
TI Theoretical Analysis of Dynamic Effects of Supply Chain Concentration on
   Inventory Management Performance: A System Dynamics Approach
AU Zhang X/10; Liu M; Zheng X/1; Gao S
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB Amid global supply chain volatility, inventory management performance (IMP)
   is vital to manufacturing competitiveness.  Supply chain concentration
   (SCC), including supplier concentration (SC) and customer concentration
   (CC), has emerged as a key structural factor influencing IMP, yet its
   dynamic effects remain unclear.  This study develops an original system
   dynamics (SD) model to analyze how SC and CC affect IMP under linear and
   random demand patterns.  The model incorporates in-transit stock, work-in-
   process and inventory levels as key state variables, with SC and CC as
   exogenous inputs.  Using Vensim PLE 7.3.5, simulation and sensitivity
   analyses were conducted and validated with ten years of operational data
   from two Chinese listed manufacturing enterprises.  The results show that SC
   exerts an inverted U-shaped effect on IMP, with an optimal threshold near
   50%. CC displays a U-shaped impact under a linear demand but an unstable
   influence under a random demand and contributes less significantly than SC.
   The findings suggest that enterprises should adjust SC toward 50% and manage
   CC flexibly according to demand patterns, prioritizing SC optimization.
   These findings provide both theoretical insights and managerial implications
   for the dynamic regulation of supplier–customer relationships and
   optimization of supply chain structures.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE customer concentration ( cc ); customer service level; financial
   performance; quality of inventory control; supplier concentration ( sc );
   system dynamics model ( sd )
ID competition; dynamics; inventory control; quality control; sales; structural
   optimization; supply chain management; supply chains; system theory;
   customer concentration; customer service levels; dynamic effects; financial
   performance; inventory management; performance; quality of inventory
   control; supplier concentration; system dynamic model; system dynamics
   modeling; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 391
AR Pang S, 2022, COMPUT INTELL NEUROSCI, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/9776138
TI System Dynamics Models of Online Lending Platform Based on Vensim Simulation
   Technology and Analysis of Interest Rate Evolution Trend
AU Pang S; Deng C; Chen S
TC 7
SO COMPUT INTELL NEUROSCI
PY 2022
AB This paper mainly focuses on the construction of a system dynamics model of
   an online lending platform and the application of Vensim simulation
   technology in the analysis of the evolution trend of the investment interest
   rate.  The system dynamics flow graph models of the investment subsystem,
   loan subsystem, and interest rate subsystem of the online lending platform
   were innovatively constructed; the level variable, flow rate variable,
   auxiliary variable, and mathematical relations between these variables as
   they relate to the platform were innovatively studied.  Based on the key
   variables of the online lending platform, a system dynamics model of the
   online lending platform was innovatively constructed.  The parameters were
   assigned using data from China's online lending industry, and the logical
   consistency, sensitivity, and validity of the simulation data of the system
   dynamics model were tested.  Finally, we used Vensim simulation technology
   to simulate and analyze the impact of emergency scenarios on the interest
   rate evolution trend.  Overall, this paper provides a scientific simulation
   technology and data analysis method for examining online lending platforms.
   © 2022 Sulin Pang et al.
ID computer simulation; industry; investments; technology; finance; simulation
   platform; system theory; dynamic flows; evolution trend; flow graphs; graph
   model; interest rates; simulation analysis; simulation data; simulation
   technologies; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; computer
   simulation; industry; investment; technology; flow graphs

---

UT 392
AR Di Nardo M, 2022, APPL SYST INNOV, V5, DOI 10.3390/asi5030045
TI A New Hybrid Dynamic FMECA with Decision-Making Methodology: A Case Study in
   An Agri-Food Company
AU Di Nardo M; Murino T; Osteria G; Santillo LC
TC 28
SO APPL SYST INNOV
PY 2022
AB The Failure Mode and Effect Analysis (FMEA) is often used to improve a
   system’s reliability.  This paper proposes a new approach that aims to
   overcome the most critical defects of the traditional FMEA. This new
   methodology combines the Entropy and Best Worst Method (BWM) methodology
   with the EDAS and System Dynamics, FMECA: The EN-B-ED Dynamic FMECA. The
   main innovation point of the proposed work is the presence of an unknown
   factor (Cost) that allows to obtain an objective weighted factor, a risk
   index when a machine failure occurs.  The criticality analysis has been
   carried out using software (Vensim PLE x64) to simulate System Dynamics
   models to identify corrective actions and evaluate the possible
   implementation of these actions.  The methodology proposed is applied to a
   case study in a relevant Italian company in the agri-food sector.  © 2022 by
   the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE bwm; edas method; entropy method; fmea; fmeca; mcdm; system dynamics

---

UT 393
AR Adnanta AR, 2025, J OPTIMASI SIST IND, V24, P37, DOI
   10.25077/josi.v24.n1.p37-62.2025
TI Modeling Consumer Willingness to Consider Electric Motorcycles in Indonesia:
   A System Dynamics Approach
AU Adnanta AR; Raung RZ; Sutopo W; Susila I
TC 1
SO J OPTIMASI SIST IND
PY 2025
AB Sustainable transport plays a key role in the fight against climate change,
   particularly in developing countries where reliance on conventional vehicles
   is high.  Motorcycles account for the majority of the fleet of motor
   vehicles in Indonesia and contribute significantly to emissions.  In order
   to achieve its Paris target of a 29 percent reduction of carbon emissions,
   the Government is encouraging electric cars with various incentives.  This
   study develops a willingness to consider (WTC) model for electric
   motorcycles in Indonesia based on the powertrain technology transition
   market agent model (PTTMAM) and utilizes Vensim software to simulate
   outcomes.  The WTC model is built on the assumption that consumers'
   willingness to consider electric motorcycles is influenced by factors such
   as costs, marketing, and exposures.  The system dynamics model consists of
   four modules: the conventional motorcycle, the electric motorcycle, the
   marketing module, and the willingness to consider module.  The simulation
   results show an increasing trend in consumers’ willingness to consider
   electric motorcycles from 2017-2035, with the WTC value reaching 0.3209 in
   2035. While this indicates a positive shift toward greater consumer interest
   in electric motorcycles, the growth remains modest and slow, reflecting the
   challenges of widespread adoption.  Additionally, this study evaluates three
   government incentive and subsidy policy scenarios.  The scenario results
   indicate that government subsidies and incentives can increase the
   consumers’ willingness to consider electric motorcycles in Indonesia,
   thereby increasing their market share.  Among the scenarios, the purchase
   price subsidy is the most effective, as it directly reduces the f inancial
   barrier, encouraging more consumers to make the switch to electric
   motorcycles.  © 2025, Authors.  All rights reserved.
DE electric motorcycle; incentive policy; system dynamics; technology
   transition; willingness to consider

---

UT 394
AR Jamal FN, 2021, J ASIAN FINANC ECON BUS, V8, P427, DOI
   10.13106/jafeb.2021.vol8.no2.0427
TI Evaluating Information Credibility Toward Green Marketing in Indonesia
AU Jamal FN; Othman NA; Saleh RC; Nurhanay AH; Rohmah W
TC 6
SO J ASIAN FINANC ECON BUS
PY 2021
AB This study aims to identify variables, which have relationship to the
   information credibility toward brand trust.  Other than that, this study
   also proposes a system dynamics approach method, where the time to achieve
   different credible information can be modeled efficiently and by using
   variable-oriented simulation methods.  Data, which are used for testing, are
   derived from 400 questionnaires.  Data for SEM are collected by using
   questionnaire and are processed using AMOS software to identify the result
   whether it is proper to determine the proper variables and the indicators,
   which will be processed in the simulation using Powersim.  The result shows
   that, from six variables proposed, five are significant variables that
   support the information credibility.  The value of information credibility
   has fluctuated in 10 years.  The important aspect in business activity is a
   business strategy that incorporates marketing activities.  Many companies
   are adopting green marketing practice to achieve a better business
   performance, so that information credibility factor is needed.  Over the
   past few years, numerous industries in Indonesia have increased awareness
   toward green movement.  Some companies apply the whole process of creating
   green products, while others only do so partially, but this is a good
   approach to green business development in Indonesia nonetheless.  ©
   Copyright: The Author(s) This is an Open Access article distributed under
   the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License
   (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/) which permits unrestricted
   non-commercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided
   the original work is properly cited.
DE green marketing; information credibility; property industry; structural
   equation modeling; system dynamics

---

UT 395
AR Bin Asad S, 2026, CONSTR MANAG ECON, DOI 10.1080/01446193.2026.2648601
TI Interactions of factors affecting the implementation of Integrated Project
   Delivery in the New Zealand construction industry: a system dynamics and
   network analysis approach
AU Bin Asad S; Purushothaman MB; Poshdar M
TC 0
SO CONSTR MANAG ECON
PY 2026
AB Integrated Project Delivery (IPD) is a collaborative project delivery
   approach that brings together people, systems, and practices to reduce
   waste, enhance sustainability, and improve project outcomes.  This study
   examined the factors and their interactions hindering IPD implementation in
   New Zealand (NZ) through 18 semi-structured interviews with local
   construction professionals.  Using manual coding and VENSIM visualisation,
   the study identified key challenges and their interactions.  Critical
   factors include resistance to change, low technology adoption, high initial
   investment costs, insufficient mutual respect and trust, client’s
   resistance, and lack of industry standardisation.  Key challenges in NZ
   include a lack of information on IPD outcomes, a limited number of
   contractors and consultants, governance conflicts, a preference for
   traditional models, resistance to change among experienced professionals,
   contractor liquidations, subcontractors taking main contractor roles, and
   project size.  The research used network analysis methods, such as degree
   and eigenvector centrality, and causal chain analysis to identify critical
   factors and chains affecting IPD uptake.  The findings compare NZ’s
   challenges with global experiences, highlighting both unique and common
   obstacles.  While the limited sample size (18 professionals) is a
   constraint, the research provides insights to help researchers and
   practitioners address factors and their interactions to support sustainable
   construction practices in NZ. © 2026 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK
   Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
DE factors; integrated project delivery ( ipd ); interactions; network
   analysis; system dynamics
ID chains; contractors; factor analysis; sustainable development; system
   theory; analysis approach; critical factors; factor; integrated project
   deliveries; integrated project delivery; interaction; new zealand;
   resistance to change; system dynamics; systems networks; construction
   industry

---

UT 396
AR Li X/13, 2025, PLOS, V20, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0330100
TI Modeling and simulation of railway safety management with public supervision
   and dynamic incentives: A four-party evolutionary game and system dynamics
   approach
AU Li X/13; Cao X/1; Deng J; Li X/18
TC 1
SO PLOS
PY 2025
AB Railway accidents pose a significant threat to the industry, necessitating
   enhanced research into railway transportation safety.  This study integrated
   a public oversight framework into the existing safety governance structure
   of railway transport operators, utilizing a four-party evolutionary game
   model and system dynamics for enhancement.  Simulations conducted with
   Vensim software demonstrate that increased public supervision increases
   safety operation rates and improves the safety-related productivity of
   auxiliary enterprises.  However, uncertainties in the evolutionary strategy
   process were identified.  To address equilibrium fluctuations, a dynamic
   reward-punishment mechanism was developed.  The optimized system achieved a
   safety operation rate of 99.7%, enhanced the safety-related productivity of
   the auxiliary enterprises to 93.2%, and increased the public supervision
   rate to 87.2%. These findings indicate that effective public participation
   and dynamic incentives can significantly improve safety management and
   prevent losses in railway sectors, offering valuable theoretical and
   practical insights for global railway enterprises.  © 2025 Li et al.  This
   is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative
   Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution,
   and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are
   credited.
ID computer simulation; game theory; humans; models theoretical; motivation;
   railroads; safety management; article; dynamics; game; incentive; open
   access publishing; participation; punishment; railway; reward; safety;
   simulation; software; traffic and transport; computer simulation; game;
   human; motivation; procedures; theoretical model

---

UT 397
AR Lu F, 2022, LINYE KEXUE/SCI SILVAE SIN, V58, P161, DOI
   10.11707/j.1001-7488.20220517
TI Risk of Forestry Carbon Sink Project Based on Coupling Effect;
   [基于耦合效应的林业碳汇项目风险]
AU Lu F; Gu G; Cao X; Wu W
TC 1
SO LINYE KEXUE/SCI SILVAE SIN
PY 2022
AB 【Objective】 Based on the perspective of the risk coupling effect of forestry
   carbon sink projects, the risk level was measured and evaluated in this
   study, in order to provide decision-making reference for the risk
   supervision of project operators and government departments.  【Method】 A
   questionnaire of 113 forestry carbon sink experts from different fields was
   conducted on the risk categories, risk occurrence probability and influence
   degree of forestry carbon sink projects.  Firstly, the project risks were
   classified concretely, and the project risk list was formed, including 4
   risk subsystems such as nature, technology, market and policy, with a total
   of 22 risk factors.  Then, according to the literature and combined with the
   characteristics of forestry carbon sink project, the coupling relationship
   between risk factors within and among risk subsystems of forestry carbon
   sequestration projects was analyzed in detail.  A system dynamics model for
   risk assessment of forestry carbon sequestration projects was constructed on
   the basis of risk coupling diagram and risk stock-flow diagram.  All
   parameters of system dynamics operation were obtained, and VENSIM software
   was used to measure and evaluate the overall risk level and coupling effect
   of the project by scenario simulation method . 【Result】 1) The coupling
   effect had a significant impact on the risk assessment result of forestry
   carbon sink projects, and the intensity of homogeneous coupling effect
   iwasgreater than heterogeneous coupling effect.  When both homogeneous
   coupling and heterogeneous coupling effects were considered, the overall
   risk level of forestry carbon sink projects was 6.784, and the risk level is
   III. However, when both homogeneous coupling effect and heterogeneous
   coupling effect were not considered, only heterogeneous coupling effect or
   homogeneous coupling effect was considered, the overall risk level of
   forestry carbon sink projects decreased to 0.355, 0.929 and 3.102
   respectively, and the risk levels changed to I, I and II respectively.  2)
   The coupling effects of different risk subsystems were obviously different.
   Specifically, under three different scenarios, in which only homogeneous
   coupling effect, heterogeneous coupling effect and two coupling effects were
   considered simultaneously, the order of coupling effect of each risk
   subsystem was market risk > policy risk > technology risk > natural risk.
   3) Only considering the homogeneous coupling scenario, the coupling effect
   of “carbon sink price change and carbon market supply change” was the
   strongest.  Only considering the heterogeneous coupling effect, the coupling
   effect of “the change of national emission reduction policy and the change
   of carbon market supply” was the strongest.  Considering the two coupling
   effects at the same time, the coupling effect of “the change of national
   emission reduction policy and the change of carbon market supply” was the
   strongest.  4) In terms of risk level and coupling effect, the market and
   policy risks were relatively large, while the technical and natural risks
   were relatively small, but the heterogeneous coupling effect can gradually
   enlarge the overall risk of the project.  【Conclusion】 In the risk
   supervision of forestry carbon sink projects, we should not only pay
   attention to the risk level itself, but also attach importance to the
   coupling effect between risks, and guard against the evolution between risks
   and the rise of the overall risk level from the source.  © 2022 Chinese
   Society of Forestry.  All rights reserved.
DE coupling effect; forestry carbon sink project; risk; system dynamics
ID carbon; commerce; computer software; emission control; risk assessment; risk
   perception; system theory; timber; carbon markets; carbon sink; coupling
   effect; forestry carbon sink project; homogeneous couplings; market supply;
   overall risk level; project risk; risk levels; system dynamics; forestry

---

UT 398
AR Lugo-Niebla JR, 2025, SYST, V13, DOI 10.3390/systems13110936
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Multicriteria Analysis Methods for Selecting
   Scenarios in a Harness Assembling Plant
AU Lugo-Niebla JR; Lagarda-Leyva EA; Acosta-Quintana MPG; Portugal-Vásquez J;
   Naranjo-Flores AA; Bueno-Solano A
TC 0
SO SYST
PY 2025
AB The global automotive industry faces significant challenges with respect to
   its supply chain, particularly component scarcity and the increasing
   complexity of modern vehicles, which have severely impacted the production
   of high-tech harnesses.  This study addresses the issues faced by a leading
   automotive harness manufacturing company in Ciudad Obregón, Mexico (an
   international company that requested confidentiality), which has suffered
   considerable economic losses (over USD 2870) and production downtime due to
   component scarcity and delivery delays in component deliveries, affecting
   “Crew Grande” harness production.  This proposal aims to develop a
   technological solution with a graphical interface to support decision-making
   in the face of this scarcity.  The methodology employed system dynamics to
   model the supply chain’s complexity, using software such as Stella®
   Architect for Forrester diagrams and equations and Vensim® PLE for causal
   diagrams.  The model was validated with a relative error, confirming its
   reliability.  Multicriteria decision-making (MCDM) was performed using the
   Technique for Order of Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS)
   and Faire Un Choix Adequate (FUCA) methods to evaluate 15 scenarios (normal,
   pessimistic, and optimistic), identifying the four most favorable scenarios
   for optimizing operational performance.  The results demonstrate these
   solutions’ potential to mitigate losses, improve operational efficiency, and
   strengthen the company’s position against market and demand fluctuations,
   especially for its main client, Ford Motor Company, using a graphical user
   interface (GUI) to support analysis and decision-making.  © 2025 by the
   authors.
DE harness manufacturing supply chain; multicriteria analysis method;
   quantitative scenario planning; system dynamics
ID automotive industry; decision making; dynamics; supply chains; system
   theory; analysis method; automotives; decisions makings; harness
   manufacturing supply chain; multicriteria analysis; multicriteria analyze
   method; multicriterion analysis; quantitative scenario planning; scenario
   planning; system dynamics; graphical user interfaces

---

UT 399
AR Nugroho T, 2025, AIP CONF PROC, V3234, DOI 10.1063/5.0259304
TI Simulation analysis model using system dynamics for forecast production
   amount
AU Nugroho T; Sriwana IK; Ardiansyah MN
TC 0
SO AIP CONF PROC
PY 2025
AB In the coal mining logistic concerned by this study, there are three
   activity production, coal inventory, and demand (coal expenditure), and each
   activity is interconnected.  Rainy hours are one of the factors that affect
   the productivity of mechanical equipment in the production process, which
   will also have an impact on the amount of production produced and other
   activities in the logistic.  This study aims to forecast the amount of
   production produced based on rainy hours, and also how it impacts and
   relates to logistic flows using a system dynamic and Vensim software, and
   also by considering the minimum amount of coal inventory in the main
   stockpile.  The data used in this study are primary data that comes directly
   from the company and also secondary data comes from journals and official
   government websites.  The results obtained from the system dynamics
   simulation results are the integration of the coal mining logistic, the
   forecasting of production amount for 12 months, the optimal amount of coal
   delivered from the alternative stockpile to the main stockpile, and the
   forecasting of demand for each mode for 12 months which means all the
   simulation result can be referenced for company determine the production
   target.  The simulation results have been verified for units used and the
   model is declared valid because the error rate is <5%. The author also
   provides suggestions for companies to be able to increase the number of
   loaders but in this research, the suggested number of loaders can't be
   calculated due to research limitation and further researchers can develop
   this logistic integration model.  © 2025 Author(s).
DE coal mining; forecasting; integrated logistic; system

---

UT 400
AR Qin T/1, 2024, RISK MANAG HEAL POLIC, V17, P1227, DOI 10.2147/RMHP.S454748
TI Utilizing Group Model Building to Identify Barriers and Facilitators of
   Hypertension Management in Primary Health Care, China
AU Qin T/1; Li X/17; Qiao K; Bai X/1; Gu M; Wang Y/17
TC 2
SO RISK MANAG HEAL POLIC
PY 2024
AB Purpose: Group Model Building (GMB) is a qualitative method that refers to a
   participatory process.  This project aims to identify barriers and
   facilitators of hypertension management in primary health care in China,
   through which, the leverage point for intervention may be found.  Methods:
   The GMB was used to identify the factors influencing hypertension
   management.  Graphs over time and causal loop diagram (CLD) were main tools
   of GMB. To propose the influencing factors, key stakeholders were invited to
   participate in a workshop.  During the workshop, stakeholders were
   encouraged to plot the graphs over time of the variables about research
   issues and give a descriptive explanation.  And based on this, a CLD was
   initially developed to establish a model of the interaction of factors.
   After the workshop, the research group further improved the CLD through
   repeated mutual discussions, and gave feedback to the participants.  The
   Vensim PLE 9.0 software package was used to build CLD. Results: A total of
   14 key stakeholders were invited to participate in the workshop.  Finally,
   26 influencing factors were identified, which were divided into three
   dimensions, including the institutional, the community health workers
   (CHWs), and the patient level.  And 5 reinforcing loops and 4 balancing
   loops were formed in the CLD. Promoting the building of the Medical
   Community/Regional Medical Association, implementing the family doctor
   contract service (FDCS), and enhancing the motivation of CHWs may be
   potential leverage points for hypertension management in China.  Conclusion:
   By using GMB, we have identified key factors in the management of
   hypertension in primary health care and provided comprehensive suggestions
   to overcome the obstacles.  © 2024 Qin et al.
DE causal loop diagram; group model building; hypertension management; primary
   health care; system dynamics
ID article; group model building; health care personnel; health insurance;
   human; hypertension; primary health care; public health service; qualitative
   analysis; semi structured interview; workshop

---

UT 401
AR Maresova P, 2023, INT J HEAL MANAG, V16, P588, DOI
   10.1080/20479700.2022.2134635
TI An effectiveness and cost-estimation model for deploying assistive
   technology solutions in elderly care
AU Maresova P; Režný L; Bauer P; Fadeyi O; Eniayewu O; Barakovic S; Barakovic
   Husic J
TC 11
SO INT J HEAL MANAG
PY 2023
AB Background: Deployment of modern assistive technologies is one of the major
   trends.  The main objective is the provisioning of the effectiveness and
   cost-estimation model for deploying assistive technology solutions in
   elderly care intended for evaluation and showing specificity to the costs
   and associated benefits of providing smart technological solutions for
   seniors.  Methods: The model uses demographic projections taken from
   Eurostat for EU countries and the disability incidence from the annual
   report of the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs of the Czech Republic as
   an input.  The model was implemented in the software Stella Professional
   dedicated to system dynamics modelling.  Results: In relation to the
   combination of five assistive devices for the elderly the optimal solution
   the cost savings are 37.8% or182 billion CZK, cumulatively in the simulated
   time period 2021–2060. The model allows adjustments regarding price levels
   of various countries through the caregivers’ wage.  Obtained results showed
   robustness of the model to this uncertainty as percentage savings varied
   only from 37.6% to 39.8%, a mere 2.2% difference.  Conclusion: With respect
   to the ongoing demographic transition, the need to employ smart device
   solutions should further increase and their price could decline.  The
   highest savings will come from countries with higher wages for carers.  ©
   2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
DE activities of daily living; assistive technology; costs; efficiency; model;
   savings

---

UT 402
AR Alizadeh P, 2025, ANIM PROD RES, V14, P75, DOI 10.22124/ar.2025.28755.1856
TI Simulating the impact of import tariff changes of meat and livestock inputs
   on meat supply and demand in Mashhad city, Iran
AU Alizadeh P; Shahnoushi N; Mohammadi H
TC 0
SO ANIM PROD RES
PY 2025
AB Introduction: Animal products are the main source of energy and protein, and
   are the main part of the human diet.  However, the consumption of red meat
   in Iran is not in good condition compared to its consumption in developed
   countries.  One of the reasons for this issue is the sharp increase in the
   price of red meat in recent years, and the low income level of people in
   society.  Among the most important reasons for the increase in the price of
   red meat is the high price of livestock feed, such as corn and soybean meal,
   and the lack of their production in the country.  Given the instability of
   domestic production and the country's high dependence on imported livestock
   and poultry feed, the impossibility of self-sufficiency in red meat
   production, and, consequently, the inability to meet consumer demand through
   domestic production, the importance of international trade in red meat and
   livestock inputs is becoming more and more apparent.  However, the import
   tariff rate of meat and livestock inputs has fluctuated a lot in recent
   decades, which has led to the fluctuation of the prices of these inputs in
   the market.  For this reason, it is very necessary to investigate the effect
   of import tariffs on the price and supply and demand of meat to determine
   the optimal tariff to increase the welfare of producers and consumers of
   agricultural products.  Materials and methods: In this study, the effect of
   changes in the import tariff of veal and livestock inputs, including corn
   and soybean meal, on the price, domestic production, and demand of veal and
   chicken meat in Mashhad city, Iran, has been investigated using the system
   dynamics method and sensitivity analysis.  For this purpose, first, the
   causal loops diagram is designed with Vensim DSS software, then by
   formulating the model, the stock and flow diagram is drawn and simulated.
   Also, the behavioral reproduction test has been used to validate the model.
   It should be noted that these causal loops were extracted based on the
   opinions of meat industry experts and previous related studies.  Results and
   discussion: The results of the behavioral reproduction test indicated the
   accuracy and validity of the designed model.  The simulation results for 10
   years (from March 2017 to March 2027) showed that reducing the veal import
   tariff from 10 to 4% reduced the retail price of veal by 1.40% and increased
   consumer demand for this product by 3.86%. Also, by reducing the import
   tariff of livestock corn as one of the inputs for the production of veal and
   chicken meat from 5 to 0%, the supply of veal will increase by 3.59% and the
   supply of chicken meat will increase by 9.02%. Also, due to the decrease in
   the price of these products, consumer demand for veal and chicken meat
   increased by 5.38 and 3.66%, respectively.  Moreover, with the increase in
   soybean meal import tariff from 10 to 20%, the supply of chicken meat will
   decrease by 10.77% and the demand for it will also decrease by 6.96%. In
   this way, consumers replace chicken meat with veal in their consumption
   basket, and their demand for veal increases by 5.49%. Conclusions: Based on
   the results, if the goal of the policy is to change the consumption pattern
   towards more consumption of red meat, it is better to consider the policy of
   reducing the import tariff of meat and corn.  As the findings show, imposing
   a higher import tariff on veal does not help much to increase domestic
   production.  At the same time, reducing the import tariff of veal and
   increasing its import significantly increases the consumer demand for this
   product and brings the per capita consumption of red meat closer to its
   standard level in the country.  Also, the results showed that reducing the
   corn import tariff to zero can significantly increase the demand for veal
   and, at the same time, help reduce the price of chicken meat.  Finally, it
   seems that imposing a 20% import tariff for soybean meal is appropriate.
   Although this tariff increases the price of chicken meat (22.27%) and
   decreases its demand (6.96%), it is economically justified considering that
   it increases the demand for red meat consumption.  © 2025, University of
   Guilan.  All rights reserved.
DE chicken meat; import tariff; sensitivity analysis; simulation; veal

---

UT 403
AR Gul NN, 2026, SOC SCI MED, V391, DOI 10.1016/j.socscimed.2025.118918
TI Fair and effective vaccine allocation during pandemics: A system dynamics
   model for prioritization of socioeconomically vulnerable populations
AU Gul NN; Taheri S; Leeuw SD; Kian R
TC 0
SO SOC SCI MED
PY 2026
AB Health inequality emerged as a central ethical concern during the COVID-19
   pandemic.  Vaccine prioritization guidelines have been criticized for
   overlooking socioeconomic disparities, leading to perceived unfairness.
   This study presents a system dynamics model that integrates age-stratified
   medical considerations with socioeconomic factors to propose a more
   equitable vaccine allocation strategy, using England as a case study.  The
   model prioritizes socioeconomically vulnerable groups within the same age
   cohort until a defined vaccination threshold is reached.  Applying an
   extended Susceptible–Exposed–Infected–Recovered (SEIR) framework and using
   the Gini coefficient to assess health inequality, the model demonstrates
   that this approach can simultaneously reduce mortality and improve both
   input and outcome fairness.  Demographic analysis shows that age structure
   and the size of the susceptible population are critical determinants of
   threshold-based policy effectiveness.  Such policies are less effective in
   predominantly young populations than in populations with a more balanced age
   distribution.  However, enhancing living conditions for vulnerable groups
   remains essential to further reducing health inequality.  Results also
   illustrate the pandemic’s disproportionate impact on vulnerable groups and
   emphasize the need for targeted interventions.  These findings offer
   actionable insights for policymakers aiming to enhance fairness and reduce
   mortality rates in future pandemics.  © 2026 The Authors.
DE covid-19 pandemic; fairness; health inequality; socio-economic
   vulnerability; system dynamics; vaccine prioritization
ID adolescent; adult; aged; child; covid-19; covid-19 vaccines; england;
   female; health care rationing; health care disparities; humans; male; middle
   aged; pandemics; sars-cov-2; socio-economic factors; vulnerable populations;
   young adult; england; united kingdom; sars-cov-2 vaccine; covid-19; health
   status; numerical model; pandemic; prioritization; socio-economic status;
   vaccination; vaccine; adult; aged; article; comorbidity; coronavirus disease
   2019; demographics; dynamics; employment; health disparity; hospitalization;
   housing; human; immunity; middle aged; mortality; mortality rate; pandemic;
   prevalence; public health; simulation; socioeconomics; system dynamics;
   vaccination; vulnerability; vulnerable population; adolescent; child;
   coronavirus disease 2019; england; epidemiology; female; health care
   disparity; health care organization; male; pandemic; prevention and control;
   severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2; socioeconomics; young adult

---

UT 404
AR Firmanto AB, 2025, EXTR IND SOC, V24, DOI 10.1016/j.exis.2025.101742
TI System dynamics approach to Indonesia's national tin production planning
AU Firmanto AB; Wibisono D; Siallagan MPS; Mubarok MZ; Febrianti R; Andariesta
   DT
TC 0
SO EXTR IND SOC
PY 2025
AB Indonesia, as the world's leading tin producer, faces increasing pressure to
   balance economic growth with sustainable resource management.  Unregulated
   exploitation has led to environmental degradation, resource depletion, and
   market volatility.  This study applies a system dynamics (SD) modeling
   approach to optimize national tin production by simulating three scenarios:
   low (40,000 tons/year), moderate (50,000 tons/year), and high (80,000
   tons/year).Our methodology integrated: (1) data collection from government
   and industry sources; (2) causal loop diagramming to map system
   interconnections; (3) stock-flow model development in Vensim; (4) validation
   through pattern-matching; and (5) multi-scenario simulation across 50 years.
   Critical to this approach was the indexing of variables to capture temporal
   changes in resource quality and market conditions, enabling more accurate
   long-term projections.  Analysis of reserve depletion, supply-demand ratio,
   prices, and revenue revealed that high production rates accelerate reserve
   exhaustion and trigger price suppression, reducing long-term revenue.  Low
   to moderate production levels maintain higher prices and extend resource
   lifespan.  The optimal production rate of 55,000–60,000 tons/year balances
   economic returns with sustainability and market stability.  This study
   provides policymakers with a framework to align production quotas with
   sustainable development goals, supporting evidence-based regulations.
   Limitations include the exclusion of social, regional, and technological
   variables, which future research should address.  © 2025 Elsevier Ltd
DE economic optimization; indonesia; resource sustainability; system dynamics;
   tin production

---

UT 405
AR Šteinberga I, 2021, WIT TRANS BUILT ENV, V207, P89, DOI 10.2495/DMAN210071
TI COASTAL SOCIO-ECOLOGICAL SYSTEM ASSESSMENT IN MUNICIPALITIES: SYSTEM
   DYNAMICS MODELLING APPLICATION IN LATVIA
AU Šteinberga I; Kudreņickis I; Ernšteins R
TC 0
SO WIT TRANS BUILT ENV
PY 2021
AB Understanding functionality of coastal ecosystem and, specifically, coastal
   socio-ecological system (SES) and its governance from environmental, social
   and economic point of view at existing state is challenging and complex.
   Also, analysing future scenarios under various stressors could be solved
   only at site level or by using complex mathematical systems for the wider
   area.  SES based tool is Systems Analysis Framework (SAF) methodology that
   includes definition of system borders, relevant system elements, flows and
   interactions within the system, and understanding of all these aspects.  The
   methodology also includes identification of crucial components, as well as
   building of model, testing and verifying processes.  Coastal ecosystems are
   very sensitive to various factors, such as environmental changes and,
   particularly, anthropogenic impacts.  Even minor changes in temperature,
   salinity and nutrient availability can lead to substantial changes in life
   cycle.  For example, the runoff can result in higher nutrient and/or
   pollutant levels in coastal waters - algae blooms can be dangerous to both
   humans and marine life.  While coastal ecosystems should be prevented by
   special care, they are still very popular as a tourist destination.  That
   causes requirement to link tourism impact to any other environmental impact
   and, vice versa, to estimate coastal state as promoter of tourism.  This
   paper describes systemic approach used for the Baltic Sea coast at the local
   Salacgrīva municipality level in Latvia in the case of topical municipal
   development scenario of coastal tourism perspective.  All impacts are
   modelled and evaluated with STELLA software.  © 2021 WIT Press.
DE coastal management; latvia; system dynamics modeling; systems approach
   framework

---

UT 406
AR Xie L/1, 2025, IEEE TRANS ENG MANAG, V72, P3109, DOI
   10.1109/TEM.2025.3589770
TI Investigating the Driving Mechanism of Megaproject Social Responsibility
   Behavior: A System Dynamics Approach
AU Xie L/1; Luo Y/1; Ju T; Li D; Zhao X/2; Chen Y
TC 2
SO IEEE TRANS ENG MANAG
PY 2025
AB Although megaproject social responsibility (MSR) behavior has gained
   increasing attention from both academia and industry, it is still unclear
   how MSR behavior evolves over time.  Utilizing system dynamics (SD) method,
   this study aims to investigate the driving mechanism behind MSR behavior
   from the perspective of a system evolution cycle.  First, drawing on the
   motivation-opportunity-ability framework, the drivers of MSR behavior were
   inductively summarized through literature review and semi-structured
   interviews.  Second, a causal loop diagram was employed to analyze the
   relationships between the drivers, leading to the development of a
   quantitative model.  The valid empirical data from 162 respondents was
   collected to initialize parameters.  Finally, system simulation was
   conducted using Vensim PLE. The findings reveals that the model effectively
   portrays the evolution of MSR behavior.  The level of MSR behavior exhibits
   an overall growing trend, with the growth rate following an inverted
   U-shaped pattern over time.  The simulation analysis underscores the pivotal
   roles of social responsibility culture, regulatory pressure and resource
   support.  This study contributes to the body of the knowledge on megaproject
   management by offering a dynamic perspective on MSR behavior.  The
   established SD model can be served as a practical tool and helps
   practitioners develop effective strategies for MSR governance.  © IEEE.
   1988-2012 IEEE.
DE driving mechanism; megaproject social responsibility ( msr ) behavior;
   simulation; system dynamics ( sd ) engineering management-project management
ID dynamics; growth rate; knowledge management; social aspects; social
   behavior; system theory; driving mechanism; engineering management;
   management projects; mega projects; megaproject social responsibility
   behavior; megaprojects; simulation; social responsibilities; system dynamic
   engineering management-project management; system dynamics; project
   management

---

UT 407
AR Chen Y/3, 2025, ENERGIES, V18, DOI 10.3390/en18040878
TI Shale Gas Transition in China: Evidence Based on System Dynamics Model for
   Production Prediction
AU Chen Y/3; Zhang Y/2
TC 2
SO ENERGIES
PY 2025
AB As a clean energy source, shale gas plays a crucial role in mitigating the
   supply–demand imbalance of natural gas and in facilitating the transition to
   a low-carbon economy.  This study employs a system dynamics model to
   forecast future production trends in shale gas in China, analyze its
   implications for the natural gas supply–demand structure, and explore
   pathways for sustainable development.  Firstly, by integrating the
   characteristics of China’s shale gas resources, market dynamics, and policy
   frameworks, the key factors influencing production are identified, and their
   interrelationships are systematically analyzed.  Subsequently, a causal loop
   diagram is constructed using the VENSIM software(VENSIM PLE 9.3.5 x64), a
   set of representative variables is selected, and the logical relationships
   among these variables are established through a multivariate statistical
   analysis, culminating in the development of a production forecasting model
   for China’s shale gas (stock and flow diagram). Finally, based on parameter
   assumptions, this study predicts the production trends in shale gas in China
   under multiple scenarios.  The forecasting results reveal that China’s shale
   gas production is expected to grow at an average annual rate of 3.32% to
   8.02%, with production under the reference scenario projected to reach
   724.22 × 108 m3 by 2040. However, the growth of shale gas production over
   the next two decades remains limited, accounting for a maximum of 12.07% of
   the total natural gas consumption, underscoring its transitional role in the
   low-carbon transformation.  To address these challenges, this study proposes
   four policy recommendations: (1) prioritize the development of shallow,
   high-quality gas-bearing blocks while gradually transitioning to deeper
   formations; (2) intensify technological innovation in deep shale gas
   extraction to enhance recovery rates and mitigate production decline rates;
   (3) implement flexible production subsidies and moderately increase natural
   gas sales prices to incentivize production and optimize resource allocation;
   and (4) strengthen ecological conservation and improve water resource
   management to ensure the sustainable development of shale gas.  © 2025 by
   the authors.
DE chinas shale gas; energy low carbon transformation; production prediction;
   system dynamics
ID system theory; chinas shale gas; clean energy sources; energy; energy low
   carbon transformation; evidence-based; gas productions; low carbon
   transformations; production prediction; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; shale gas

---

UT 408
AR Dong Y, 2024, J UNIV SCI TECHNOL CHINA, V54, DOI 10.52396/JUSTC-2023-0108
TI Evolutionary analysis of green credit and automobile enterprises under the
   mechanism of dynamic reward and punishment based on government regulation
AU Dong Y; Huang X/3; Gan H; Liu X/7
TC 1
SO J UNIV SCI TECHNOL CHINA
PY 2024
AB To explore the green development of automobile enterprises and promote the
   achievement of the ``dual car-bonq target, based on the bounded rationality
   assumptions, this study constructed a tripartite evolutionary game model of
   government, commercial banks, and automobile enterprises; introduced a
   dynamic reward and punishment mechanism; and analyzed the development
   process of the three parties' strategic behavior under the static and
   dynamic reward and punishment mechanism.  Vensim PLE (Personal Learning
   Edition) was used for numerical simulation analysis.  Our results indicate
   that the system could not reach a stable state under the static reward and
   punishment mechanism.  A dynamic reward and punishment mechanism can
   effectively improve the system stability and better fit real situations.
   Under the dynamic reward and punishment mechanism, an increase in the
   initial willingness of the three parties can promote the system stability,
   and the government can implement effective supervision by adjusting the
   upper limit of the reward and punishment intensity.  Finally, the
   implementation of green credit by commercial banks plays a significant role
   in promoting the green development of automobile enterprises.  © 2024 The
   Author(s).
DE automobile enterprises; green credit; reward and punishment mechanism;
   system dynamics

---

UT 409
AR Li H/3, 2025, J LIBR SCI AGRIC, V37, P75, DOI
   10.13998/j.cnki.issn1002-1248.25-0088
TI Evolutionary Game Research on Stakeholder Decision-Making in Preprint
   Platform; [预印本平台利益主体决策的演化博弈研究]
AU Li H/3; Niu X; Ma Z/1; Guo M
TC 0
SO J LIBR SCI AGRIC
PY 2025
AB [Purpose/Significance] With the globalization of knowledge sharing and the
   vigorous development of preprint at home and abroad, the role of preprint
   platform in academic exchange has been recognized and appreciated by
   academic community.  This paper introduces the evolutionary simulation
   method for the first time from the previous research on government and
   enterprises to the research on preprint platform, and takes the three main
   stakeholders in the construction of preprint platform, that is government,
   researcher and the public as the main players of the game.  Different from
   the existing research, this paper uses system dynamics theory and software
   to fill the gap in quantitative analysis of SD model, and combines
   qualitative and quantitative research to further enrich the research content
   of the preprint platform through game model construction and simulation
   analysis.  This research aims to guide stakeholders to actively participate
   in the construction of preprint platform, improve the utilization rate of
   domestic preprint platform by users, and promote the construction of
   preprint platform in China.  [Method/Process] This study established a
   tripartite evolutionary game model of "government, researcher, and the
   public" to analyze the strategic stability of the three stakeholders.
   Vensim PLE software was used to simulate and analyze the the SD model,
   focusing on the influence of mixed strategies and external sensitivity
   variables on stakeholders' decision behavior.  [Results/Conclusions] In the
   construction of preprint platform, the willingness of government supervision
   is mainly influenced by the supervision cost and credibility Within a
   reasonable range, the higher the scientific research funding for researchers
   or the more severe the penalty for their passive participation, the greater
   the willingness of researchers to participate actively.  The public's
   willingness to cooperate is influenced by the costs of participation and the
   social dividends.  In the future, the construction of the preprint platform
   can be continuously promoted from three perspectives: formulating the
   framework of the underlying reward and penalty mechanism of the preprint
   platform, establishing the reputation evaluation mechanism of researchers,
   and accelerating the construction of the government's open scientific
   innovation service.  However, due to the limitation of the author's
   professional ability, the cognition of the preprint platform and the
   consideration of the relevant policy establishment process are relatively
   limited.  There are many stakeholders involved in the construction of
   preprint platform, and there are also many factors that can affect the
   decision-making behavior in the external environment and system.  In this
   study, three stakeholders from three main aspects are selected to model and
   study the external influence.  In the future, we can select stakeholders
   from different angles and increase the influencing factors to expand the
   research on preprint platform.  © 2025 Agricultural Information Institute,
   Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences.  All rights reserved.
DE evolutionary game; open science; preprint platform; stakeholders; system
   dynamics

---

UT 410
AR Zeng X/1, 2021, IEEE ACCESS, V9, P156313, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2021.3129246
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Simulation of Enterprise Patent Management
   Optimization
AU Zeng X/1; Deng L; Li W
TC 2
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2021
AB Taking the perspective of cybernetics theory, enterprise patent management
   can be described as a controllable information system which includes various
   activities and performances.  This paper aims to analysis the relationship
   between enterprise patent activities and patent performance, and to help
   convert technological innovation achievements into patent rights more
   effectively and consolidate technology superiority.  This paper uses System
   Dynamics method to construct a multiscale nonlinear enterprise patent
   management model.  Validity of this model is tested, simulation is conducted
   in VENSIM, sensitivity analysis of this model shows that: Technology
   Disclosure Sufficiency does not have much influence on patent application
   quantity, but it has strongly positive effect on patent grant rate and
   patent portfolio diversity, it can also lower the risk of patent
   circumvention.  Simulation shows that technology disclosure sufficiency is a
   key determinant to reduce information loss and improve output efficiency of
   enterprise patent management system.  Collaboration of RD personnel, patent
   engineers and patent agencies should be enhanced to improve TDS, so as to
   promote enterprise patent management efficiency.  This SD model provides a
   foundation for future research in patent management optimization.  © 2013
   IEEE.
DE computer simulation; multiscale nonlinear system; patent management; system
   analysis and design
ID efficiency; human resource management; information management; patents and
   inventions; risk assessment; sensitivity analysis; system theory;
   computational modeling; cybernetic theories; multiscale nonlinear system;
   optimizations; patent management; performance; research and development;
   system analysis and design; system dynamics modeling and simulations;
   technological innovation; computation theory

---

UT 411
AR Zhongjie D, 2023, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12597, DOI 10.1117/12.2672741
TI Research on system dynamics model of collaborative development of logistics
   and local GDP Based on Panel Data
AU Zhongjie D; Yanping G
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2023
AB This article is based on the principle of the mutual influence of the
   regional economy and logistics, and then through the construction of a
   system dynamic model for the development of logistics and local GDP, using
   the VENSIM computer software to analyze the panel in a certain area from
   2011 to 2020. The data realizes simulation simulation analysis, and then
   through the comparison of the simulation data, the policy experiment is
   studied from the aspects of the relationship between local logistics and
   local economic development, the natural growth coefficient of logistics
   development, and related industrial policies, and the conclusion is drawn
   from the experimental results: regional economy, Logistics supply and demand
   show a positive relationship with the natural growth system of logistics,
   and the regional economic development environment and the entire local
   logistics system together form a dynamic coupling system.  If the regional
   industrial structure develops in the direction of a well-developed "Three
   Two One" industrial structure At this time, the proportion of logistics
   supply and demand will be reduced to a large extent, so that the increase in
   logistics demand in the region will be activated to meet the rapid growth of
   economic needs; if the total economic volume of a region increases by 10%,
   Then the logistics demand in the region will grow rapidly in the next few
   years, and the growth rate is basically the same as that of the regional
   economy.  © 2023 SPIE.
DE logistics; panel data; regional economy; system dynamics
ID computer software; economic and social effects; image processing; regional
   planning; system theory; collaborative development; industrial structures;
   logistics demand; panel data; regional economy; regional logistics;
   simulation analysis; simulation data; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; industrial economics

---

UT 412
AR [Anonymous], 2025, PROC - INT CONF SMART-GREEN TECHNOL ELECTR SYST ICSGTEIS,
   P254, DOI 10.1109/ICSGTEIS68532.2025.11284395
TI System Dynamics Modeling of Renewable Energy Production in Indonesia to Meet
   National Energy Policy (KEN) Targets
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF SMART-GREEN TECHNOL ELECTR SYST ICSGTEIS
PY 2025
AB Indonesia has established ambitious goals to increase the share of renewable
   energy in its national energy mix, targeting at least 23% by 2025 and 31% by
   2050, as outlined in the National Energy Policy (KEN). However, recent
   assessments indicate significant shortcomings in the progress toward these
   targets.  As of 2023, the share of renewable energy has reached only 13.29%,
   well below the interim target of 17.9% for the same year, despite being just
   two years away from the 2025 milestone.  This study employs a System
   Dynamics approach to model the dynamics of Indonesia's renewable energy
   production, and evaluates the feasibility of achieving KEN targets under
   current and projected conditions.  Using Vensim PLE, a simulation model was
   developed based on historical energy supply data from the past decade,
   encompassing key renewable energy sources, such as bioenergy, geothermal,
   hydropower, solar, wind, and other renewables.  Two scenarios were analyzed:
   Business-as-Usual (BaU) and KEN Targets.  The simulation results show that
   under the BaU scenario, the renewable energy share will only reach
   approximately 14.7% in 2025 and 21.7% in 2050, falling significantly short
   of national targets.  A gap analysis revealed that geothermal, hydropower,
   wind, and solar energy consistently underperform relative to the targets,
   while bioenergy exceeds them.  To address these disparities, this study
   proposes a reallocation of KEN targets based on observed trends, emphasizing
   increased support for bioenergy and solar energy while deprioritizing
   sources with limited development potential.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE ken targets; national energy mix; national energy policy; renewable energy
   production; system dynamics
ID barium alloys; dynamics; energy policy; solar energy; bioenergy; energy mix;
   energy productions; indonesia; ken target; national energy mix; national
   energy policy; renewable energies; renewable energy production; system
   dynamics; system theory

---

UT 413
AR Zhou Q, 2022, INT J MANAG PROJ BUS, V15, P324, DOI
   10.1108/IJMPB-06-2021-0142
TI System dynamics approach of knowledge transfer from projects to the project-
   based organization
AU Zhou Q; Deng X; Hwang B-G; Yu M/1
TC 35
SO INT J MANAG PROJ BUS
PY 2022
AB Purpose: Although knowledge transfer in the context of projects and project-
   based organizations (PBOs) has gained increasing attention from academia and
   industry, it is not clear how knowledge transfers from projects to their
   parent PBOs.  This research aims to explore the main factors influencing
   knowledge transfer from projects to their parent PBOs, and analyze how these
   factors integrate the transfer process as system components using the system
   dynamics (SD) method.  Design/methodology/approach: Based on the literature
   review, investigation and interview, this paper adopts the event analysis to
   obtain the influencing factors from historical cases and establishes a
   conceptual model of knowledge transfer from five dimensions, which
   simultaneously considers the knowledge sender, knowledge receiver and the
   relationship between the knowledge sender and receiver, knowledge features
   and transfer context.  Then, the relationships between variables in the
   qualitative model were clarified, and a quantitative model including seven
   feedback loops was established using the SD model.  Lastly, the system
   simulation and sensitivity analysis of the main parameters were realized in
   Vensim PLE software.  Findings: The simulation analysis results show that
   the model can simulate the knowledge transfer process from projects to the
   PBO to a certain extent.  This research fully demonstrates the impact of
   variables from five dimensions on knowledge transfer and incorporates the
   knowledge gap and transfer threshold in the research category.  Moreover,
   the rationality of seven feedback loops proposed in the model was verified.
   And the effects of various factors on the amount of knowledge transferred
   and the PBO's knowledge stock were examined through sensitivity analysis.
   Furthermore, recommendations for developing an integrated knowledge transfer
   mechanism of PBOs and projects to enhance transfer effect are offered.
   Research limitations/implications: This research provides other researchers
   with a systematic understanding of transfer process from projects to PBOs,
   and insight for further research on knowledge transfer in project and
   organization contexts.  Furthermore, this study guides researchers to focus
   on the causal processes that constitute knowledge transfer and explores the
   expected and unexpected phenomena generated over time.  However, some
   variables involved in the transfer process are simplified, and the
   establishment of a more complex dynamic model needs further research and
   discussion.  Practical implications: By establishing a simulation model for
   knowledge transfer from projects to their parent PBOs, this study helps
   project teams and PBOs grasp the overall picture of the transfer process.
   Especially, this paper provides target-oriented recommendations for project
   and PBO managers to implement effective knowledge transfer practices, which
   have certain practical values for knowledge cultivation, coordination, reuse
   and innovation in the organization.  Originality/value: This study
   contributes to knowledge management and project management literature by
   simulating the knowledge transfer process from projects to their parent
   PBOs.  Additionally, this paper provides a reference for PBO and project
   managers to establish an integrated knowledge-transfer mechanism in the work
   process and comprehensively implement effective knowledge transfer
   practices.  © 2021, Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE knowledge transfer; project management; project-based organizations ( pbos
   ); simulation; system dynamics ( sd )

---

UT 414
AR Hussain H, 2023, INT JT CONF KNOWL DISCOV KNOWL ENG KNOWL MANAG IC3K - PROC,
   V2, P50, DOI 10.5220/0012173000003598
TI Extending the Meta Model for Enterprise Systems Dynamics from a Software
   Tooling Perspective
AU Hussain H; de Vries M
TC 1
SO INT JT CONF KNOWL DISCOV KNOWL ENG KNOWL MANAG IC3K - PROC
PY 2023
AB Literature indicates that systems dynamics (SD) has the potential of
   modelling the behaviour of a system to understand enterprise behaviour and
   the effect of enterprise policies to address multiple performance areas.
   Since SD concepts are ill-defined, a meta model for enterprise systems
   dynamics (MMESD) was developed, using the general ontology specification
   language (GOSL). The first version of the MMESD was applied to an existing
   case within the car industry, where the case was modelled with the software
   named Vensim.  The MMESD was developed without considering meta model
   implementations within multiple SD software tools.  This article
   investigates the use of SD concepts in different SD software tools,
   highlighting the differences in the use of symbolic formalisms.  The main
   contribution of the paper is extracting new concepts when we compare
   existing software tools, identifying concepts that are not already reflected
   in the first version of MMESD. We use the results to further extend the
   first version of MMESD, and apply an extended second version of MMESD to an
   existing teacher education faculties case in Croatia as a demonstration.
   The paper concludes with suggestions for future research.  Copyright © 2023
   by SCITEPRESS – Science and Technology Publications, Lda.  Under CC license
   (CC BY-NC-ND 4.0).
DE causal loop diagram; enterprise governance; general ontology specification
   language; stock flow diagram; systems dynamics
ID automotive industry; computer software; dynamics; information systems;
   specification languages; causal loop diagrams; enterprise governance; flow
   diagram; general ontology specification language; meta model; metamodeling;
   ontologys; stock flow diagram; stock flows; system dynamics; ontology

---

UT 415
AR Nozari H, 2022, WATER ENV J, V36, P299, DOI 10.1111/wej.12767
TI Management of agricultural saline drainage using system dynamics approach
AU Nozari H; Liaghat AM; Azadi S
TC 6
SO WATER ENV J
PY 2022
AB Agricultural drainage water quality changes over time until it reaches a
   balance.  In areas with shallow and saline groundwater, it might take
   several years to reach a balance.  In such cases, knowledge of the quantity
   and quality of drainage water is necessary to manage it.  The drainage water
   generated must then be managed for reuse purposes where it is of suitable
   quality and is finally discharged or disposed of.  In this paper, the system
   dynamics technique was used to manage this drainage water.  The study used
   the system dynamic programming tool VENSIM. The model developed in this
   study is capable of managing drainage water by combination of existing
   solutions such as mixture of irrigation water, used for downstream and
   cultivation of salt tolerant plants, used for irrigation of salt-friendly
   plant, discharged into a river and discharged to evaporation ponds,
   simultaneously.  The model was run using actual data for Khuzestan Province
   of Iran.  The results showed that the model could be an opportunity for the
   design and management of drainage systems.  © 2022 CIWEM.
DE drainage system; drainage water quantity; saline drainage water; system
   dynamics technique
ID iran; khuzestan; cultivation; drainage; dynamic programming; groundwater;
   system theory; water conservation; water quality; agricultural chemical;
   sodium chloride; agricultural drainage water; change-over time; drainage
   water; quality change; reuse; saline groundwater; shallow groundwater;
   system dynamics; system dynamics approach; system dynamics technique;
   cultivation; drainage water; evaporation; knowledge; water management; water
   quality; agricultural management; article; comparative study; computer
   language; electric conductivity; environmental management; evaporation;
   evapotranspiration; feedback system; halophyte; irrigation ( agriculture );
   nonhuman; salt tolerance; soil moisture; soil salinity; soil structure;
   vapor pressure; waste water recycling; water management; water quality;
   water supply; water table; irrigation

---

UT 416
AR Liu Y/2, 2024, AIMS MATH, V9, P20326, DOI 10.3934/math.2024989
TI Research on investment evaluation of highway projects based on system
   dynamics model
AU Liu Y/2; Deng H; Gao H; Ni W
TC 0
SO AIMS MATH
PY 2024
AB Aiming at the deficiencies presented by the traditional methods of highway
   project investment evaluation, the proposed highway investment evaluation
   method was based on system dynamics.  First, we constructed an evaluation
   index system from profitability, solvency, and risk resistance and clarified
   the positive and negative causality within the investment evaluation system
   of highway projects; second, we determined the boundaries of the system
   dynamics model and divided it into six sub-systems, namely, income, cash
   flow, investment evaluation, profit, cost, investment and financing, and
   liabilities; and then, we established the system dynamics model of highway
   investment evaluation based on the sub-systems.  The model made up for the
   limitations of the traditional discounted cash flow method; finally, taking
   the China’s Yunnan Province an Expressway project as an example, using
   VENSIM software simulation, we get the evaluation results of the system
   dynamics model and make a comparative analysis with the discounted cash flow
   method, which showed that the calculation inaccuracies of the NPV and other
   financial indicators were in a reasonable range, and the evaluation method
   had strong operability and practicability.  The system dynamics investment
   evaluation model provided a systematic, intuitive, whole-process investment
   evaluation method, which provided a theoretical basis for the analysis and
   decision-making of the investment effect of highway projects.  © 2024 the
   Author(s), licensee AIMS Press.
DE discounted cash flow approach; highways; investment appraisal; system
   dynamics; transportation economics

---

UT 417
AR Zhao H, 2022, ENV SCI POLLUT RES, V29, P53522, DOI
   10.1007/s11356-021-17570-8
TI Establishing a risk dynamic evolution model to predict and solve the problem
   of urban flood disaster
AU Zhao H; Li Z/7; Zhang J/3
TC 10
SO ENV SCI POLLUT RES
PY 2022
AB Under the influence of global climate change and rapid urbanization, urban
   flood disaster becomes more and more serious.  Urban flood disaster risk
   assessment and risk response strategy have become a hot issue in sponge city
   research.  This study introduce the basic concept of sponge urban
   construction risk and the basic theory, using the grounded theory to
   determine the sponge risk factors for urban construction, building based on
   system dynamics dynamic evolution model of the urban construction risk,
   sponge city construction in Jiangxi province as the research object, the
   application of Vensim PLE software carries on the simulation results.  This
   paper analyzes the dynamic development situation and key risk factors of
   each sub-risk system in the whole life cycle, and discusses what
   countermeasures should be taken to reduce the risk of sponge city
   construction.  © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-
   Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.
DE full life cycle; grounded theory; risk dynamic evolution; sponge city;
   system dynamics
ID cities; climate change; disasters; floods; urbanization; china; jiangxi;
   climate change; flood; global climate; life cycle; natural disaster; risk
   assessment; spatiotemporal analysis; urban area; urbanization; city; climate
   change; disaster; flooding; urbanization

---

UT 418
AR Lu Q, 2025, J SAF ENV, V25, P779, DOI 10.13637/j.issn.1009-6094.2024.1254
TI Research on green and low-carbon pathways for coal power enterprises in
   Shaanxi Province; [陕西省煤电企业绿色低碳转型路径研究]
AU Lu Q; Lu X
TC 3
SO J SAF ENV
PY 2025
AB The purpose of this study is to facilitate the green and low-carbon
   development of coal power enterprises in Shaanxi Province by exploring their
   pathways for green transformation.  Utilizing the principles of green low-
   carbon theory, we define the green low-carbon connotation specific to coal
   power enterprises in Shaanxi Province.  The literature analysis method and
   gray correlation degree are employed to identify the key factors influencing
   the green low-carbon transformation of coal power enterprises in Shaanxi
   Province.  A system dynamics simulation model is developed, comprising five
   subsystems: management, energy, production, economics, and innovation.  The
   primary variables for each subsystem, along with their corresponding
   equations, are established through a systematic analysis of the model's
   structure.  Structural, historical, robustness, and sensitivity tests are
   conducted on the model.  The test results indicate that the simulation model
   meets all requirements.  Path design and scenario analysis for the green and
   low-carbon transformation of coal power enterprises are conducted.  Based on
   various scenarios, adjustment programs for the variables and constants in
   each subsystem are established.  The green low-carbon transition path for
   coal power enterprises is simulated using Vensim PLE. The simulation results
   indicate that the adjustment pathways for each subsystem positively impact
   the green low-carbon transformation of these enterprises.  Achieving energy
   savings and emission reductions within the production subsystem is essential
   for facilitating a green low-carbon transformation.  This analysis evaluates
   the impact of each pathway adjustment on the overall effectiveness of the
   transition.  The integrated pathway provides the greatest benefits,
   highlighting that a comprehensive approach can effectively facilitate this
   transformation.  This approach involves enhancing inputs for green
   management, reducing energy consumption in production, engaging in carbon
   market trading, and innovating to improve energy conversion efficiency.  ©
   2025 Science China Press.  All rights reserved.
DE coal power enterprises; correlation analysis; environmental engineering;
   green transformation; low carbon development; system dynamics

---

UT 419
AR Sobisol NFS, 2025, INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMPUT DATA SCI APPL ACDSA, DOI
   10.1109/ACDSA65407.2025.11166489
TI Analyzing the Factors Affecting the Delay of Transport of Sunrays Bus Lines
   using System Dynamics
AU Sobisol NFS; Barazona HP; Dayondon JS; Tabigue KMS; Baguio I
TC 0
SO INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMPUT DATA SCI APPL ACDSA
PY 2025
AB Delays in public transportation systems have significant economic and social
   impacts, particularly in urban areas.  This study examines the factors
   contributing to transport delays in Sunrays Bus Lines and explores potential
   solutions using system dynamics modeling.  Key variables analyzed include
   bus stop placement, traffic congestion, passenger loading and unloading
   times, road construction, and traffic incidents.  A time study was conducted
   to assess delays along the bus route, and the findings were integrated into
   a Stock and Flow Diagram using Stella software.  The results indicate that
   the original system experienced significant fluctuations in travel time,
   with peak delays reaching 5.24 hours at 7:00 AM and decreasing to 5.70 hours
   by 2:00 PM, highlighting congestion patterns during peak and off-peak hours.
   The implementation of the optimized 8th policy placing bus stops every 3
   kilometers and enforcing 45 seconds stops after every two bus stops led to
   more stable travel times.  Under the improved system, peak-hour travel time
   was reduced to just below 4.65 hours at 7:00 AM, with a further decline to
   4.52 hours at midday.  The system also maintained a steadier pace in the
   evening, stabilizing at just under hours.  These findings offer valuable
   insights for transportation authorities and bus operators in enhancing
   public transit efficiency, improving passenger experience, and supporting
   sustainable urban mobility, directly supporting Sustainable Development Goal
   11 (Sustainable Cities and Communities). © 2025 IEEE.
DE delay; stock and flow diagram; system dynamics ( sd ); time study
ID bus transportation; busses; economic and social effects; mass
   transportation; system theory; time and motion study; traffic congestion;
   traffic surveys; travel-time; unloading; urban transportation; bus lines;
   bus stop; delay; flow diagram; public transportation systems; stock and flow
   diagram; stocks and flows; system dynamic; system dynamics; travel-time; bus
   terminals

---

UT 420
AR Lou W, 2022, J MOD, V42, P44, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1008-0821.2022.02.005
TI Mechanism Analysis on Academic Data Movement in Scholarly Communication: A
   Perspective of Information Process; [信息处理视角下学术数据在科学交流中的运动机制分析]
AU Lou W; Zhang Y/1
TC 0
SO J MOD
PY 2022
AB [Purpose/Significance] Academic data plays an important role in scientific
   dissemination and knowledge sharing.  At the same time, academic data
   disseminate with a very complex movement in scholarly communication.  The
   systematic exploration of the movement process, mechanism and impact factors
   of academic data in scholarly communication is of great importance to the
   science community to understand the importance of scholarly communication
   and knowledge evolution.  [Method/Process] By integrating scientific
   information exchange theory and scholarly communication system theory, a
   model for modern scholarly communication system was analyzed and proposed.
   Adopting system dynamics method and the software, Vensim, several simulation
   experiments on the proposed model was carried out to analyze the factors
   that influence the movement of academic data in scholarly communication.
   [Results/Conclusions] The double-circle movement mode of academic data in
   the scholarly communication system was proposed.  The simulation results of
   the system showed that the strongest factors on increasing the output of
   academic data were adjusting the input initial value of academic data and
   the input conversion rate of the system.  Therefore, it is necessary to
   enhance the volumn of basic academic data, to create a stable system to
   balance the development of both formal and informal scholarly exchanges,
   eventually to promote the movement of academic data in scholarly
   communication in a great value.  © 2022 Editorial Department of Modern
   Electric Power.  All rights reserved.
DE academic data; information processing; scholarly communication; system
   dynamics

---

UT 421
AR Shi W-Q, 2023, J SAF ENV, V23, P1545, DOI
   10.13637/j.issn.1009-6094.2022.0020
TI System dynamics model of emergency medical materials supply chain
   considering decision maker's overconfidence bias; [决策者过度自信下的应急医疗物资供应链动力学模型]
AU Shi W-Q; He J; Wang M-Y
TC 2
SO J SAF ENV
PY 2023
AB The main purpose of this paper is to reduce the decision-making deviation in
   the allocation of emergency medical materials and improve the efficiency of
   the emergency supply chain when emergency decision-maker has the tendency of
   overconfidence.  This paper focuses on the overestimation type of
   overconfidence, and relates epidemic control to material supply.  First of
   all, the causal feedback relationship in the emergency medical material
   supply chain is analyzed, based on the internal elements and system
   boundaries.  Then, we divide the emergency medical material supply chain
   system into four modules, including epidemic transmission module, demand
   order module, government's order module, and suppliers' order module.
   Meanwhile, according to the causal feedback and system subdivision, a system
   dynamics (SD) model under overconfidence has been constructed.  Furthermore,
   we use the case of epidemic prevention in Wuhan, China, to conduct the
   parameter design of the model.  Finally, this paper explores the impact of
   overestimation factor and extent of policy capacity expansion on the
   operation of the supply chain system, and finds effective ways to improve
   the efficiency of emergency material support, by the software of Vensim DSS.
   The results show that: In the late stage of epidemic prevention, the upper
   limit of production capacity allocated in the region is greater than the
   order quantity per unit time, ensuring collection rate of medical materials
   shows a continuous growth trend, while in the early stage of the epidemic,
   the number and production capacity of suppliers is limited.  In the long
   run, increasing the extent of policy capacity expansion will enhance the
   total production capacity within the designated area, and increase inventory
   of suppliers, inventory of medical material distribution centers, and demand
   satisfaction rate.  The incomplete transmission of information brought by
   overconfidence will affect the operational efficiency of the supply chain
   and reduce the demand satisfaction rate in disaster areas to a certain
   extent.  © 2023 Science China Press.  All rights reserved.
DE emergency medical supplies; epidemic control; overconfidence; public safety;
   system dynamics

---

UT 422
AR Momodu AS, 2021, SCI PROG, V104, DOI 10.1177/00368504211042479
TI System dynamics kinetic model for predicting biogas production in anaerobic
   condition: Preliminary assessment
AU Momodu AS; Adepoju TD
TC 15
SO SCI PROG
PY 2021
AB Introduction: This preliminary assessment of a grey-box model, was
   predicated on system dynamics principles and developed using Vensim® DSS
   software.  The purpose is to predict biogas production under anaerobic
   conditions for energy utilization at the design stage.  Objective: To
   describe the process of a developed system dynamics model to predict biogas
   production under anaerobic conditions.  Methods: This method involves two-
   stage kinetics of the biogas production process in anaerobic conditions
   using the first-order and Gompertz functions.  The model is depicted in two
   parts: causal loop diagram and stock–flow diagram.  The causal loop diagram
   describes the anaerobic digestion process a substrate undergoes for the
   production of biogas, while stock–flow diagram depicts basic building blocks
   of the dynamic behavior of an anaerobic digestion process.  Primary data is
   from a laboratory-scale experiment of biogas production using vegetal
   wastes, while the secondary one is from the literature on studies using
   similar substrates.  Results: Primary and secondary data are used to
   validate and stimulate the developed model.  The kinetic model shows the
   substrate being reduced exponentially with increasing time; consumption of
   substrate and production of methane and carbon dioxide follows exponential
   growth and decay pattern, with carbon dioxide production starting early
   compared to methane, and was produced at a rate faster due to the strong and
   resilient characteristics of fermentative microorganisms.  Discussion:
   Comparing data from empirical and model simulation shows some close
   relationship, though not too perfectly.  Both results reflect signs of
   inhibitions occurring within the substrates in the digester under anaerobic
   conditions explaining the low methane yield or instability.  © The Author(s)
   2021.
DE biogas; growth function; kinetics; system dynamics; waste management
ID anaerobiosis; biofuels; bioreactors; carbon dioxide; kinetics; methane;
   biofuel; carbon dioxide; methane; anaerobic growth; bioreactor; kinetics

---

UT 423
AR Ji C, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14031171
TI Sustainable Mechanism of the Entrusted Transportation Management Mode on
   High‐Speed Rail and the Impact of COVID‐19: A Case Study of the
   Beijing–Shanghai High‐Speed Rail
AU Ji C; Yao Y/1; Duan J/1; Li W/2
TC 4
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB The transport management mode fundamentally determines the sustainable
   development of high‐speed rail passenger transport (HSRPT), which was
   shocked by the COVID‐19 pandemic in 2020. In order to study the sustainable
   development mechanism of HSRPT and the impact of COVID‐19, primarily based
   on the data from the Beijing–Shanghai high‐speed rail (HSR) taken from 2018,
   we adopt system dynamics (SD) to provide a scenario simulation method to
   examination sustainable operation status of HSRPT under the entrusted
   transportation management mode (ETMM) by VENSIM, and take into account the
   following two evaluation indicators: economic and opera-tional.  The results
   show the following: (1) Transportation demand and commissioned
   transportation management fees play a vital role in the sustainable
   operation of the Beijing–Shanghai HSR, causing significant changes in
   transportation revenue and transportation costs.  (2) COVID‐19 had a great
   impact on the sustainable operation of the Beijing–Shanghai HSR. In 2020,
   the turnover and transportation profit of the Beijing–Shanghai HSR fell by
   74.31% and 49.19%, respectively.  In 2022, the transportation profit can be
   restored to the level of 2019. The study results reveal that Beijing–
   Shanghai HSR under the ETMM has a good sustainable development capability.
   © 2022 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE covid-19 impact; entrusted transportation management mode; high-speed rail
   passenger transport; sustainable operation; system dynamics
ID beijing [ china ]; china; shanghai; covid-19; high-speed train; sustainable
   development; transportation; turnover

---

UT 424
AR Hongfang C, 2022, PROC - INT CONF MEAS TECHNOL MECHATRONICS AUTOM ICMTMA,
   P667, DOI 10.1109/ICMTMA54903.2022.00138
TI Quality Analysis of Ideological and Political Education in Universities
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Hongfang C; Yuat G
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF MEAS TECHNOL MECHATRONICS AUTOM ICMTMA
PY 2022
AB In order to scientifically evaluate the quality of college students'
   ideological and political education, this paper adopts the social simulation
   method of system dynamics to study the linear relationship between effective
   training factors and output benefits.  Starting from the factors that affect
   the quality of college students' values cultivation, we construct a system
   dynamics model by applying the relevant theories and methods of system
   dynamics, and provide the corresponding cultivation framework, causality and
   structural equation.  Then Vensim is used to simulate and analyze the model,
   compare the benefits of ideological and political education output under
   different inputs, and provide specific improvement suggestions according to
   the results.  From the results of system simulation, certain important laws
   are consistent with the reality.  It is proved that our scheme can truly
   depict the dynamic process of knowledge fiow.  © 2022 IEEE
DE benefit; ideological and political education; system dynamics; teaching
   quality; venism
ID education computing; quality control; students; benefit; college students;
   ideological and political educations; linear relationships; social
   simulations; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; teaching quality;
   training factor; venism; system theory

---

UT 425
AR Hosseinzadeh S, 2024, INT J HEAL MANAG, V17, P63, DOI
   10.1080/20479700.2022.2149083
TI Hospital bed capacity management during the COVID-19 outbreak using system
   dynamics: A case study in Amol public hospitals, Iran
AU Hosseinzadeh S; Ketabi S; Atighehchian A; Nazari R
TC 4
SO INT J HEAL MANAG
PY 2024
AB Nowadays proper management of hospital resources has played an important
   role in reducing the economic pressure on hospitals.  Unprecedented
   challenges have arisen for healthcare systems including further resource
   constraints due to the Covid-19 pandemic.  So different countries faced the
   low capacity of hospitals' resources to admit and care for patients during
   the crisis.  Medical staff, beds and personal protective equipment are among
   the scarce resources in this period.  In this study, the patient flow in
   public hospitals has been modeled using System Dynamics (SD) simulation to
   manage the available capacity of intensive care units (ICU) and wards during
   the COVID-19 period.  The model has been implemented in Vensim PLE and
   verified for public hospitals in Amol, Iran.  The results have shown that
   hospitals face bed shortages in the period coinciding with the growing
   incidence of COVID-19, being forced to cancel or delay the admission of
   selected patients and nonemergency surgeries.  Different scenarios based on
   possible strategies for managing hospital bed capacities have been also
   evaluated.  The best strategy is the one in which the allocated bed
   capacities to COVID-19 patients are altered based on infection rates during
   different stages of the pandemic, resulting the shortage of beds is
   postponed the most.  © 2022 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis
   Group.
DE bed capacity management; covid-19; infection rate; inpatient ward; intensive
   care unit; system dynamics

---

UT 426
AR Zhang Y/5, 2026, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V33, P98, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-10-2023-1073
TI Formation and dynamics of prefabricated building innovation network
AU Zhang Y/5; Xu L; Xue X; Wang Z/9; Skibniewski M
TC 2
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2026
AB Purpose – With the uptake of prefabricated construction (PC) facing serious
   obstacles in China, networked innovation can break the technical constraints
   while also containing the risks in individual innovation.  However, the
   construction community has paid little attention to PC innovation,
   especially networked innovation.  This study aims to gain deep insights into
   what impacts the formation and dynamics of a prefabricated construction
   innovation network (PCIN). With the uptake of PC facing serious obstacles in
   China, networked innovation can break the technical constraints while also
   containing the risks in individual innovation.  Design/methodology/approach
   – The research design follows a sequential mixed methodology of qualitative
   and quantitative data collection and analysis.  It first conceptualizes the
   PCIN based on the quadruple helix model and formulates a corresponding
   system dynamics model based on causality analysis.  After validating the
   PCIN model using empirical data, simulations are carried out using Vensim
   PLE software.  Finally, this study identifies key factors that promote the
   formation of PCIN in China through sensitivity analysis.  Findings – The
   results show that PC predicts a continuous increase in practice as of 2030.
   The tested drivers all positively influence the formation of the PCIN, with
   market demand and risk sharing having the greatest influence, followed by
   competitive pressure, profit government support, scientific and
   technological advancement and collaborative innovation strategy.
   Originality/value – The study makes three major contributions.  First, it
   provides a novel angle for a deeper understanding of the PC innovation.
   Second, it proposes a new approach for probing the formation and dynamics of
   the PCIN. Finally, it offers a theoretical reference for promoting the
   formation of innovation networks and the development of PC. © 2024 Emerald
   Publishing Limited
DE innovation network; network dynamics; network formation; prefabricated
   building; system dynamics
ID facings; prefabricated construction; system theory; building innovations;
   construction communities; construction innovation;
   design/methodology/approach; innovation network; network dynamics; network
   formation; networked innovations; system dynamics; technical constraints;
   sensitivity analysis

---

UT 427
AR Wu H/1, 2021, ENERGY SCI ENG, V9, P828, DOI 10.1002/ese3.837
TI Model for sustainable development based on system dynamics and
   energy–economy–environment coordination: A case study of Beijing, China
AU Wu H/1; Peng D; Wang L/7
TC 20
SO ENERGY SCI ENG
PY 2021
AB In developing countries, the contradiction between environmental protection
   and economic development has become increasingly serious.  The current
   research focuses on: how to coordinate the relationship between economic
   development and environmental protection.  This study considers energy
   consumption and environmental emission reduction as the research object.  An
   energy–economy–environment simulation system was developed using Vensim as a
   modeling platform to clarify the relationship between energy consumption,
   economic development, and environmental pollution.  Based on the data
   gleaned from Beijing's energy system, the availability of the simulation
   model is verified through historical inspection and operational tests.
   Finally, based on the energy–economy–environment simulation system,
   different development scenarios have been set up to analyze the development
   trends of energy consumption, economic development, and environmental
   emission reduction under different scenarios.  The results show that the
   development prospects under the coordinated development scenario are the
   most reasonable and effective, taking into account the coordinated
   development of all the three aspects, especially in terms of carbon emission
   reduction.  © 2021 The Authors.  Energy Science & Engineering published by
   the Society of Chemical Industry and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE coordinated development; energy management; energy-saving; energy system
   dynamics; sustainability
ID developing countries; economics; emission control; energy utilization;
   environmental protection; sustainable development; carbon emission
   reductions; development prospects; development scenarios; development
   trends; environment simulation; environmental emissions; environmental
   pollutions; operational test; economic and social effects

---

UT 428
AR [Anonymous], 2024, ENV SOC PSYCHOL, V9, DOI 10.59429/esp.v9i7.2845
TI Towards inclusive education: A simulation study on improving the education
   experience of Children with Special Needs (CSN) in inclusive schools in
   South Kalimantan
TC 0
SO ENV SOC PSYCHOL
PY 2024
AB Education is an essential part of the nation's life, and everyone has the
   right to get an education, including children with special needs and people
   with disabilities.  Children with Special Needs (CSN) experience
   longstanding physical, intellectual, mental, or sensory limitations that
   make them different from ordinary people.  This study aims to present the
   best system for children with special needs in inclusive schools in South
   Kalimantan using the Causal Loop Diagram (CLD) model, which highlights
   cause-and-effect relationships between systemcomponents, as illustrated in
   the diagram.  This research adopts a System Dynamics approach focusing on
   understanding the behavioral implications emerging from existing structures
   and uses Powersimsoftware as an instrumental tool.  The results showed that
   the increase in the number of Special Assistance Teachers (SAT) and the
   increase in individual facilities and programs for Children with Special
   Needs (CSN) in South Kalimantan increased the number of CSN attending
   inclusive schools by 8% to 6,387 the following year.  This is due to the
   average of one SAT accompanying one CSN, so the system implemented has
   succeeded in improving the quality of inclusive education for CSN. © 2024 by
   author(s).
DE children with special needs; inclusive education; inclusive schools; special
   teacher; systemdynamics

---

UT 429
AR Koutsopoulos MT, 2026, FOODS, V15, DOI 10.3390/foods15030582
TI Sustainable Recovery from Shocks: Policies and Partnerships for Fresh
   Produce Rescue and Environmental Impact Reduction
AU Koutsopoulos MT; Luna-Reyes LF; Bozlak CT; Neff R; Mu T; Romeiko XX; Guo
   Z/3; Hosler AS; Pettigrew SM; Pernicka N; Crasto-Donnelly P; Klein A;
   Feingold BJ
TC 0
SO FOODS
PY 2026
AB Food policies that respond to shocks and support nutritious diets for
   vulnerable populations can enhance resilience, support social equity, and
   reduce environmental damage.  Using a simulation model, we evaluated the
   effectiveness of two food redistribution policies—Nourish New York, a
   program providing funds to food rescue organizations to purchase food
   directly from farmers, and the Food Donation and Food Scraps Recycling Law
   (an organics “waste ban”)—in response to a shock such as the COVID-19
   pandemic.  We assessed policy based on recovered food and life cycle carbon
   and water footprints over 10 years.  Both policies improved produce
   donations during post-shock.  The waste ban increased waste at feeding
   organizations; diverting unavoidable food waste to composting and anaerobic
   digestion mitigated its carbon footprint.  Enhanced coordination and
   partnerships within the food redistribution network were crucial for
   ensuring that produce reached those in need, ultimately reducing long-term
   environmental impacts.  Implementing multiple strategies that enhance
   recovery from farms and retail, while strengthening the organizational
   capacity of the food redistribution network, can simultaneously advance food
   security and environmental goals.  © 2026 by the authors.
DE food donation; food policy; food waste; shock recovery; system dynamics
ID anaerobic digestion; article; coronavirus disease 2019; feeding; food
   quality; food waste; fruit; global warming potential; human; landfill; life
   cycle; recycling; shock; social equity; vegetable; waste management

---

UT 430
AR Dan B, 2022, JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG, V28, P892, DOI
   10.13196/j.cims.2022.03.022
TI Collaborative operation model and simulation analysis of the third party
   platform multi-value chain under the influence of matching level;
   [匹配水平影响下第三方平台多价值链的协同运作模型及仿真分析]
AU Dan B; Li W/3; Shi Y
TC 2
SO JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG
PY 2022
AB Based on a multi-value chain composed of a third-party platform, multiple
   host manufacturers and multiple parts suppliers, a multi-value chain
   collaborative operation model by using system dynamics method was
   constructed for analyzing the influence of the third party platform's
   matching level on manufacturers and suppliers' collaborative operation
   strategies.  The main factors of impacting the number of manufacturers,
   suppliers and matching level of platform to platform, manufacturer and
   supplier returns were described.  The collaborative operation strategy of
   manufacturers and suppliers under different platform matching level was
   obtained with Vensim software simulation.  Research results showed that the
   manufacturers and suppliers' income was affected by platform matching levels
   and the number of users in the market.  A higher matching level was better
   for manufacturers according to the long-term development.  For the supplier,
   at the beginning lower matching level was better in mature stage of a
   platform, a higher matching level was more favorable to it.  © 2022,
   Editorial Department of CIMS. All right reserved.
DE collaborative operation model; matching level; multi-value chain; system
   dynamics; third-party platform
ID computer software; simulation platform; system theory; collaborative
   operation model; collaborative operations; matching level; matchings; multi-
   value; multi-value chain; operations modeling; third parties; third-party
   platform; value chains; manufacture

---

UT 431
AR Ribeiro CLC, 2022, WATER SUPPLY, V22, P5494, DOI 10.2166/ws.2022.184
TI Simulations of the climate change and its effect on water resources in the
   Palma River basin, Brazil
AU Ribeiro CLC; Diotto AV; Thebaldi MS; Rodrigues JAM; Viola MR
TC 3
SO WATER SUPPLY
PY 2022
AB Anthropic and natural factors can affect the water availability in a basin,
   making necessary the use of tools that allow the simulation of future
   scenarios.  Considering that future climate change can affect water
   resources, the objective of this study was to evaluate the sustainability of
   the Palma River basin, located in the Tocantins state, Brazil, throughout
   the century, under scenarios of climate change and increase in irrigated
   area.  Future runoff was simulated using the SWAT model, considering the
   Eta/HadGEM2-ES and Eta/MIROC5 climate models and the RCPs 4.5 and 8.5
   emission scenarios.  The crop irrigation requirement was simulated using the
   AquaCrop model.  A model was created in STELLA software, where the water
   supply and demand data in the basin were entered, and the sustainability
   index (SI) was calculated, whose results were statistically analyzed through
   trend and correlation tests.  HadGEM 8.5 was the most unsustainable
   scenario.  MIROC 4.5 and MIROC 8.5 scenarios showed higher growth of
   unsustainable months over time.  A trend of decreasing SI and increasing
   unsustainable months was observed in most scenarios.  The results found can
   assist in the decision-making of water resource managers, to promote the
   mitigation of climate change effects in the basin.  © 2022 IWA Publishing.
   All rights reserved.
DE aquacrop; hydrological modeling; stella; swat; system dynamics; water
   resources management
ID balearic islands; brazil; majorca; mediterranean sea; palma; spain;
   tocantins; climate models; decision making; economics; software testing;
   sustainable development; water resources; water supply; watersheds; water;
   aquacrop; hydrological models; natural factors; river basins; stella;
   sustainability index; swat; water availability; water resources management;
   waters resources; climate change; climate effect; correlation; future
   prospect; hydrological modeling; irrigation system; soil and water
   assessment tool; sustainability; water availability; water management; water
   resource; article; brazil; climate change; climate model; clinical
   evaluation; controlled study; correlation analysis; decision making;
   evapotranspiration; fluid intake; hierarchical clustering; hydrological
   model; irrigation ( agriculture ); population growth; river; river basin;
   simulation; software; soil and water assessment tool model; water
   availability; water supply; climate change

---

UT 432
AR Pan X, 2024, CICTP RESILIENT INTELL CONNECT LOWCARBON MULTIMODAL TRANSP -
   PROC COTA INT CONF TRANSP PROF, P3669, DOI 10.1061/9780784485484.349
TI Forecast of Highway Passenger Volume in Spring Festival Travel Rush Based on
   System Dynamics Model
AU Pan X; Yang J/3; Zhang T
TC 0
SO CICTP RESILIENT INTELL CONNECT LOWCARBON MULTIMODAL TRANSP - PROC COTA INT
   CONF TRANSP PROF
PY 2024
AB During the holidays represented by the Spring Festival, passenger stations
   and highway passenger transport enterprises are facing great pressure.
   Accurate prediction of highway passenger traffic during this period can make
   passenger stations and passenger transport enterprises carry out more
   reasonable capacity input and scheduling.  Based on the principle of system
   dynamics, this paper constructs a forecasting model of highway passenger
   volume in the Spring Festival travel rush.  Combined with the background of
   strong recovery of domestic tourism market, the influencing factors such as
   policy impact, residents’ demand, GDP, residents’ consumption level, and
   highway mileage are substituted into the forecasting model as quantitative
   indicators, which effectively avoids the problem that the traditional model
   only relies on historical data to analyze the linear relationship to predict
   highway passenger volume.  Considering the nonlinear relationship among
   independent variables, a causal relationship diagram is constructed to
   analyze the causal feedback relationship, and the results are verified by
   comparing the historical data from 2019 to 2023 with the predicted values.
   The software Vensim is used to analyze and predict the total passenger
   traffic of the Spring Festival travel rush during the three scenarios of
   high, medium, and low economic growth in China from 2024 to 2026. © ASCE.
DE highway passenger volume; spring festival; system dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; motor transportation; enterprise is; forecasting
   models; highway passenger volume; historical data; passenger station;
   passenger traffic; passenger transport; spring festival; system dynamics;
   system dynamics modeling; system theory

---

UT 433
AR Xiao Y, 2024, INT CONF ENERGY SYST ELECTR POWER ICESEP, P1618, DOI
   10.1109/ICESEP62218.2024.10652072
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Analysis of the Impact of Regional Carbon
   Emissions by Electric Vehicles Integration
AU Xiao Y; Lin X; Hu H; Zhang F/1; Chen Z/1; Tang J; Gao Z; Zhou M/1
TC 0
SO INT CONF ENERGY SYST ELECTR POWER ICESEP
PY 2024
AB In the pursuit of low-carbon development and achieving the dual carbon
   goals, the development of electric vehicles is an important driver.  This
   paper aims to study the impact of electric vehicles on carbon emissions.
   Firstly, it analyzes the relationship between the scale of electric
   vehicles, vehicle-to-gird, and the structure of regional energy sources and
   carbon emissions.  Then, three different strategies for the development of
   clean energy are constructed.  Finally, a feedback model based on system
   dynamics is established to simulate the dynamic evolution process of
   reducing regional carbon emissions through the integration of electric
   vehicles into the grid.  To validate the effectiveness of the model, a city
   in southwest China is selected as the research object, and simulation using
   Vensim software is conducted to analyze the impact of electric vehicle grid
   integration on reducing carbon emissions in three different scenarios.  The
   simulation results show that the continuous expansion of the scale of
   electric vehicles will have a significant and positive effect on carbon
   emissions reduction.  Vehicle-to-grid technology has great potential for
   reducing carbon emissions.  The promotion of clean energy has a significant
   effect on reducing carbon emissions.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE carbon emissions; dual carbon targets; energy-resource structure; system
   dynamic; vehicle to gird
ID carbon emissions; carbon targets; clean energy; dual carbon target; dynamics
   analysis; energy; energy-resource structure; system dynamics; system
   dynamics modeling; vehicle to gird

---

UT 434
AR Alejandra Coronado Racines M, 2022, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P32, DOI
   10.1145/3523132.3523138
TI System Dynamics Application as a Tool to Estimate Environmental Effects of
   Irrigation, Pest and Weed Control Considering a Traditional Sugarcane Crop
   and an Organic Sugarcane Crop
AU Alejandra Coronado Racines M; Carlos Osorio Gomez J; Stephania Vargas Mesa D
TC 1
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2022
AB The cultivation of sugar cane generates impacts on ecosystems, two of the
   four most relevant impacts are environmental, on the one hand, the
   generation of greater water stress due to irrigation needs, in addition to
   the impact on biodiversity and endemic species due to land use, highlighting
   the need for the development of policies for sugarcane production trying to
   mitigate these impacts [1]. This is how a dynamic simulation is proposed
   that addresses elements of sugarcane cultivation considering a case of
   traditional plantation and another organic one to estimate the environmental
   effects produced by irrigation, which generates depletion of the water
   resource, and the control of pests and weeds that cause contamination in the
   soil through the application of chemicals.  The proposed model was applied
   using the Vensim PLE software considering interrelationships between these
   elements.  In this way, it was possible to conclude that the depletion of
   the water resource and the contamination of the soil is lower in organic
   cultivation, consuming 10.5% less water, in addition they are not considered
   pollutants in the soil, but in the traditional cultivation reaches 1674
   l/ha.  It is important to note that for the model to be able to correctly
   support decision-making, additional aspects that affect the yield of each
   type of crop, as well as its profit margin and volatility, must be
   considered.  © 2022 ACM.
DE irrigation; pest and weed control
ID biodiversity; crops; decision making; land use; organic chemicals; soil
   pollution; soils; sugar cane; water pollution; water resources; weed
   control; dynamic applications; dynamics simulation; endemic species;
   organics; pest and weed control; sugarcane crops; sugarcane cultivation;
   system dynamics; water stress; waters resources; irrigation

---

UT 435
AR Zhang M/3, 2024, J CLEAN PROD, V449, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.141717
TI A mechanism for upgrading the global value chain of China's wood industries
   based on sustainable green growth
AU Zhang M/3; Song G; Ma N
TC 16
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2024
AB With climate change and increasingly fierce international trade competition,
   upgrading the global value chains (GVCs) under the sustainable development
   mode is becoming a key transformation for China's wood industry.  This study
   applies system dynamics theory to build a model of upgrading and evolution
   of the GVC of the wood industry based on sustainable green growth and uses
   Vensim PLE software for system simulation.  The results demonstrate that (1)
   under the framework of sustainable green growth, the optimization of
   industry structure and security of resource supply play an important role in
   promoting the position of the GVC. (2) improving technological innovation
   capacity, plantation forest stock, carbon emission reduction intensity, and
   wage growth is essential to upgrade the wood industry's position in the GVC.
   (3) different policy implementations have different impacts on the coupled
   and coordinated development of the system, and implementing innovation-
   driven policies is the optimal realization path to promote the synergistic
   upgrading of the GVC. The findings enrich the holistic and systematic study
   of the evolution of GVC upgrading in traditional manufacturing industries
   and provide a fresh perspective for assisting the wood industry in realizing
   GVC upgrading under a sustainable green growth model.  © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
DE global value chains; green growth; mechanism construction; sustainability;
   system dynamics; wood industry
ID climate change; competition; computer software; forestry; structural
   optimization; sustainable development; system theory; wood; development
   modes; dynamics theory; global value chain; green growths; industry based;
   mechanism construction; optimizations; system dynamics; system simulations;
   wood industry; international trade

---

UT 436
AR Shaker F, 2024, J MODEL MANAG, V19, P1827, DOI 10.1108/JM2-07-2023-0136
TI Simulating the corrective actions affecting system availability: a system
   dynamics approach
AU Shaker F; Shahin A; Jahanyan S
TC 2
SO J MODEL MANAG
PY 2024
AB Purpose: This paper aims to simulate vital corrective actions (CAs)
   affecting system availability through a system dynamics approach based on
   the results obtained by analyzing the causal relationships among failure
   modes and effects analysis elements.  Design/methodology/approach: A stock
   and flow diagram has been developed to simulate system behaviors during a
   timeframe.  Some improvement scenarios regarding the most necessary CAs
   according to their strategic priority and the possibility of eliminating
   root causes of critical failure modes in a roller-transmission system have
   been simulated and analyzed to choose the most effective one(s) for the
   system availability.  The proposed approach has been examined in a steel-
   manufacturing company.  Findings: Results indicated the most effective CAs
   to remove or diminish critical failure causes that led to the less
   reliability of the system.  It illustrated the impacts of the selected CAs
   on eliminating or decreasing root causes of the critical failure modes,
   lessening the system’s failure rate and increasing the system availability
   more effectively.  Research limitations/implications: Results allow managers
   and decision-makers to consider different maintenance scenarios without
   wasting time and more cost, choosing the most appropriate option according
   to system conditions.  Originality/value: This study innovation would be the
   dynamic analysis of interactions among failure modes, effects and causes
   over time to predict the system behavior and improve availability by
   choosing the most effective CAs through improvement scenario simulation via
   VENSIM software.  © 2024, Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE availability; failure modes and effects analysis; mean time between
   failures; mean time to repair; stock and flow diagram; system dynamics

---

UT 437
AR Guo B, 2022, SCI PROGR, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/1846254
TI Modeling and Simulation of Consumer Preference Decision for Commercial
   Complex Location Based on System Dynamics
AU Guo B; Zhang B/3; Li Y/7
TC 2
SO SCI PROGR
PY 2022
AB The influencing factors of consumer shopping behavior play a key role in the
   later performance of commercial real estate enterprises.  On the basis of
   analyzing the influence factors of customer patronage and the influence
   factors of commercial complex site selection decision and their
   relationship, a causal relationship graph and a system dynamic model are
   established, which can describe the influence of customer preference on
   commercial complex site selection decision.  And introducing customer
   subjective factors optimize the original pure objective factors site
   selection decision model.  The model is implemented by using the system
   dynamics modeling tool Vensim.  At the same time, the model is verified by
   using the data of the first-hand investigation.  The results show that the
   calculated data of the model is in good agreement with the actual data.  The
   results show that the system dynamics method can effectively simulate the
   influence of various factors on the decision-making of the commercial
   complex.  As the forecast of the model, the key indexes of the decision-
   making of the city commercial complex are discussed, and the measures to be
   taken are put forward, which can provide reference for the decision-making
   of the location.  © 2022 Bin Guo et al.
ID consumer behavior; decision making; sales; system theory; complex sites;
   consumer shopping; decisions makings; location based; model and simulation;
   performance; selection decisions; shopping behavior; system dynamics; system
   dynamics modeling; site selection

---

UT 438
AR Shamsuddoha M, 2025, LOGIST, V9, DOI 10.3390/logistics9040171
TI System Dynamics Modeling of the Jute Stick Charcoal (JSC) Supply Chain:
   Logistics and Policy Strategies for Sustainable Rural Industrialization in
   Bangladesh
AU Shamsuddoha M; Hossain AI; Dewan I; Nur KF
TC 0
SO LOGIST
PY 2025
AB Background: Jute, recognized as the ‘golden fiber’ of Bangladesh, produces a
   substantial amount of stick left over (waste), a byproduct of the fiber.
   Usually, unused jute sticks (JS) are thrown away or burned, since they are
   treated as landfill or unusable waste.  Noteworthy research gaps exist in
   the farming process, infrastructure, [supply chains], unfavorable policies,
   government interference, and insufficient farmers’ knowledge of the export
   market.  This research examines the potential of jute stick charcoal (JSC)
   as a sustainable and value-added product within the circular economy
   framework.  Methods: This study employs a system dynamics (SD) modeling
   approach to examine how various factors, including agricultural output,
   supply chain process efficiency, trade flows, and relevant variables,
   influence JSC supply chain performance.  Considering technologies,
   logistics, and policy variables, this study constructed a simulation model
   with three scenarios: current, worst-case, and improved, using Vensim DSS to
   identify system behavior under changing conditions.  Results: The simulation
   indicates that optimizing idle jute resources, enhancing supply chain
   processes, and expanding markets can increase economic returns, reduce
   waste, and create more rural jobs, particularly for women.  Conclusions:
   Enhanced coordination, technologies, and logistics can reduce carbon
   emissions, benefit farmers, support rural industries, and contribute to SDGs
   8, 12, and 13. © 2025 by the authors.
DE agro-waste; bangladesh; charcoal; circular economy; jute; jute stick;
   modeling; production; simulation; supply chain; sustainability; system
   dynamics

---

UT 439
AR Prakoso B, 2021, E3S WEB CONF, V331, DOI 10.1051/e3sconf/202133101010
TI Forecast of COVID-19 cemetery land needs with system dynamics modeling
AU Prakoso B; Widana IDKK; Pramono R; Bangun E; Islami HS
TC 1
SO E3S WEB CONF
PY 2021
AB As of June 30, 2021, Indonesia ranks third in Asia with the highest number
   of deaths due to COVID-19. One of the provinces in Indonesia, Central Java,
   is ranked third nationally in the accumulation of positive cases,
   recoveries, and deaths.  Fulfilling the need for burial grounds for COVID-19
   positive bodies needs attention because several countries and regions in
   Indonesia were experiencing a COVID-19 public cemetery land crisis.  Sragen
   Regency is one area in Central Java designated as a red zone.  The number of
   death cases is relatively high needs to ensure the availability of COVID-19
   burial grounds.  Therefore, this study aims to model the forecast for
   COVID-19 burial grounds.  The approach used in this research is systems
   thinking, while the method used is system dynamics with Powersim software.
   Reference data for modeling is obtained from the
   http://corona.sragenkab.go.id page.  The simulation results show the AME
   value of 4.7% or less than 5% so that the model is declared valid.  Based on
   the Business as Usual (BAU) simulation, in the 20th week, it is estimated
   that there will be 320 deaths with a burial area of 961.13 m2. Until the
   20th week, the increase in COVID-19 Positive Population, Death, and Cemetery
   Land Needs on the graph of the BAU simulation results shows an exponential
   growth trend.  © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences.  This is an open
   access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons
   Attribution License 4.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

---

UT 440
AR Salimi N, 2021, J APPL RES WATER WASTEWATER, V8, P14, DOI
   10.22126/arww.2021.6453.1211
TI Management and planning of water resources allocation at the scenario
   analysis using system dynamics model: A case study on Yamchi dam basin, Iran
AU Salimi N; Feizi A; Rasi Nezami S; Kanooni A
TC 6
SO J APPL RES WATER WASTEWATER
PY 2021
AB In recent years, the growing population and the need to supply water for
   domestic, and health, and agriculture sectors have led to the establishment
   of industrial centers in developing countries.  The onset of drought in most
   countries has challenged surface water, groundwater, dams, and reservoirs.
   Iran is among those countries, which is located in a dry and semi-arid
   region.  These factors made managers and decision-makers in this field make
   appropriate rules and regulations for the use of limited water resources.
   In this paper, the Vensim dynamic model was applied to properly exploit the
   Yamchi dam water and groundwater resources in the Ardabil plain in Iran and
   allocate these resources in the agriculture, industry, and drinking sectors.
   By defining different scenarios, it was found that pressurized irrigation
   and changing the crop pattern scenarios are the most appropriate options for
   water management in the Yamchi basin.  In this scenario, known as G in the
   model, 62 % of the network lands are moved from traditional flood to
   pressurized irrigation with an irrigation efficiency of 60 %. Accordingly,
   the reliability of the agricultural and drinking water supply will reach 92
   and 99 %, respectively.  Meanwhile, due to saving the water resources, the
   water infiltration caused by irrigation will be greatly reduced, and the
   land swamping will be prevented.  © The Author(s) Publisher: Razi
   University.
DE allocation; groundwater; system dynamics; vensim; water resource; yamchi dam

---

UT 441
AR Qin Z, 2022, J PHYS CONF SER, V2301, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/2301/1/012004
TI Evolutionary Game Study on the Supervision Strategy in the Operation Phase
   of Green Public Buildings Based on System Dynamics Simulation
AU Qin Z; Wang J/2; Ji C/1
TC 0
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2022
AB In the energy performance contracting (EPC) mode, an effective way to
   achieve green public buildings, the information asymmetry among stakeholders
   in the operation phase is critically adverse to the energy-saving effect of
   green public buildings.  This paper constructs an evolutionary game model
   between energy users and energy-saving companies (ESCOs) in the operation
   phase of green public buildings under the premise of limited rationality.
   Vensim PLE software is used to build the corresponding simulation model to
   simulate the strategy evolution of players under different initial
   strategies.  Typical scenarios with different government punishment,
   penalties from energy users, and opportunistic gains of ESCOs, respectively,
   are set up to conduct sensitivity analysis.  The results show that dynamic
   alternation exists in the strategy evolution of players during the operation
   phase of green public buildings under the EPC mode, and it is influenced by
   the simulation period and players' initial strategies.  And the evolution in
   different typical scenarios is influenced by the aforementioned parameters
   with different significance.  This study can provide a basis for the
   supervision strategy of ESCOs in the operation phase of green public
   buildings by local governments and energy users thus promoting the energy-
   saving operation of green public buildings for final carbon reduction.  ©
   Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID buildings; computer software; energy conservation; energy  savings; energy
   performance; energy users; energy-savings; evolutionary games; game studies;
   operation phasis; performance contracting; public buildings; system dynamics
   simulation; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 442
AR Fatemi SS, 2023, INT J PROD QUAL MANAG, V39, P362, DOI
   10.1504/IJPQM.2023.132268
TI Presenting a multi-objective intelligent dynamic model of preventive
   maintenance using data mining
AU Fatemi SS; Javadi M; Azizi A; Najafi E
TC 0
SO INT J PROD QUAL MANAG
PY 2023
AB The aim of this paper is the design of an intelligent dynamic model of
   preventive maintenance using multi-objective optimisation and data mining,
   based on textile and clothing industry data, especially Borujerd textile
   factories.  Based on the samples from the semi-annual data and reports of
   the textile and clothing industries during the years 2013 to 2018, the data
   sets of the present study were compiled to perform data mining calculations.
   Based on the information of the comparative diagram of changing the
   variables of the dynamic model and by changing the initial level of the rate
   of change of preventive maintenance, it was determined that dynamic growth
   rate of the variable of ‘workplace factor’ with the lowest growth rate;
   ‘technology factor’ with moderate growth; ‘strategy factor’ with the highest
   growth rate; ‘employee factor’ with a desirable growth and ‘quality factor’
   with a good growth rate were the results.  Copyright © 2023 Inderscience
   Enterprises Ltd.
DE clementine data mining environment; fuzzy artificial neural network;
   maintenance; vensim system dynamics environment

---

UT 443
AR Dai P, 2025, PROMET TRAFFIC TRANSP, V37, P1071, DOI 10.7307/ptt.v37i4.844
TI Research on the Operation Strategy of Rural Logistics Network with
   Comprehensive Consideration of Cost, Efficiency and Benefit
AU Dai P; Lu C; Xu J
TC 0
SO PROMET TRAFFIC TRANSP
PY 2025
AB The high-cost and low-efficiency rural logistics network is a bottleneck
   that restricts the flow of commodities and economic development between
   urban and rural areas.  In view of this, this paper uses the system dynamics
   modelling method to first analyse the constituent elements of the rural
   logistics network operation system and the relationship between them and
   draw the causal diagram.  Secondly, quantify the causal diagram with the
   dynamics equations, and establish the stock and flow diagram.  Thirdly, set
   the relevant parameters, and carry out the structural, parametric and
   sensitivity tests with Vensim software.  Finally, for the scenarios of
   dealing with general commodities and fresh agricultural products, the
   simulation of rural logistics network operation is carried out, which
   reveals the feedback mechanism between network operation efficiency,
   logistics cost and operating enterprise benefits, and simulates the
   implementation effects of different operation strategies from both
   endogenous and exogenous levels to explore how to build a rural logistics
   network with high efficiency, low cost and increased benefits.  The results
   show that networked, organised and intelligent operation plans, logistics
   land use policies, and carbon tax policies are highleverage measures to
   reduce cost and increase efficiency in rural logistics networks.  However,
   attention should be paid to distinguishing between implementation stages and
   the attributes of the implemented enterprises, focusing on the reduction of
   logistics land cost at the early stage of network construction, levying
   logistics carbon tax and paying attention to the reduction of the transport
   fee rate at the mature stage of network operation and increasing policy
   preferences for fresh agricultural products logistics enterprises.  © 2025,
   Faculty of Transport and Traffic Engineering.  All rights reserved.
DE operation strategy; rural logistics network; system dynamics
ID cost analysis; feedback mechanism; logistics; policy approach; pollution
   tax; rural area; simulation

---

UT 444
AR Gao Z/1, 2025, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1316 LNNS, P208, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-96-3949-6_16
TI Cost-Benefit Analysis and Technology Transition Management of Automation
   Adoption in Tea Plucking Based on System Dynamics Model Design
AU Gao Z/1; Tan AHP; Tuan JLY; Zheng Y/1; Luo Y/2
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2025
AB Tea is one of the most significant cash crops in developing countries.  Tea
   cultivation plays a pivotal role in rural development and poverty reduction.
   Currently, tea plucking is very labour-intensive.  In response to the
   challenges of rural labor reduction and labour cost control, mechanization
   is a strategy to reduce costs.  However, it remains unclear whether
   mechanization is beneficial to tea owners.  This paper utilises system
   dynamics to investigate this problem.  First, the boundaries of the system
   were defined.  Secondly, variables were identified to construct a causal
   loop diagram.  The variables were then defined and categorized, after which
   the stock flow diagrams were constructed, and the system dynamics equations
   were developed.  Finally, multiple scenario-based simulations were
   conducted.  Three scenarios were explored namely labour-only, machinery-
   only, and combined scenarios.  Within the constraints of the model,
   simulations can result in additional revenue from machinery.  The simulation
   results are accurate within the defined boundaries of the model, while
   acknowledging for other possible variables not part of the model.  Possible
   improvements and recommendations are presented at the end.  © The Author(s),
   under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.  2025.
DE plucking; system dynamics; tea; tea industry; vensim
ID cost reduction; crops; flowcharting; wages; automation adoption; cost-
   benefits analysis; mechanization; plucking; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; tea industry; technology transition; transition management;
   vensim; cost benefit analysis

---

UT 445
AR Fajri F, 2023, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V1183, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/1183/1/012073
TI Rain-shelter technology model in sustainable red chili production cluster in
   Aceh Tengah
AU Fajri F; Arida A; Susanti E; Hakim L
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2023
AB This study aims to design a rain-shelter technology model in the red chili
   agribusiness cluster as an alternative policy to increase farmers' income.
   This study uses the soft system dynamics methodology (SSDM), which is a
   systemic thinking modeling approach that can understand unstructured
   situations and contains the entire interaction between elements of an object
   through causal relationships as the basis for understanding the dynamic
   behavior of complex system of the object to assess the risks that occur in
   red chili agribusiness cluster.  The research was conducted in the red chili
   production center in Aceh Tengah Regency.  Identification of the need for
   cluster model done through literature and interviews with experts from
   stakeholders, namely practitioners and policy makers involved in the
   procedure of input supply, production, and marketing of red chili output.
   The primary data obtained through observation, in-depth interviews with
   respondents, as well as the activity of FGD (Focus Group Discussion), while
   secondary data obtained through the study of literature from various sources
   of literature, books, scientific journals, and a variety of publications
   related to this research.  Formulation of model made by software Veneta
   Simulation (Vensim DSS), followed by simulation.  The result of this
   research showed that the application of the rain-shelter technology model
   effectively had a positive impact on the quantity and quality of on-grade
   red chili production, so that it was able to meet industrial market demands
   and increase farmers' income.  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing
   Ltd.

---

UT 446
AR Ren Z, 2023, PROC INT CONF INTELL SYST ADV COMPUT COMMUN ISACC, DOI
   10.1109/ISACC56298.2023.10084273
TI AO2DS: A Method of Auxiliary Operational Decision-making Based on System
   Dynamics Simulation
AU Ren Z; Ren X; Ren L
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF INTELL SYST ADV COMPUT COMMUN ISACC
PY 2023
AB The intelligent decision plays an important role in the modern war.  This
   paper proposes AO2DS, an auxiliary operational decision method based on
   system dynamics simulation, to assist commander making decision.  The State-
   of-the-Art system dynamics simulation method relies on complex models and
   logical relationships.  AO2DS reduces the complexity by extracting the
   essential decision points based on domain knowledge.  Meanwhile, AO2DS
   solves the problem of model explosion by using modular modeling and multi-
   view segmentation.  Furthermore, we expand a dynamic link libraries in
   Vensim, which help AO2DS to achieve complex calculations and logical
   judgments.  We have further applied AO2DS on The StarCraft II game platform.
   Our experimental evaluation shows AO2DS can defeat the Difficult computer,
   with more than 80% winning rate.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE battle decision; starcraft ii; system dynamics simulation
ID domain knowledge; system theory; battle decision; complex model; decision
   method; intelligent decisions; making decision; operational decision making;
   operational decisions; starcraft ii; state of the art system; system
   dynamics simulation; decision making

---

UT 447
AR Chen Y/8, 2025, BUILD, V15, DOI 10.3390/buildings15060949
TI What Kind of Policy Intensity Can Promote the Development of Intelligent
   Construction in Construction Enterprises?  Study Based on Evolutionary Games
   and System Dynamics Analysis
AU Chen Y/8; Shi Y/4; Lin S; Ding M
TC 1
SO BUILD
PY 2025
AB Previous studies have focused on the fact that government policies are the
   key factors in promoting the development of intelligent construction in
   construction enterprises.  However, how to select different forms of policy
   support and quantify the intensity of policy support, as well as the impact
   on the behavioral strategies of construction enterprises and the government,
   still needs in-depth exploration.  This paper constructs an evolutionary
   game model between construction companies and the government, using the
   system dynamics simulation software Vensim to analyze the model under three
   different government policy support scenarios.  The study explores how
   varying levels of policy support and key factors influence the strategic
   choices of the game participants, providing valuable insights for promoting
   the development of intelligent construction.  The key findings are as
   follows: (1) The willingness to adopt intelligent construction is heavily
   dependent on policy incentives.  The incentive effect of the three single
   policies is much lower than that of the combined policies, and only high-
   intensity special fund support (more than 8 CNY/m2) significantly promotes
   widespread adoption.  Among combinations of policies, tax incentives coupled
   with special funds prove most effective.  (2) The government’s decision to
   actively promote intelligent construction hinges on a cost–benefit analysis.
   Under medium to high levels of special fund support, medium to low levels of
   service support are more beneficial for reaching a stable state of
   intelligent construction implementation.  (3) Reducing the incremental costs
   of intelligent construction transformation is the primary key factor in
   promoting construction.  The findings contribute to a deeper understanding
   of how both the government and construction companies can adjust their
   strategies in response to policy changes, ultimately leading to more
   effective policy implementation and strategic decision-making.  © 2025 by
   the authors.
DE evolutionary game theory; intelligent construction; policy incentive;
   simulation modeling; system dynamics
ID construction companies; construction enterprise; evolutionary game theory;
   evolutionary system; intelligent constructions; key factors; policy
   incentives; policy support; simulation-modelling; system dynamics; system
   theory

---

UT 448
AR Luo S, 2024, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V24, DOI 10.1186/s12913-024-12113-6
TI Forecast of total health expenditure on China’s ageing population: a system
   dynamics model
AU Luo S; Zhang J/4; Heffernan M
TC 2
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2024
AB Background: China is currently at a turning point as its total population
   has started to decline, and therefore faces issues related to caring for an
   ageing population, which will require an increase in Total Health
   Expenditure (THE). Therefore, the ability to forecast China’s future THE is
   essential.  Methods: We developed two THE System Dynamics (SD) models using
   Stella Architect 3.4 to simulate China’s THE from 2000 to 2060. The constant
   prices THE SD model estimates THE under low, medium, and high Total
   Fertility Rate (TFR) scenarios.  The current prices THE SD model serves as a
   robust calibration check.  In addition, we developed a new total Gross
   Domestic Production (GDP) forecast model to estimate THE/GDP over the same
   period.  Results: Our simulation results reveal a significant upward trend
   in China’s THE from 2000 to 2060. Specifically, under the low TFR scenario,
   THE is projected to reach approximately $33.4 trillion in 2015 constant USD
   by 2060. However, with the introduction of efficiency impact factors, THE is
   expected to fall to around $8.6 trillion by 2060. Additionally, the per
   capita Health Expenditure is anticipated to rise from $102 in 2000 to
   roughly $30,800 by 2060, though it could see a decrease to nearly $7,900
   with efficiency improvements.  Our GDP forecast for 2060 is nearly $87
   trillion, with THE to GDP ratio expected to be about 9.7%. In our scenario
   analysis, as TFR increases, the growing new births and decreased ageing rate
   are expected to lead to a rise in THE and a decrease in per capita Health
   Expenditure.  Conclusion: The efficiency of THE utilization needs to be
   improved.  Increasing TFR can help alleviate population decline and ageing
   to some extent.  Enhancing workforce productivity and sustained economic
   growth is needed to counteract the challenges posed by an ageing population.
   © The Author(s) 2024.
DE china gdp forecast; efficiency impact factors; population aging; scenario
   analysis; system dynamics; the/gdp; total fertility rate; total health
   expenditure; total population decline
ID aged; china; forecasting; gross domestic product; health expenditures;
   humans; population dynamics; aging; architect; article; calibration; china;
   controlled study; economic development; gross national product; human;
   predictive model; simulation; aged; china; forecasting; gross national
   product; health care cost; population dynamics

---

UT 449
AR Zhang M/2, 2022, COMPLEX SYST COMPLEX SCI, V19, P96, DOI
   10.13306/j.1672-3813.2022.01.013
TI Systems Dynanics-based Study on Contract and Tacit Knowledge Transfer;
   [基于SD模型的契约与隐性知识转移研究]
AU Zhang M/2; Gao L
TC 1
SO COMPLEX SYST COMPLEX SCI
PY 2022
AB There are still some weaknesses of the research on tacit knowledge transfer
   from the perspective of contract.  To explore the systematic impact of
   formal/informal contracts on tacit knowledge transfer, this paper extracts
   four transfer mechanisms, trust level, transaction cost, patent risk and
   contract rigidity, and builds a SD model, then uses Vensim PLE for
   simulation and sensitivity analysis.  The results show that, there are
   differences in the influence path and impact effect of formal/informal
   contracts, under the synergistic effect of low-level formal contracts and
   high-level informal contracts, tacit knowledge transfer amount is the
   largest.  Tacit knowledge transfer is more dependent on informal contracts,
   which provides a basis for enterprise contract governance.  © 2022, The
   Editorial Department of Complex Systems and Complexity Science.  All right
   reserved.
DE formal/informal contract; systems dynamics; tacit knowledge; transfer
   mechanism

---

UT 450
AR Ming L, 2023, J MOD, V43, P131, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1008-0821.2023.01.013
TI Research on the Guidance and Control Mechanism and Causal Mechanism of Short
   Video Network Public Opinion under Multi-agent Collaboration;
   [多主体协同视域下短视频网络舆情导控机理及因果机制研究]
AU Ming L
TC 1
SO J MOD
PY 2023
AB [Purpose/Significance] The increasing popularity and application of short
   videos have brought convenience to the communication of netizens, but also
   led to the generation of short video network public opinion, which has
   brought new challenges to the work of network public opinion guidance and
   control.  [Method/Process] Based on the analysis of rel⁃ evant subjects and
   influencing factors of short video network public opinion, Vensim PLE
   software was used to construct a system dynamics model including three
   subsystems of netizens, short video platform and government, and combined
   with “Zhengzhou 7·20 Extraordinary rainstorm disaster event”, the model was
   simulated and analyzed, and the process tracking method was used to analyze
   the causal mechanism of short video network public opinion guidance and
   control, and to build a theoretical analysis model.  [Result/Conclusion] The
   results show that short video network public opinion is jointly affect⁃ ed
   by the guidance and control needs, subject participation and coordination
   mechanism, which can be effectively guided from the aspects of formulating
   guidance and control plans, strengthening the construction of convergent
   media matrix, and strengthening effective coordination between subjects.
   Control short video network public opinion.  © The Author(s) 2023.
DE causal mechanism; multi-agent collaboration; network public opinion; process
   tracking; short video; system simulation

---

UT 451
AR Bao X, 2025, J RAILW ENG SOC, V42, P119
TI Research on Construction Efficiency Level of Railway Engineering Technology
   Interface; [铁路工程技术接口施工工效水平研究]
AU Bao X; Huo Y; Ban X; Xu J/2
TC 0
SO J RAILW ENG SOC
PY 2025
AB Research purposes:To improve the efficiency of technical interface
   construction, this paper constructs a technical interface construction based
   on the existing building construction efficiency system, and uses a system
   dynamics model to analyze the construction efficiency of railway engineering
   technical interfaces and dynamically predicts their changing trends.
   Research conclusions: (1) Based on the constructed technical interface
   construction efficiency system, 51 influencing factors are identified.  (2)
   Using grey number theory and decision laboratory analysis, the interaction
   relationship between factors is analyzed, and 40 key influencing factors are
   identified.  (3) Using system dynamics theory, the feedback mechanisms of
   various key factors are analyzed, the causal relationship diagrams are
   drawn, and the dynamic impact of various factors are simulated on the
   construction efficiency level of technical interfaces using Vensim software.
   The results indicate that in the initial state, the efficiency level of the
   "human" subsystem is the highest, while as the construction progress
   progresses, the efficiency level of the "management" subsystem changes the
   fastest.  (4) The research results can provide reference for railway
   engineering technology interface management and decision-making.  © 2025
   Editorial Department of Journal of Railway Engineering Society.  All rights
   reserved.
DE construction efficiency; influencing factors; railway engineering; system
   dynamics; technical interface
ID behavioral research; decision making; decision theory; engineering research;
   number theory; railroad transportation; railroads; system theory; building
   construction; changing trends; construction efficiency; efficiency levels;
   influencing factor; railway engineering; research purpose; system dynamics;
   system dynamics modeling; technical interface; efficiency

---

UT 452
AR Wang Y/9, 2021, IEEE CONF ENERGY INTERNET ENERGY SYST INTEGR ENERGY INTERNET
   CARBON NEUTRALITY EI2, P4210, DOI 10.1109/EI252483.2021.9713032
TI Dynamic Evolution Mechanism of High-End Chemical Industry Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Wang Y/9; Wei J
TC 0
SO IEEE CONF ENERGY INTERNET ENERGY SYST INTEGR ENERGY INTERNET CARBON
   NEUTRALITY EI2
PY 2021
AB According to the theory of system dynamic, analyzing the influencing factors
   of high-end chemical industry, using VENSIM software, dynamic network model
   of high-end chemical industry development is constructed, and mechanism of
   its development is analyzed.  © 2021 IEEE
ID chemical analysis; dynamics; dynamic evolution; dynamic network modeling;
   evolution mechanism; industry based; industry development; system dynamics;
   chemical industry

---

UT 453
AR Nicho M, 2022, INT CONF HUM SYST INTERACT HSI, V2022-July, DOI
   10.1109/HSI55341.2022.9869450
TI Systems Dynamics Modeling for Evaluating Socio-Technical Vulnerabilities in
   Advanced Persistent Threats
AU Nicho M; Girija S
TC 1
SO INT CONF HUM SYST INTERACT HSI
PY 2022
AB The paper focus on the application of Systems Dynamics Modelling (SDM) for
   simulating socio-technical vulnerabilities of Advanced Persistent Threats
   (APT) to unravel Human Computer Interaction (HCI) for strategic visibility
   of threat actors.  SDM has been widely applied to analyze nonlinear,
   complex, and dynamic systems in social sciences and technology.  However,
   its application in the cyber security domain especially APT that involve
   complex and dynamic human computer interaction is a promising but scant
   research domain.  While HCI deals with the interaction between one or more
   humans and between one or more computers for greater usability, this same
   interactive process is exploited by the APT actor.  In this respect, using a
   data breach case study, we applied the socio-technical vulnerabilities
   classification as a theoretical lens to model socio and technical
   vulnerabilities on systems dynamics using Vensim software.  The variables
   leading to the breach were identified, entered into Vensim software, and
   simulated to get the results.  The results demonstrated an optimal
   interactive mix of one or more of the six socio variables and three
   technical variables leading to the data breach.  SDM approach thus provides
   insights into the dynamics of the threat as well as throw light on the
   strategies to undertake for minimizing APT risks.  This can assist in the
   reduction of the attack surface and reinforce mitigation efforts (prior to
   exfiltration) should an APT attack occur.  In this paper, we thus propose
   and validate the application of system dynamics approach for designing a
   dynamic threat assessment framework for socio-technical vulnerabilities of
   APT.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE advanced persistent threats; data breach; human-computer interaction;
   systems dynamics; vulnerabilities
ID cybersecurity; investments; advanced persistent threat; data breach;
   nonlinear dynamic systems; nonlinear complex systems; sociotechnical; system
   dynamics; system dynamics modeling; technical vulnerabilities; vensim
   softwares; vulnerability; human-computer interaction

---

UT 454
AR Lock R, 2024, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V238, P1042, DOI
   10.1016/j.procs.2024.06.132
TI Modeling hospital logistics capacity through system dynamics during the
   COVID-19 pandemic: Case of Pasco Healthcare Network in Peru
AU Lock R; Benavente Y; Gatica G; Olivares P; Ramirez J; Gonzalez-Holgado A
TC 3
SO PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI
PY 2024
AB The present investigation, whose main objective is based on modeling the
   hospital logistics capacity in the Pasco Healthcare Network (Peru) through
   Systems Dynamics during the first and second wave of the appearance of the
   SARS-COVid-2 virus, oriented towards a study in the capacity to respond to
   the most intense health emergency in recent decades.  In the first instance,
   the reality of the studied system was made known, which was possible thanks
   to the information provided by the actors that make up the hospital
   logistics capacity, sources uploaded to the WHO worldwide.  Afterwards, we
   proceeded to characterize the variables that make up the system,
   prioritizing each of these through the application of a structural analysis
   that measured the levels of influence between one variable and another.
   Because of this, we proceeded to create the causal diagram, and likewise
   facilitate the inclusion of the network model through the Stella software.
   Once the model has been simulated, the results obtained are reported.  ©
   2024 Elsevier B.V.. All rights reserved.
DE causal diagram; logistic capacity; structural analysis; system dynamics
ID health care; hospitals; sars; system theory; causal diagram; health
   emergencies; hospital logistics; logistic capacity; network models; stella
   software; system dynamics; structural analysis

---

UT 455
AR Mo J, 2023, J RAILW SCI ENG, V20, P4377, DOI
   10.19713/j.cnki.43-1423/u.T20222311
TI Influence of psychological flexibility on safety behavior of railroad
   construction workers in high altitude areas
AU Mo J; Cui L
TC 7
SO J RAILW SCI ENG
PY 2023
AB To improve the level of safety behavior of railroad construction personnel
   in high altitude areas, and to explore the mechanism of the influence of
   psychological flexibility on safety behavior.  Based on social cognitive
   theory and human-environment interaction theory, this study introduced
   safety self-efficacy and high-altitude environmental risk perception as
   mediating and moderating variables of the relationship between psychological
   resilience and safety behavior.  At the same time, a hypothetical model of
   the relationship between psychological resilience and safety behavior was
   constructed.  Firstly, a phased approach to data collection was adopted,
   using a well-established scale about psychological resilience and safety
   behavior.  A questionnaire survey was conducted with front-line construction
   personnel from eight project departments of the under-construction high-
   altitude railway construction areas in Gansu, Qinghai and Tibet.  Secondly,
   structural equations were established based on validated factor analysis and
   correlation analysis using AMOS 24.0 model to verify the hypothesis and
   calculate the path coefficients.  Finally, the causality and flow diagrams
   of safety behaviors were constructed.  The path coefficients and constants
   were used as system dynamics (SD) simulation parameters to simulate the
   change process of psychological resilience and safety behaviors under the
   intervention of safety self-efficacy and high-altitude environmental risk
   perception using Vensim.  The results show that psychological resilience
   significantly and positively can influence safety behavior (safety
   compliance and safety participation), and safety self-efficacy mediated the
   relationship between psychological resilience and safety behavior (safety
   compliance and safety participation). Meanwhile, the perception of risk in
   high-altitude environment significantly moderated the influence of
   psychological flexibility on safety behavior (safety compliance and safety
   participation). In addition, the simulation results show that psychological
   resilience and safety behaviors show a parabolic line of decline and then
   increase under the intervention of safety self-efficacy and high-altitude
   environmental risk perception.  The results not only can enrich the
   application of psychology in engineering practice, but also provide new
   ideas for safety behavior research and practical suggestions for improving
   enterprise safety management.  © 2023, Central South University Press.  All
   rights reserved.
DE high-altitude railroad construction; psychological resilience; safety
   behavior; structural equation modeling; system dynamics
ID behavioral research; occupational risks; personnel; risk perception; safety
   engineering; system theory; construction personnel; environmental risk
   perceptions; high-altitude railroad construction; psychological resilience;
   safety behavior; safety compliances; safety participations; self efficacy;
   structural equation models; system dynamics; railroads

---

UT 456
AR Li Y/12, 2023, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V43, P3549, DOI
   10.12011/SETP2023-0076
TI Research on the motivation of “Manufacturing chain + Platform” dual mode
   value co-creation based on system dynamics; [基于系统动力学的 “制造链 + 平台”
   双模式价值共创实现动因研究]
AU Li Y/12; Li J/8; Sun X; Bai X
TC 7
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2023
AB A supply chain with the manufacturing company at its core is usually
   referred to as a manufacturing chain.  Constructing the “Manufacturing chain
   + platform” dual mode by building a platform based on the manufacturing
   chain is an important way for China’s traditional manufacturing industry to
   achieve digitalization and service transformation.  Based on value co-
   creation theory, starting from the structure of dual-mode value co-creation
   system, this paper systematically analyzes the internal and external
   motivations of dual-mode value co-creation and their realization mechanism.
   By relationalizing the mechanism, an overall causal loop diagram of the
   system is formed to fully capture the feedback effects among the factors.
   On this basis, in order to understand the path and degree of the influence
   of each factor on the value co-creation system from a dynamic perspective,
   and then identify the key factors affecting the effect of dual-mode value
   co-creation, this study constructs a system dynamics model and conducts
   simulation experiments by using Vensim software.  It is found that resource,
   relationship, and network structural motivations differentially contribute
   to value co-creation, and the technological innovation indirectly influences
   value co-creation through acting on the internal structural motivation.  In
   the early stage, the flow and innovation of diverse resources and the
   integration and collaboration of complementary resources take the lead in
   stimulating the accumulation of co-creation value; in the middle stage, the
   building of explicit relationships and the strengthening of the interaction
   of implicit relationships on the platform can effectively maintain the
   vitality of multi-subject value co-creation; and the expansion of the scale
   of subjects driven by the network effect is the key aspect of the final
   formation of dual-mode ecology.  Moreover, improving the compound ability of
   the focal enterprise, platform technology investment and cross-side network
   effect can significantly improve the value co-creation effect of dual mode
   and the accumulation of subject scale; reducing customer learning cost has a
   certain contribution to the increase of the number of subjects, but has a
   less significant effect on co-creation value; while the professional ability
   of supply-side partners has a weaker impact on the value co-creation effect
   and ecological construction of dual mode.  © 2023 Systems Engineering
   Society of China.  All rights reserved.
DE simulation analysis; system dynamics; value co-creation driving factor;
   manufacturing chain + platform dual-mode
ID computer software; ecology; engineering education; simulation platform;
   supply chains; system theory; co-creation; driving factors; dual modes;
   manufacturing chain; simulation analysis; system dynamics; value co
   creations; value co-creation driving factor; value co-creation system;
   manufacturing chain + platform dual-mode; motivation

---

UT 457
AR Ni G, 2022, PSYCHOL, V13, DOI 10.3389/fpsyg.2022.888060
TI Formation Mechanism and Dynamic Evolution Laws About Unsafe Behavior of New
   Generation of Construction Workers Based on China’s Construction Industry:
   Application of Grounded Theory and System Dynamics
AU Ni G; Lv L; Wang S; Miao X; Fang Y; Liu Q
TC 21
SO PSYCHOL
PY 2022
AB Construction workers’ unsafe behavior is a major cause of safety accidents
   and injuries, therefore, a profound understanding of the formation process
   and evolution laws about construction workers’ unsafe behavior is conducive
   to taking measures to prevent incidents.  At present, the new generation of
   construction workers (NGCWs) born after 1980 are gradually becoming the main
   force at construction sites in China.  Given that generational differences
   of construction workers can cause the discrepancies in their thoughts and
   attitudes when engaging in safety-related activities, this study aims to
   investigate the formation mechanism and dynamic evolution laws about NGCWs’
   unsafe behavior based on the context of China’s construction industry.  From
   the perspective of behavior motivation, in-depth semi-structured interviews
   with 18 NGCWs and 7 grassroots managers were conducted, and data analysis
   followed a three-step coding process based on grounded theory.  Through
   continuous comparison, abstraction and analysis, the stimulus-organism-
   response theory was introduced and expanded to construct a three-stage
   formation mechanism model.  On this basis, the causal diagram and stock flow
   diagram were developed based on system dynamics principles to reflect the
   dynamic feedback relationships of the factors in the static formation
   mechanism model, and simulation was carried out using Vensim PLE software.
   The results show that three types of internal needs and three types of
   external incentives stimulate corresponding motivations for NGCWs’ unsafe
   behavior.  Two types of individual factors, five types of situational
   factors and behavior result play an influencing role in the decision-making
   process of externalizing motivation into behavior.  Under the synergistic
   effect of multiple factors, the level of unsafe behavior displays a downward
   trend, and the rate of decrease is slow first and then fast.  Furthermore,
   among individual factors and situational factors, safety awareness and
   safety management system have the most significant effect on the level of
   unsafe behavior, while situational factors play a more obvious role.  The
   findings can provide theoretical support and practical references to China’s
   construction companies and government departments for the purpose of
   improving NGCWs’ unsafe behavior.  Copyright © 2022 Ni, Lv, Wang, Miao, Fang
   and Liu.
DE behavior motivation; dynamic evolution laws; formation mechanism; grounded
   theory; new generation of construction workers; system dynamics; unsafe
   behavior

---

UT 458
AR Chu Y, 2025, LECT NOTES BUS PROCESS, V551, P355, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-94190-0_30
TI Financial Risk Evaluation and Control in New Energy Vehicle Enterprises: A
   Case Study of BYD
AU Chu Y; Zhang A; Yu Q
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES BUS PROCESS
PY 2025
AB In the context of global low-carbon development and the promotion of green
   energy transformation, the new energy vehicle industry is growing rapidly,
   making significant contributions to China’s economic development.  However,
   financial risks in this sector are also on the rise.  How to prevent and
   mitigate these risks, and correctly understand and evaluate them, has become
   an urgent issue for enterprises to solve.  BYD, as a pioneer in the Chinese
   new energy vehicle industry, has a long history and a sound financial
   system, making it a representative case for research.  Therefore, based on
   literature research and risk management theories, this paper selects BYD as
   the research object, analyzes the influencing factors of its financial
   risks, and concludes through the Analytic Hierarchy Process that the major
   financial risks are solvency and cash flow capacity.  Subsequently, the
   system dynamics modeling method is applied, and the Vensim-PLE is used for
   simulation analysis to explore the dynamic relationship between various
   factors and financial risks.  Finally, targeted risk prevention and
   governance measures are proposed based on key factors.  The study shows that
   BYD’s net operating cash flow has the greatest impact on the enterprise’s
   cash flow, while the company’s investment cash flow displays negative
   growth, the financing cash flow shows positive growth, and the overall net
   cash flow grows slowly.  Additionally, BYD’s accounts receivable collection
   period is relatively long.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE byd; financial risk; new energy vehicle; simulation analysis; system
   dynamics
ID analytic hierarchy process; economics; investments; risk analysis; risk
   management; system theory; vehicles; byd; case-studies; cash flow; financial
   risks; new energy vehicles; risk evaluation; risks controls; simulation
   analysis; system dynamics; vehicle industry; risk assessment

---

UT 459
AR Zhao Y/2, 2023, LIBR SERV, V67, P25, DOI
   10.13266/j.issn.0252-3116.2023.18.003
TI A System Dynamics Study on the Economic Contribution of Public Cultural
   Services; [公共文化服务经济贡献度的系统动力学研究]
AU Zhao Y/2; Li M/6
TC 0
SO LIBR SERV
PY 2023
AB [Purpose/Significance] It is said that public cultural services can promote
   the development of the national economy, the mechanism, measurement and
   promotion strategy of its contribution to the economy still need to be
   deeply and systematically discussed.  [Method/Process] This article used
   various statistical data in recent ten years to construct an indicator
   system for measuring the economic contribution of public cultural services.
   The system dynamics model was constructed to describe how public cultural
   services promote economic development with the results of regression
   analysis.  Vensim PLE was used to do simulation experiments for the next
   decade.  [Result/Conclusion] To increase the economic contribution of public
   cultural services, it is necessary to improve the performance of public
   financial investment on culture, increase economic transformation of public
   cultural services, reduce the lag of economic benefits of public cultural
   services, make a good plan to balance quality and growth, emphasize the
   interaction between culture and economy.  © 2023 LIS Press Co., Ltd.  All
   rights reserved.
DE economic contribution; public cultural service; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 460
AR Sangchini EK, 2021, ADV SCI TECH INNO, P25, DOI 10.1007/978-3-030-67028-3_3
TI An Integrated System Dynamics Model to Predict the Effects of Management
   Scenarios on Economic Assessment of Water and Soil Resources in Hableh-Rud
   River Basin, Iran
AU Sangchini EK; Ownegh M; Sadoddin A; Zarghami M
TC 3
SO ADV SCI TECH INNO
PY 2021
AB System dynamics modeling facilitates the integrated and sustainable
   management of soil and water resources by enhancing the understanding of
   watershed systems.  The Hableh-Rud river basin, an important watershed of
   Iran located across Tehran and Semnan provinces, was chosen for the present
   research.  Reference diagrams were created to represent causal relationships
   and feedbacks based on which the conceptual model for the integrated
   management of soil and water resources of the Hableh-Rud river basin was
   developed.  The conceptual model was then converted into a model of stocks
   and flows and run in the Vensim software.  The model is comprised of by the
   biophysical and the economic subsystems.  The main components of the
   physical subsystem include water balance, groundwater, erosion,
   sedimentation and water quality.  In the economic subsystem, total costs and
   benefits were taken into account.  Model verification was carried out
   through extreme condition tests and behavior reproduction tests.  Having the
   Nash–Sutcliffe and R2 coefficients with greater values than 0.62 and 0.63,
   respectively, model tested.  Different scenarios including vegetation
   management, climate, water resources management and cropping patterns were
   simulated, and the outputs of each scenario were compared to the outputs of
   the existing condition.  The results of scenario analyses for a 30-year
   period reveal that payment for 50% of the ecosystem services by the
   government to expand alternative jobs and reduce damage to natural resources
   was determined as the best scenario.  Scenario of payment for 25% of the
   ecosystem services by the government to expand alternative jobs and reduce
   damage to natural resources was chosen as the next best scenario.  After
   evaluating the vegetation management scenarios, it was determined that farm
   management actions were considered as the best vegetation scenario.  The
   research indicates that the system dynamic model, as an integrated approach
   for management of water resources in a basin, is pragmatic.  © 2021, The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE hableh-rud river basin; integrated water resources management; system
   dynamics; the economic situation

---

UT 461
AR He Y/2, 2023, SMART INNOV SYST TECHNOL, V260, P607, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-19-2768-3_59
TI Industrial Upgrading and Labor Employment Based on System Dynamics in China
AU He Y/2; Hao P
TC 0
SO SMART INNOV SYST TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB Stem dynamics’ perspective, Vensim PLE is built to a system dynamics
   modeling, and the paper used it to the basic analysis frame of industrial
   transformation and upgrading and labor employment.  The simulation results
   show that the model has a high-fitting degree in the actual evolution
   process of industrial transformation and upgrading and labor employment.
   Through randomly adjusting the variables of achievement conversion rate, tax
   rate, talent attraction, and policy implementation coefficient, the paper
   analyzed the change trend of gross domestic product and total labor under
   different conditions.  It verified the feasibility between the above
   variables and industrial transformation and upgrading and total labor
   employment.  The results aim to enrich the theoretical system of industrial
   upgrading and structural adjustment and provide valid and powerful
   supporting for the decisions of regional economic management.  It has
   important theoretical and practical value.  © 2023, The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE industrial upgrading; labor employment; system dynamics
ID employment; regional planning; system theory; conversion rates; evolution
   process; fitting degree; industrial transformations; industrial upgrading;
   labor employment; policy implementations; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; tax rates; taxation

---

UT 462
AR Seferidi P, 2025, LANCET REG HEAL -, V46, DOI 10.1016/j.lana.2025.101102
TI Actions against the double burden of malnutrition in Peru: a community-
   informed system dynamics model
AU Seferidi P; Guzman-Abello L; Ballard E; Creed-Kanashiro HM; Huicho L;
   Miranda JJ; Millett C; Bernabe-Ortiz A
TC 2
SO LANCET REG HEAL -
PY 2025
AB Background: Peru's progress in reducing stunting has stagnated since 2018,
   while the country is facing increasing levels of overnutrition, leading to a
   double burden of malnutrition.  However, this shift in nutrition burden is
   not reflected in Peru's nutrition policy agenda.  This study aims to
   identify leverage points for actions against population-level double burden
   of malnutrition in Peru.  Methods: We developed a system dynamics model that
   simulates changes in overweight and stunting over time in Peru through
   changes in food system drivers.  The model was conceptually informed by
   policymakers, practitioners and community members in Peru and used
   quantitative and qualitative data from secondary sources and published
   literature.  Findings: The model indicated that several overnutrition
   policies, including policies targeting food availability and affordability,
   may decelerate but not halt the increase of overweight in the country,
   mainly due to industry resistance.  However, in the long term, the
   reallocation of resources towards overnutrition policies may inadvertently
   hinder progress towards stunting targets.  Transforming nutrition policy
   governance, from siloed overnutrition and undernutrition policies towards a
   common policy framework against the double burden of malnutrition was the
   only modelled scenario that halted the rise in overnutrition, while keeping
   Peru on course to reach its stunting goals.  Interpretation: Transition away
   from policy landscapes that focus on single nutrition outcomes towards
   synergistic actions that target malnutrition in all forms is a long-term
   solution towards achieving global nutrition goals.  Such policy transitions
   are especially important in low and middle-income countries like Peru, which
   are affected by the double burden of malnutrition.  Funding: This study was
   supported by a research grant from the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences
   Research Council (BBSRC) (grant reference: BB/T009004/1). © 2025 The Authors
DE double burden of malnutrition; double-duty actions; peru; system dynamics
ID article; body mass; child; community; conceptual framework; demographics;
   disease burden; dynamics; food availability; health practitioner; human;
   information system; major clinical study; malnutrition; malnutrition
   assessment; nutrition policy; overnutrition; peru; prevalence; sensitivity
   analysis; simulation; stakeholder participation; stunting; system dynamics
   model

---

UT 463
AR Li X/9, 2021, SYST, V9, DOI 10.3390/systems9040087
TI The impact of different internet application contexts on knowledge transfer
   between enterprises
AU Li X/9; Li X/2
TC 9
SO SYST
PY 2021
AB This paper investigates the effect of different Internet application
   scenarios on the forward and reverse knowledge transfer between architecture
   enterprises and component enterprises in the context of modular production
   in manufacturing enterprises.  After dividing the Internet contexts into
   three the perspectives of Internet tools, Internet platforms, and Internet
   resources, this paper adopts a system dynamics approach to construct a
   causality model and a system flow diagram of the influence of different
   Internet contexts on the knowledge transfer between architecture enterprises
   and component enterprises, and uses Vensim PLE software to simulate and
   conduct a sensitivity analysis of the model.  The results show that the
   three Internet contexts, namely Internet tools, Internet platforms, and
   Internet resources, can promote both positive and negative knowledge
   transfer between architecture enterprises and component enterprises, and
   exhibit a steadily growing trend of promotion; Internet tools and Internet
   resources are more conducive to positive knowledge transfer from
   architecture enterprises to component enterprises, and Internet platforms
   have a stronger facilitation effect on the reverse knowledge transfer from
   the component enterprises to the architecture enterprises.  Our research
   offers useful recommendations for businesses on how to utilize various
   Internet settings to promote and assist effective knowledge transfer.  ©
   2021 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE architecture enterprises; component enterprises; internet application
   scenarios; knowledge transfer; systems dynamics

---

UT 464
AR Shi Y/3, 2022, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V22, DOI 10.1186/s12913-022-08835-0
TI Simulation of performance evaluation model for medical-elderly care
   integrated institutions based on system dynamics
AU Shi Y/3; Fan F; Zhang Z/4
TC 10
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2022
AB Background: Based on the Chinese model of medical-elderly care integration,
   this paper aims to explore the impact of different investment levels on the
   performance of the medical-elderly care integrated institutions.  Methods:
   Using the method of system dynamics, this paper establishes the performance
   evaluation model of medical-elderly care integrated institutions, sets the
   system element input, service level, and policy support as the key factors,
   and uses Vensim PLE software for simulation.  Results: The three key factors
   have different degrees of positive impact on the performance of medical-
   elderly care integrated institutions.  On the whole, policy support has the
   most significant impact on the performance of institutions, followed by the
   level of medical-elderly care integrated services.  Institutional input
   mainly has a great impact on the performance of institutions in the early
   stage.  In addition, the model simulation results also show the emergence
   effect: the improvement rate of institutional performance under the
   comprehensive simulation is higher than the sum of the improvement rates
   under the separate action of single factor.  Conclusion: Government policies
   have played an important role in promoting the development of medical-
   elderly care integrated institutions.  The service level and resource input
   can effectively promote the performance of medical-elderly care integrated
   institutions.  Institutions should formulate development strategies from a
   systematic perspective, and pay attention to the integration of "medical"
   and "elderly care" resources.  © 2022, The Author(s).
DE medical-care integration models; performance evaluation; sensitivity
   analysis; system dynamics
ID aged; asians; computer simulation; humans; patient care; policy; software;
   aged; article; attention; elderly care; government; human; investment;
   medical-care; simulation; software; asian; computer simulation; patient
   care; policy; software

---

UT 465
AR Nasirzadeh H, 2021, ENERGY POLIC, V148, DOI 10.1016/j.enpol.2020.111963
TI Investment analysis in privatization of National Iranian Drilling Company
   using systems dynamics and BWM technique
AU Nasirzadeh H; Amin-Tahmasbi H; Amoozad Khalili H
TC 13
SO ENERGY POLIC
PY 2021
AB In this study, using system dynamics approaches and multi-criteria decision-
   making, the investment analysis in the privatization of the National Iranian
   Drilling Company is investigated.  For this purpose, key variables and
   factors influencing identification privatization and causal relationships
   between these variables are plotted in two causal loop diagram, stock and
   flow diagram in systems dynamics approach.  Then the results are simulated
   in Vensim software from 2018 to 2025 and various investment scenarios for
   privatization are investigated.  Also, using multi-criteria decision-making
   approach based on BWM technique, investment priorities were identified in
   each dimension of EFQM empowerment.  The results of the system dynamics
   approach show that all aspects of privatization don't have the same impact
   on firm performance.  The results of the present study will also contribute
   to the development of research literature in the field of privatization, and
   the proposed approach of the article can be used as a tool in the hands of
   managers and government officials to show them where and on what basis they
   should start privatization.  © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
DE best  and  worst method; national iranian drilling company; privatization;
   system dynamics
ID iran; decision making; infill drilling; investments; risk assessment; system
   theory; causal loop diagrams; causal relationships; drilling company;
   government officials; investment analysis; multicriteria decision making;
   system dynamics approach; vensim softwares; decision making; drilling;
   empowerment; investment; multicriteria analysis; privatization;
   privatization

---

UT 466
AR Martínez-Soto M, 2022, PROC LACCEI INT MULTI-CONF ENG EDUC TECHNOL,
   V2022-July, DOI 10.18687/LACCEI2022.1.1.474
TI Model of Relationships between Photovoltaic Solar Energy and Agribusiness;
   [Modelo de Relaciones entre la Energía Solar Fotovoltaica y los
   Agronegocios]
AU Martínez-Soto M; Rodríguez-Monroy C; Yilsy N-G; Prado-Carpio E; Lemus-León
   E; de Lourdes Olivo-Garrido M
TC 0
SO PROC LACCEI INT MULTI-CONF ENG EDUC TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB There is an increasing use of alternative renewable energies, among them the
   application of photovoltaic solar energy, due to the variation in oil and
   coal prices, in addition to the implications of global warming.  Energy is
   one of the main variables in the function of agribusiness and one of the
   fundamental inputs in production systems.  Thus, there is a trend towards a
   paradigm shift from the farmer-aquaculturist, producer of food and raw
   materials for industry, to the farmer who produces energy, as well as food
   and agro-industrial raw materials, which encourages the diversification of
   production in the field and the generation of new sources of income for
   rural producers.  The objective of this research is to develop a
   relationships model between the photovoltaic energy and agribusiness
   constructs, in order to achieve higher levels of productivity,
   competitiveness and sustainability.  To this end, the system dynamics
   methodology was used, through the simulation software Vensim PLE ® v.  5.11.
   The main result consisted in the elaboration of the causal diagram and the
   determination of the first, second and third order influences.  It is
   concluded that: a) There is a relationship of interdependence between the
   constructs of agribusiness and photovoltaic solar energy; b) Diversified
   agroproduction is an essential construct to understand and integrate the
   interdependent relationships between photovoltaic energy and agribusiness;
   c) Public policies and knowledge management constitute two positive feedback
   loops that can accelerate the massive integration processes of photovoltaic
   energy to agribusinesses through agro-production; d) Poor final disposal of
   photovoltaic waste, conflicts over land use and overexploitation of aquifers
   for irrigation purposes represent three negative feedback loops that could
   stop and even reverse the progress that has occurred to date or that may
   occur in the future in the process of interrelationships between
   photovoltaic energy and agribusiness.  It is recommended to validate the
   model.  © 2022 Latin American and Caribbean Consortium of Engineering
   Institutions.  All rights reserved.
DE agroenergy production; competitiveness; productivity; sustainability; system
   dynamics

---

UT 467
AR Duan W, 2021, ADV PROD ENG MANAG, V16, P5, DOI 10.14743/apem2021.1.381
TI Analysis of the impact of covid-19 on the coupling of the material flow and
   capital flow in a closed-loop supply chain
AU Duan W; Ma H/2; Xu DS
TC 23
SO ADV PROD ENG MANAG
PY 2021
AB The complex and changeable external social and economic environment has a
   significant impact on the sustainable development of the closed-loop supply
   chain.  In particular, the occurrence of uncertain emergencies increases the
   risk of interruption of the closed-loop supply chain, making it insufficient
   to analyze its complex changes from the perspective of material flow alone.
   Based on this analysis, the paper constructs a closed-loop supply chain
   material flow and capital flow coupling system composed of manufacturers,
   sellers and recyclers to explore the impact of material flow sudden
   interruption on the closed-loop supply chain system when an uncertain
   emergency occurs.  In this paper, based on the closed-loop supply chain
   system coupled with logistics and capital flow, a system dynamics simulation
   model was established by using Vensim simulation software to analyze the
   impact of COVID-19 epidemic on manufacturers, sellers and recyclers under
   five scenarios.  The results show that when COVID-19 outbreaks occur, the
   material flow of each main enterprise in the closed-loop supply chain is
   more easily influenced than the capital flow.  At the same time, it can be
   found that the recyclers in the main enterprises of the closed-loop supply
   chain are more easily influenced by the material flow.  The model
   constructed in this paper has applicability and can be used for related
   studies of closed-loop supply chain under other emergencies, but the scene
   design should be carried out according to the characteristics of emergencies
   themselves.  © 2021 Production Engineering Institute.  All rights reserved.
DE capital flow; closed-loop supply chain; covid-19 epidemic; material flow;
   material-capital flows coupling; simulation; supply chain; system dynamics;
   vensim simulation software

---

UT 468
AR So NV, 2023, VIETNAM J SCI TECHNOL, V61, P1038, DOI 10.15625/2525-2518/16746
TI Modelling carbon dioxide gas emission from Notopterus chitala fish ponds by
   stella software
AU So NV; Tuan LA
TC 0
SO VIETNAM J SCI TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB The rapid development of the areas of Notopterus chitala fish ponds in Hau
   Giang province in recent years has raised a question about greenhouse gas
   emissions, in the form of total carbon dioxide equivalents (CO2e). There are
   many parameters that affect greenhouse gas emissions in a fish pond, such as
   amount of feed, dissolved oxygen (DO), chemical oxygen demand (COD) in the
   water, pH, water temperature, windy velocity and sunlight reaching the pond
   surface.  In this study, a System Thinking, Experimental Learning Laboratory
   with Animation, shortly called as Stella is applied as a visual programming
   language for system dynamics modelling in order to find the relationship
   between simulated CO2 and measured CO2 in Notopterus chitala fish pond.
   Three ponds were used for measuring average pH, temperature, feeds, DO, COD
   and phytoplankton inside the ponds while windy speed and light intensity
   data were collected from a Weather Station nearby.  The results of model
   calibration and validation showed that the Stella 8.0 can be used as
   predictable tool for the change in time of CO2 emission during 240 days of
   fishing.  Model can help fishing farmers to adjust the quantity of feeds and
   control the water quality in their Notopterus chitala fish ponds to reduce
   greenhouse gas emissions appropriately.  © 2023, Publishing House of Natural
   Science and Technology, VAST. All rights reserved.
DE carbon dioxide; greenhouse gas emission; notopterus chitala fish ponds;
   stella model; water quality

---

UT 469
AR Chen W/1, 2021, SUSTAIN, V13, DOI 10.3390/su13158546
TI What causes waterlogging?—Explore the urban waterlogging control scheme
   through system dynamics simulation
AU Chen W/1; Dong J; Yan C; Dong H/1; Liu P
TC 17
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2021
AB It is a common phenomenon in cities that waterlogging affects people’s
   normal life.  It is of great significance for targeted transformation and
   upgrading to identify the risk factors of urban waterlogging.  This paper
   collected the waterlogging data of Tianjin in China, analyzed the coupling
   mechanism among waterlogging risk factors of urban drainage systems, and
   then selected the system dynamics theory and the Vensim software as the
   analysis tools due to the mixing characteristic and the limited availability
   of data.  After that, the sensitive factors were identified by model
   simulation and sensitivity analysis, and the prominent impact of urban
   expansion on waterlogging risk was discussed.  Then, through the comparison
   of the three simulation scenarios, it was found that, compared with the
   urban development focus shifting strategy, the strategies of sponge city
   reconstruction and management optimization could achieve the risk control
   goal within a shorter time.  On this basis, two kinds of governance schemes
   with strong operability were put forward, which were the data governance
   strategy and the sponge city reconstruction strategy of giving priority to
   old urban areas.  According to the simulation results, a city can reverse
   the increasing trend of waterlogging risk within ten years under the
   appropriate scheme.  Furthermore, the paper puts forward the strategic
   reimagining of the rural revitalization strategy and the ecological
   restoration strategy for the long-term sustainable development
   transformation of Tianjin.  © 2021 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel,
   Switzerland.
DE risk factors coupling; sponge city; sustainable development; urban
   expansion; waterlogging control
ID china; tianjin; porifera; governance approach; optimization; risk factor;
   simulation; strategic approach; sustainable development; urban area; urban
   development; urban drainage; waterlogging

---

UT 470
AR Zhang C/2, 2022, INT J TECHNOL WEB ENG, V17, DOI 10.4018/IJITWE.314569
TI Autocorrelation Regression Model Analysis and Selection of Cross-Border RMB
   Settlement From 2011 to 2020
AU Zhang C/2; Hu N/2; Yan Q
TC 0
SO INT J TECHNOL WEB ENG
PY 2022
AB With China’s continuous opening to the outside world, changes in the
   international environment and the operation of the cross-border RMB
   settlement system (CIPS), the scale of cross-border RMB settlement has
   fluctuated continuously.  In response to this phenomenon, the authors
   collected and sorted out the total amount of RMB cross-border settlement and
   payments from 2011 to 2020 time sequence data in China, then use five AR
   models including ARMA, GARCH(1.1), EGARCH(1.1), PARCH(1.1), and CARCH(1.1)
   to fit.  The experimental results show that the four autocorrelation models
   all prove that the cross-border RMB settlement has autocorrelation
   relationship, and the long-term trend continues to grow up.  According to
   the precision and accuracy of the five models, the ARMA model equation is
   one optimal prediction equation.  On the basis of the ARMA model equation,
   and the establishment of the VENSIM system dynamics simulation model, the
   scale of China’s cross-border RMB settlement in the next 10 years is
   predicted.  © 2022 IGI Global.  All rights reserved.
DE autocorrelation regression model; cross-border rmb; simulation prediction
ID random processes; regression analysis; arma model; auto correlation;
   autocorrelation regression model; cross-border; cross-border rmb; model
   selection; modeling analyzes; modeling equations; regression modeling;
   simulation prediction; autocorrelation

---

UT 471
AR Jin S-Y, 2024, J KNOWL ECON, V15, P6111, DOI 10.1007/s13132-023-01368-9
TI Knowledge Transfer of China’s HSR Standards “Going Global” Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Jin S-Y; Chai H; Lee C-C
TC 1
SO J KNOWL ECON
PY 2024
AB Under “The Belt and Road” initiative, the international recognition of
   China’s high-speed railway (hereafter, HSR) standards is gradually improving
   along with China’s HSR “going global.” However, the “going global” process
   of China’s HSR standards still faces obstacles.  Therefore, how to promote
   the “going global” of China’s HSR standards has become an important research
   topic.  “Going global” of China’s HSR standards is essentially a process of
   knowledge transfer related to HSR standards.  In this study, knowledge
   transfer theory was used to identify factors related to the knowledge
   transfer of China’s HSR standards “going global.” Furthermore, a causal loop
   diagram and stock-and-flow diagram were designed using the System Dynamics
   (hereafter, SD) method.  Variable equations were constructed to
   quantitatively describe the dynamic relationship between the relevant
   factors.  Subsequently, we used VENSIM software to verify the validity of
   the constructed SD model and conducted a simulation analysis on this SD
   model.  Finally, conclusions were drawn on the influence of different
   factors on the knowledge transfer performance of China’s HSR standards
   “going global.” Among them, knowledge transfer capacity of China’s HSR
   enterprises, accepting willingness and absorptive capacity of HSR importing
   countries, the trust between two parties, and China’s manufacturing GVC
   status index all have a positive impact on the knowledge transfer
   performance of China’s HSR standards “going global.” The recessive,
   complexity, and specificity of HSR standards, the cultural distance and
   institutional distance between China’s HSR enterprises and HSR importing
   countries, and the competitor pressure faced by China’s HSR enterprises all
   have a negative impact on the knowledge transfer performance of China’s HSR
   standards “going global.” And the corresponding suggestions were put forward
   to promote the sustainable export of China’s HSR standards.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC,
   part of Springer Nature 2023.
DE chinas hsr standards; knowledge transfer; system dynamics; win-win
   cooperation; the belt and road initiative

---

UT 472
AR Lou W, 2023, J MOD, V44, P15, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1008-0821.2023.09.002
TI Mechanism Analysis on Terminology Movement in Scholarly Communication;
   [专业术语在科学交流中的运动机制研究]
AU Lou W; Zhang L; Zhang Y/1
TC 0
SO J MOD
PY 2023
AB [Purpose/Significance] Terminology serves as important media in scientific
   communication, helping scientists reach a consensus on the same concepts.
   In - depth study of the movement mechanism of terminology in scientific
   communication is helpful to reveal the stage characteristics of scientific
   development, and it's of great significance to guide scientific development
   rationally.  [Method/Process] Through theoretical research and descriptive
   statistical analysis of practical disciplines, the key elements of the
   movement of terminology were summarized and their movement model was
   designed.  Control variables were simulated by Vensim to observe the
   movement mechanism of terminology.  [Result/Conclusion] The development of
   terminology usually has three stages: reserve terms, standardization of
   terms and promotion of scientific exchange environment.  In addition, it is
   greatly influenced by the structure of terms and the interaction between
   terms.  Therefore, we should pay attention to the monitoring of terminology
   movement, provide appropriate development guidance for terminology in time,
   accelerate the process of terminology integration and the formation of
   scientific communication context, promote the steady progress of scientific
   communication, and promote the development of science.  © 2019 Journal of
   Modern Information.  All rights reserved.
DE scientific communication; system dynamics; terminology; terms

---

UT 473
AR Lutete P, 2022, J PUBLIC HEAL, V112, PS444, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.2022.306725
TI Intersectional Stigma and Prevention among Gay, Bisexual, and Same
   Gender–Loving Men in New York City, 2020: System Dynamics Models
AU Lutete P; Matthews DW; Sabounchi NS; Paige MQ; Lounsbury DW; Rodriguez N;
   Echevarria N; Usher D; Walker JJ; Dickerson A; Hillesheim J; Frye V
TC 14
SO J PUBLIC HEAL
PY 2022
AB Objectives.  To create causal loop diagrams that characterize intersectional
   stigma experiences among Black, gay, bisexual, same gender–loving, and other
   men who have sex with men and to identify intervention targets to reduce
   stigma and increase testing and prevention access.  Methods.  Between
   January and July 2020, we conducted focus groups and in-depth interviews
   with 80 expert informants in New York City, which were transcribed, coded,
   and analyzed.  These qualitative insights were developed iteratively,
   visualized, and validated in a causal loop diagram (CLD) using Vensim
   software.  Results.  The CLD revealed 3 key feedback loops—medical mistrust
   and HIV transmission, serosorting and marginalization of Black and gay
   individuals, and family support and internalized homophobia—that contribute
   to intersectional HIV and related stigmas, homophobia, and systemic racism.
   On the basis of these results, we designed 2 novel intervention components
   to integrate into an existing community-level anti-HIV stigma and homophobia
   intervention.  Conclusions.  HIV stigma, systemic racism, and homophobia
   work via feedback loops to reduce access to and uptake of HIV testing,
   prevention, and treatment.  © 2022 American Public Health Association Inc..
   All rights reserved.
ID hiv infections; hiv serosorting; homosexuality male; humans; male; new york
   city; sexual and gender minorities; trust; hiv serosorting; human; human
   immunodeficiency virus infection; male; male homosexuality; new york; sexual
   and gender minority; trust

---

UT 474
AR Rodrigues GO, 2021, INT J INNOV SUSTAIN DEV, V15, P305, DOI
   10.1504/IJISD.2021.115973
TI System dynamics to assess the financial impact through the use of recycled
   kitchen oil in solid waste collection vehicles
AU Rodrigues GO; Simonetto EDO; Arenhardt DL
TC 0
SO INT J INNOV SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2021
AB This paper aims to understand, develop and execute computational models to
   analyse the cost benefit of the use of different percentages of biodiesel in
   urban solid waste collection and to verify the biodiesel production
   viability by organisations.  For the models' development, the system
   dynamics method was used.  Mathematically, System Dynamics model is a system
   of linear equations.  Through Vensim software, it was possible to develop,
   document, simulate, and analyse the models, noting the financial impact
   caused by waste collection in seven municipalities in southern Brazil.  For
   the modelling, nine scenarios were developed and divided into 3 groups:
   simulation with different percentages of biodiesel, simulation using BIOBOT
   20 processor, and simulation through a plant construction by the company.
   As a result, it was found that, in the long term, the best scenario for the
   company analysed is the use of BIOBOT 20 processor with 15% biodiesel
   percentage, followed by the construction of its own plant, also using 15%
   biodiesel.  Results were satisfactory and met the designers' expectations.
   Copyright © 2021 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
DE biodiesel; complex systems; computational modeling; sustainability; systems
   dynamics; vensim
ID biodiesel; cost benefit analysis; oils and fats; system theory; biodiesel
   production; computational model; financial impacts; plant construction;
   solid waste collection; system dynamics model; system of linear equations;
   waste collection; solid wastes

---

UT 475
AR Liu H/3, 2021, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V28, P681, DOI
   10.1108/ECAM-01-2020-0077
TI A system dynamic approach for simulation of a knowledge transfer model of
   heterogeneous senders in mega project innovation
AU Liu H/3; Yu Y; Sun Y; Yan X/1
TC 41
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2021
AB Purpose: The owners of mega projects typically assemble multiple academic
   research units and enterprises to form an innovation alliance, which carries
   out knowledge transfer and knowledge creation targeting technical challenges
   in the process of engineering construction.  Due to high technical and
   management complexity of mega projects, factors affecting knowledge transfer
   among innovation subjects are complex and diverse.  This study proposes a
   mixed system dynamics (SD) method to build and simulate the process of
   knowledge transfer in mega projects innovation and analyzes the driving
   mechanism that enhances knowledge stock of enterprises and engineering
   innovation results.  Design/methodology/approach: First, this paper proposes
   a conceptual model for knowledge transfer in mega projects by adopting event
   analysis of the data gained from investigations and interviews.  Then, a
   qualitative model of knowledge transfer that considers mutual influences of
   the owner, academic research unit and enterprises is developed.  Based on
   that, mathematical relationship among variables of the qualitative model is
   determined and a quantitative model of knowledge transfer that considers
   heterogeneity of knowledge sender is built.  Finally, simulation is achieved
   using Vensim software.  Findings: The factors affecting knowledge stock of
   enterprises are analyzed from three aspects: (1) the individual motives and
   capability of academic research units and enterprises; (2) the gap between
   academic research units and enterprises; (3) the heterogeneity of academic
   research units.  The results show that the willingness and capability of
   knowledge reception by enterprises, specific knowledge transfer context such
   as relational distance and organization distance between academic research
   units and enterprises and academic research units with high knowledge stock
   have key influences on the knowledge stock of enterprises.  Research
   limitations/implications: Factors affecting knowledge transfer within the
   alliance of innovation in mega projects and their correlations are highly
   complicated and difficult to determine.  Despite massive investigations and
   interviews on many long-span bridges in China in this study, it is barely
   possible to directly obtain accurate data for all variables in the model.
   Limitations of historical data result in limitations on applications of the
   proposed model.  Practical implications: By building the mega projects
   knowledge transfer model and conducting simulation analysis, this paper has
   generated practical values for the owners of mega projects on fostering,
   organizing, coordinating and managing of innovations.  Especially, this
   study provides specific strategies and suggestions on selection of
   innovation subjects, motivation and guaranteed efficiency of knowledge
   transfer and knowledge creation of academic research units and enterprises.
   Originality/value: This study proposes a conceptual model for factors
   affecting knowledge transfer that applies to innovations in mega project
   context, which fills the gap in the research of knowledge management in mega
   project innovations.  Additionally, combining with the method of SD, the
   unique role of owner in knowledge transfer of mega projects and the
   differences among various knowledge senders and their influences on
   knowledge stocks of enterprises are thoroughly considered, and the research
   method of modeling and simulation of knowledge transfer mechanism is
   supplemented and extended.  © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE driving mechanism; influencing factors; innovations in mega projects;
   knowledge transfers; partner heterogeneity; system dynamics
ID computer software; academic research unit; design/methodology/approach;
   engineering constructions; engineering innovations; knowledge transfer
   model; management complexity; mathematical relationship; quantitative
   modeling; knowledge management

---

UT 476
AR Blumberga A, 2024, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V41, P876, DOI 10.1002/sres.3074
TI Using an interactive simulation tool of national energy and climate policy
   planning to explore environmental policy options from the perspectives of
   different interest groups
AU Blumberga A
TC 3
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2024
AB To reach the Paris Agreement goals, European governments have defined
   national contributions to the EU binding climate goals and have developed
   national climate and energy plans for 2021–2030 (NECPs). NECPs are detailed
   strategies in which governments can flexibly emphasize specific sectors,
   technologies and national energy policy choices.  Every country has built
   its own energy modelling capacity for forecasting purposes.  In most
   countries, this national modelling relies on optimization tools such as
   Markal or TIMES. For Latvia's energy sector, a system dynamics (SD) model
   was built to complement the TIMES model.  The SD model deals with an
   integrated energy system, including the primary energy supply and
   transformation sector; energy distribution and storage system; and energy
   demand sectors (residential, tertiary, public, industry and transportation).
   Sectoral policies are presented in the Stella Architect interface.  This
   study demonstrates how the interactive simulation tool was used in the
   Environmental Engineering Master level course ‘Environmental Policy and
   Economics’ as an experiential learning approach.  The student assignment
   involved applying this tool to develop and analyse the energy transition
   policy package for one of four ideological interest groups: deep greens,
   bright greens, light greens and greys.  Students had to assume a role and
   adopt its perspective by applying their border-crossing competence and
   reflecting on selected policy mixes for that ideology.  Various transition
   pathways, based on different ideologies, illustrate the possibilities for
   application.  Results show that students were successful in fulfilling the
   assignment.  © 2024 The Author(s). Systems Research and Behavioral Science
   published by International Federation for Systems Research and John Wiley &
   Sons Ltd.
DE energy and climate policy; interactive simulation tool; system dynamics
ID energy and climate policies; environmental policy; interactive simulation
   tool; interactive simulations; interest groups; national energy policy;
   policy options; policy planning; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling;
   clean energy

---

UT 477
AR Yang Q/1, 2021, PROC IEEE INT CONF CIV AVIAT SAF TECHNOL ICCASIT, P614, DOI
   10.1109/ICCASIT53235.2021.9633389
TI Information System Computer Dynamics Simulation of the Water Traffic
   Emergency Rescue by Vensim Software
AU Yang Q/1; Li M/1
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF CIV AVIAT SAF TECHNOL ICCASIT
PY 2021
AB With the increasing frequency of water traffic, the occurrence frequency of
   water traffic crisis is also increasing, and the emergency rescue work has
   been paid more and more attention.  In this paper, based on the dynamic
   rescue process and static influencing factors of water traffic emergency
   rescue, the system dynamics (SD) method is used to construct the water
   traffic emergency rescue system model.  Through literature review and field
   research, the dynamic rescue process mainly includes risk situation
   confirmation, emergency response, rescue operations and emergency aftermath;
   Static influencing factors mainly include emergency response system,
   emergency legal system, plan construction, favorable environment, personnel
   quality, and emergency resources.  The size of model parameters is
   determined by practical cases and the model is verified by Vensim software.
   Simulation results show that: The emergency rescue system model based on the
   system dynamics can reveal the water traffic emergency rescue process and
   show the changing trend of the rescue level over time.  © 2021 IEEE
DE dynamic rescue process; static impact factors; system dynamics; water
   traffic crisis events
ID computer software; emergency services; crisis events; dynamic rescue
   process; emergency rescue; impact factor; rescue process; rescue systems;
   static impact factor; system models; vensim softwares; water traffic crisis
   event; system theory

---

UT 478
AR Concepcion A, 2023, ASEAN ENG J, V13, P69, DOI 10.11113/aej.V13.19251
TI MODELING THE SPREAD OF FAKE NEWS ON SOCIAL NETWORKING SITES USING THE SYSTEM
   DYNAMICS APPROACH
AU Concepcion A; Sy C
TC 4
SO ASEAN ENG J
PY 2023
AB The problem of false news online has continued to worsen, especially after
   witnessing significant events around the world unfold, such as the 2018
   Cambridge Analytica scandal, COVID-19 pandemic, to the 2021 January 6th
   Insurrection at the US Capitol.  False information online has distorted
   online users’ perception of the real world.  As daily life is more
   intertwined with the digital world, false news becomes a more urgent concern
   because of the way it can shape public opinion.  This study presents a rumor
   propagation model, which was based on epidemiological models, to address the
   spread of false news on social networking sites.  The existing model was
   expanded on the STELLA software to consider the cognitive process of users
   when encountering false news, the platform in which the false news spreads,
   and the relationship of false news with online users.  Simulations showed
   that Confirmation Bias, Sharing of Posts, and Algorithmic Ranking were the
   three critical variables of the model.  It was found that possible
   interventions include a mix of reducing the bias of users at a wide-scale
   level and restructuring the SNS algorithm.  © 2023 Penerbit UTM Press.  All
   rights reserved.
DE disinformation; fake news; simulation; social media; system dynamics

---

UT 479
AR He Q, 2023, ENV SCI, V11, DOI 10.3389/fenvs.2023.1149661
TI Study on micro-mechanism of the affordable housing community in urban
   renewal the case of Zunyi city, Guizhou province
AU He Q; Yang J/2; Gong L
TC 1
SO ENV SCI
PY 2023
AB Introduction: Affordable housing in China refers to housing with social
   security for low and middle income people under the unified planning and
   coordination of the government.  In the process of urbanization, the
   construction of affordable housing and commercial housing should be
   developed in parallel, but under the role of the real estate market economy,
   the development of the two is unbalanced, resulting in a disparity in
   quantity, a large gap in quality, unreasonable management, and even
   residential segregation.  The construction and development of China's
   affordable housing community is a huge and complex systemic project.  This
   study focuses on a series of problems in the relationship between supply and
   demand of affordable housing based only on the development context of urban
   renewal at this stage.  Methods: Based on existing literature and official
   data, combined with field visits and research, this study uses Vensim PLE
   software to build a system model for converting various types of stock into
   affordable housing, and to investigate the effect of various policies on
   solving the problem of supply and demand of affordable housing.  Results:
   The research results show that 1) the policies stimulate the increase of
   urban population and help promote the supply cycle of affordable housing; 2)
   under the stimulation of the supply policy of converting stock housing into
   affordable housing, social investment will improve by 33%–64% and the gap of
   affordable housing will decrease by 29%–58%; 3) under the stimulation of the
   policy of optimizing the management of affordable housing, the coverage rate
   of affordable population will improve by 3%–5% and the middle and low income
   households’ per capita housing floor area will increase by 9%–18% l; 4)
   under the comprehensive influence of the combined policies, the urban
   population will grow healthily, the per capita income and per capita housing
   floor area of low- and middle- income people will be improved, the stock of
   housing will be reduced, the number of affordable housing will increase, the
   affordable housing gap will be reduced, and the affordable housing community
   will be developed sustainably and healthily.  Meaning: The research results
   and recommendations will provide references for the government and competent
   authorities to enact or update the policies on affordable housing.
   Copyright © 2023 He, Yang and Gong.
DE affordable housing community; micro-mechanism; sustainable development;
   system dynamics; urban renewal

---

UT 480
AR [Anonymous], 2022, STUD THEORY APPL, V45, P128, DOI
   10.16353/j.cnki.1000-7490.2022.12.017
TI Research on System Dynamics Simulation of Science and Technology Think Tank
   Intelligence Service Mechanism Based on Big Data Thinking;
   [基于大数据思维的科技智库情报服务机制系统动力学仿真研究]
TC 5
SO STUD THEORY APPL
PY 2022
AB [Purpose/ significance] The Science and Technology Think Tank Intelligence
   Service is the key link between think tank users and intelligence products.
   It is of great significance for improving the competitiveness of science and
   technology think tanks on the basis of big data thinking and the innovation
   of think tank intelligence service mode.  [Method/ process] In this paper, a
   model of intelligence service mechanism of science and technology think
   tanks based on big data thinking is proposed, based on which, a system
   dynamics model is applied, and Vensim PLE software is used for simulation
   operation and sensitivity analysis.  [Result/ conclusion] The proposed
   system dynamics model can better reflect the actual situation of science and
   technology think tank intelligence service under the guidance of big data
   thinking, and reveal the system structure and dynamic evolution law of think
   tank intelligence service mechanism, which is helpful for the construction
   of science and technology think tank intelligence service, and providing
   method reference and theoretical guidance.  © 2022 Information studies:
   Theory and Application.  All rights reserved.
DE big data thinking; science and technology think tank; simulation; system
   dynamics; think tank intelligence service

---

UT 481
AR Xu L/1, 2021, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P49, DOI 10.1145/3503491.3503499
TI System Dynamics Modeling and Simulation Analysis on Airport Competitiveness
AU Xu L/1; Yao H/1; Liu X/6; Zhang Q
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2021
AB This paper uses the system dynamics to divide the system dynamics model of
   airport competitiveness into competitive strength, competitive potential,
   environment and policy subsystems, and uses Vensim software to draw the
   causality diagram and stock Flow chart.  This paper takes Guangzhou Baiyun
   International Airport as an example to simulate the development trend of the
   airport competitiveness from 2021 to 2030. The results show that the
   improvement of competitive environment has the most significant impact on
   the comprehensive competitiveness, the second is competitive strength, the
   third is competitive potential.  Finally, according to the scenario
   simulation analysis, managerial suggestions are put forward for the
   improvement of the airport comprehensive competitiveness.  © 2021 ACM.
DE airport competitiveness; guangzhou baiyun international airport; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID airports; system theory; airport competitiveness; comprehensive
   competitiveness; dynamic model analysis; dynamic simulation analysis;
   guangzhou; guangzhou baiyun international airport; international airport;
   system dynamics; system dynamics modeling and simulations; vensim;
   competition

---

UT 482
AR Nozari H, 2021, J HYDROINFORMATICS, V23, P211, DOI 10.2166/HYDRO.2020.294
TI Simulation and optimization of control system operation and surface water
   allocation based on system dynamics modeling
AU Nozari H; Moradi P; Godarzi E
TC 13
SO J HYDROINFORMATICS
PY 2021
AB In the present study, the performance of Dez Reservoir, its regulatory and
   downstream diversion dams are studied using the system dynamics method (SD)
   in the Vensim software.  In the first step, all the effective parameters
   with their relationship were identified and then the simulation was carried
   out considering the minimum and maximum reservoir volume and downstream
   demand over an eight-year period (2006 2013). After model validation, the
   statistical indices of correlation coefficient (R2), root mean square error
   (RMSE), and standard error (SE) for the reservoir volume were calculated as
   0.99, 3.1690, and 0.18, respectively.  The statistical indices for the
   regulatory dam were 0.98, 7.51, and 0.13, respectively.  These statistical
   indices were 0.92, 4.71, and 0.37 for the diversion dam.  The achieved
   results showed that the SD-simulated releases met downstream demands and the
   SD method has high accuracy in simulating the performance of the surface
   tank system.  Moreover, for a better evaluation of the results of the SD
   model, the eight-year Dez dam releases were optimized using the particle
   swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm, and the required deficiency values were
   evaluated in both SD and PSO models.  Results showed that SD provides more
   appropriate planning in meeting the downstream demands than PSO. © 2021 IWA
   Publishing.  All rights reserved.
DE dez diversion dam; optimization; regulatory dam; simulation; system
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 483
AR Rajaei A, 2023, SMART GRID CONF SGC, DOI 10.1109/SGC61621.2023.10459302
TI An Energy Efficiency Model for Energy Management of a Smart Building Based
   on System Dynamics Approach
AU Rajaei A; Gholipour F; Abdollahi A; Rashidinejad M
TC 2
SO SMART GRID CONF SGC
PY 2023
AB Enhancing building energy efficiency represents a key avenue for diminishing
   energy consumption while upholding service quality and energy accessibility
   levels.  The energy efficiency of a building hinges upon factors such as
   lighting technology, the effectiveness of household appliances, the
   efficiency of the HVAC (Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning) system,
   and the integration of renewable energy sources.  This research endeavors to
   construct a model for evaluating the energy efficiency of an intelligent
   building, incorporating both electrical and thermal photovoltaic systems to
   fulfill a portion of the building's energy requirements.  Additionally, a
   variety of consumption technologies have been employed, alongside meticulous
   building orientation, to implement a natural lighting strategy.  To
   commence, meteorological data is collected and the photovoltaic system's
   output is computed using the SAM (System Advisor Model) software.
   Subsequently, a system dynamics approach is adopted to simulate the proposed
   model through the use of Vensim software.  The energy efficiency is
   optimized by CPLEX solver in GAMS software.  The outcomes indicate a
   noteworthy increase in energy efficiency following the implementation of
   energy efficiency initiatives, such as the adoption of energy-saving
   lightbulbs and high-efficiency household appliances.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE energy efficiency; energy-saving technologies; renewable energies; smart
   building; system dynamics approach
ID air conditioning; domestic appliances; energy utilization; intelligent
   buildings; lighting; meteorology; renewable energy; system theory; building
   energy efficiency; efficiency models; energy; energy-savings technologies;
   energy consumption; lighting technology; photovoltaic systems; renewable
   energies; service quality; system dynamics approach; energy efficiency

---

UT 484
AR Zhou R, 2023, ADV AERONAUT SCI ENG, V14, P124, DOI
   10.16615/j.cnki.1674-8190.2023.04.14
TI Study on maintenance，repair and operation strategy of aeroengine enterprise
   in specific scenarios; [特 定 情 景 下 的 航 空 发 动 机 企 业 维 修 保 障 策 略 研 究]
AU Zhou R; Peng S; Li Y/5; Wang X/7; Wu B; Liu X/1; Lei T
TC 0
SO ADV AERONAUT SCI ENG
PY 2023
AB There are numerous factors influencing aeroengine maintenance，repair and
   operation（MRO）quality and cost，where their relationship is complicated，and
   the research focused on maintenance optimization under specific scenarios of
   aeroengine maintenance enterprises is quite limited.  In order to clarify
   the relationship between the factors affecting maintenance guarantee
   process，the MRO process is systematically modeled，including main body of
   procedure，flight time statistics，human resources，performance evaluation and
   maintenance cost.  Two practical application scenarios of enterprise
   including human resource quality control and performance oriented are
   investigated by using the principle of system dynamics and grey wolf
   optimization algorithm assisted by Vensim and MAT-LAB，which reveals the
   importance of human resource quality，employee satisfaction and planned
   maintenance.  In consideration of the actual impact of various factors on
   aeroengine maintenance，the established model and obtained optimal
   maintenance process strategy is feasible and effective.  © 2023 Editorial
   Department of Advances in Aeronautical Science and Engineering.  All rights
   reserved.
DE equipment performance; gray wolf optimization algorithm; human resource
   quality; maintenance; operation strategy; repair; system dynamics model

---

UT 485
AR Lv F, 2024, ENV SCI, V12, DOI 10.3389/fenvs.2024.1400717
TI Simulating the effect of haze management using system dynamics: a case study
   of Beijing
AU Lv F; Lu Y/3; Tang H
TC 3
SO ENV SCI
PY 2024
AB Haze is a pollution phenomenon that has become increasingly frequent in
   recent years, primarily composed of SO2, NOx, and particulate matter.  Since
   the “PM2.5 Crisis” in 2013, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region has been
   plagued by haze.  After a series of high-intensity management activities,
   the air quality in Beijing has continued to improve.  To investigate the
   effectiveness of the haze control measures in Beijing, a dynamic management
   model was constructed using the system dynamics approach and implemented
   using Stella software.  The model is simulated and evaluated the
   contribution to different governance strategies (increasing investment in
   science and technology innovation, reducing motor vehicle ownership,
   reducing coal consumption, and a combination policy) to reduce haze in
   Beijing from 2010 to 2025. The validity and robustness of the model were
   verified through model testing and validation.  The simulation results
   showed that: (1) the combination policy has the most significant effect on
   reducing energy consumption and pollution emissions, which would reduce
   energy consumption by 38.93 million tons and pollution emissions by 128.33
   thousand tons in 2025, (2) among the single treatment measures, reducing
   industrial coal consumption is the most effective measure to reducing haze,
   (3) it is necessary to strengthen the joint prevention and control of the
   Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region in the future to promote the sustainable
   development of the regional environment.  Copyright © 2024 Lv, Lu and Tang.
DE combination policy; governance effect; haze management; sustainable
   development; system dynamics model

---

UT 486
AR Martínez-Valderrama J, 2023, METHODSX, V10, DOI 10.1016/j.mex.2023.102044
TI Implementing climate change projections in System Dynamics models
AU Martínez-Valderrama J; Ibáñez J
TC 5
SO METHODSX
PY 2023
AB Desertification is the degradation of drylands, which occupy an increasing
   proportion of the Earth's surface due to global warming.  It is currently
   the most extensive biome on Earth, occupying 45% and one out of every three
   inhabitants of the planet live in them.  One of the most effective ways to
   face desertification, as Land Degradation Neutrality points out, is
   prevention.  For this purpose, simulation models are very useful tools.
   Specifically, System Dynamics models are particularly effective, since they
   allow bringing together the biophysical and socioeconomic variables involved
   in the formation of the problem.  These integrative models, coupled with
   other tools such as sensitivity analyses, are used to generate
   desertification early warning indicators.  The objective of this programming
   routine is to implement climate change scenarios in these simulation models.
   The script presented here was used to evaluate the sensitivity of dehesa
   rangelands productivity to the increase in the frequency and intensity of
   droughts due to climate change.  • Integrated simulation models are useful
   tools to understand complex socioecosystems.  • Land-use changes foster the
   alteration of key hydro-bio-geochemical processes.  • By means of automated
   import processes and data analysis programming, it is possible to implement
   desertification early warning systems.  © 2023 The Author(s)
DE aemet; anova; desertification; droughts; sensitivity analysis; vensim
ID analysis of variance; article; climate change; data analysis;
   desertification; drought; land use; productivity; rangeland; sensitivity
   analysis; simulation

---

UT 487
AR Prieto-Medrano CG, 2024, PROC INT ANNU CONF ANNU MEET ENG MANAG RID WAVES
   SMART SYST ASEM, P99
TI A GENERALIZED, INDUCED PROTOCOL FOR SYSTEM DYNAMICS MODEL REPLICATION IN AN
   ALTERNATIVE SOFTWARE
AU Prieto-Medrano CG; Elizondo-Noriega A/1; Tiruvengadam N; Güemes-Castorena D
TC 0
SO PROC INT ANNU CONF ANNU MEET ENG MANAG RID WAVES SMART SYST ASEM
PY 2024
AB The ability to simulate is influenced considerably by the software
   technology available to the modeler.  The access, availability, and use of
   simulation software are, in turn, affected by cost considerations,
   geographical constraints of access owing to the location of modelers,
   multilingual capabilities of the software, and compatibility of simulation
   software with local technology infrastructure, among other factors.  Given
   that new knowledge can only be built upon existing knowledge, the
   replicability of existing models is of paramount importance.  In addition,
   the ability to replicate needs to be independent of the availability of the
   software technology used to build the original model.  In our endeavor to
   replicate a model in different software, we have induced a generic protocol
   that modelers can use to guide them in a similar endeavor concerning System
   Dynamics simulation.  Copyright © American Society for Engineering
   Management, 2024.
DE model replication; protocol; simulink; system dynamics; vensim
ID multiprocessing programs; costs consideration; local technologies; model
   replication; multilingual capability; simulation software; simulink;
   software technology; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; vensim;
   system theory

---

UT 488
AR Goudarzi Z, 2024, DARU J PHARM SCI, V32, P25, DOI 10.1007/s40199-023-00483-x
TI Towards greater impact in health technology assessment: System dynamic
   approach for new and emerging technologies in Iran
AU Goudarzi Z; Marzaleh MA; Nikfar S; Kebriaeezadeh A; Zenouz RY; Abdollahiasl
   A; Nouhi M
TC 1
SO DARU J PHARM SCI
PY 2024
AB Purpose: As classical health technology assessment models fail to predict
   the complexities of related impacts, the application of modeling techniques
   such as systems dynamics simulation (SD) is essential.  This study aimed to
   develop an SD model to predict the outcomes of access to a new medicine in
   Iran.  Methods: This study extracted the important and influential variables
   in providing access to new pharmaceutical technologies by comprehensively
   reviewing previous research and combining the technical knowledge of experts
   in this field.  The variables were incorporated into the systems thinking
   framework and modeled using dynamic systems tools, followed by simulation
   and testing in VENSIM. The model was piloted for deferoxamine and
   deferasirox in thalassemia.  Various tests were used to evaluate the
   validity and reliability of the model.  The model was designed for a ten-
   year horizon (2018–2028) for medicines selected as the pilot.  Results: The
   variables extracted from the panel of experts encompassed the primary and
   short-term impacts of access to newly emerged medicine and long-term impacts
   regarding the economy, health, and society. After modeling, the leverage
   points presented for the problem with the greatest impact or effectiveness
   in access to new medicine included the policy determining the amount of
   medicine supply, the import and production of medicine, the prevalence and
   incidence of disease, insurance coverage, and treatment adherence.
   Conclusion: The SD models allow the researchers to evaluate the efficiency
   and health outcomes of a new pharmaceutical more precisely in the health
   system in Iran.  Graphical abstract: (Figure presented.) © The Author(s),
   under exclusive licence to Tehran University of Medical Sciences 2023.
DE dynamic modeling; health technology assessment; horizon scanning; new
   medicine
ID humans; iran; technology assessment biomedical; deferasirox; deferoxamine;
   article; biomedical technology assessment; economic aspect; health care
   access; health insurance; human; iran; life expectancy; morbidity; outcome
   assessment; patient compliance; prevalence; quality of life; reliability;
   simulation; thalassemia; validity

---

UT 489
AR Afanin SS, 2022, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V972, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/972/1/012081
TI System Dynamics Modelling in Determining Scenario of Oil Distribution
   Balikpapan - Samarinda
AU Afanin SS; Handani DW; Pratiwi E; Ariana IM
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2022
AB East Kalimantan will be designated as the Ibu Kota Negara (IKN) of
   Indonesia.  Energy consumption is predicted to increase, but based on Badan
   Perencanaan Pembangunan Nasional (Bappenas), fuel consumption will slowly be
   converted to gas.  Previously, the process of fulfilling fuel needs in East
   Kalimantan was fulfilled using tankers, but with the issue of IKN, the
   government will build oil pipe Balikpapan - Samarinda that distribute fuel
   from TBBM Tanjung Batu to TBBM Samarinda and TBBM Palaran This research is
   for determine which scenario are efficient to distribute the fuel using
   forecasting methods with trend analysis, exponential smoothing, and moving
   average, while Powersim Studio 8 software is used for system dynamics
   modelling.  With the help of this application, 6 alternative scenarios are
   made based on the tank capacity of each TBBM to find out the least amount of
   pigging.  From the simulation, it was found that the second alternative is
   the most efficient for the process of distributing fuel.  Where the results
   of the simulation process obtained pigging of 58 times/year with the
   capacity of gasoil TBBM Palaran 10000 kl, gasoil TBBM Samarinda 12306 kl and
   the gasoline is 14562 kl.  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.

---

UT 490
AR Li F, 2022, ARAB J SCI ENG, V47, P3945, DOI 10.1007/s13369-021-06264-5
TI Evolutionary Game Analysis of Information Sharing Among Closed-loop Supply
   Chain Members in Cloud Environment
AU Li F; Qian X; Kong J; Luo Z
TC 21
SO ARAB J SCI ENG
PY 2022
AB The problem of information asymmetry has become the main reason for the
   inefficiency of the closed-loop supply chain (CLSC). This article is based
   on the idea of cloud manufacturing and provides a framework for information
   exchange and sharing between various entities in the form of distributed
   networking.  With the participation of the government, the research on the
   information-sharing enthusiasm of remanufacturers and recyclers in CLSC and
   its influencing factors is combined with evolutionary game theory and system
   dynamics.  Under the premise of bounded rationality, a tripartite
   evolutionary game model is constructed, and equilibrium analysis is carried
   out.  On this basis, based on the principles of system dynamics, Vensim is
   used to simulate the evolutionary game process dynamically, and the
   influence of parameter changes on information-sharing enthusiasm and
   strategy selection is discussed.  In addition, a closed-loop supply chain SD
   model in cloud environment is established to prove its role in information
   sharing.  The research results show that the strategic choices of CLSC
   members are affected by multiple external variables.  Factors such as
   government supervision, sharing costs, information security, and enterprise
   alliances play a key role in companies adopting cloud manufacturing models
   for remanufacturing activities.  © 2021, King Fahd University of Petroleum &
   Minerals.
DE asymmetric information; closed-loop supply chain; cloud manufacturing;
   evolutionary game theory; system dynamic

---

UT 491
AR Zhao B, 2025, DIABETES METAB SYNDR OBES, V18, P4035, DOI
   10.2147/DMSO.S545478
TI The Role of Growth Mindset and Self-Control Strategies Between Outcome
   Experiences and Physical Activity: Insights from Structural Equation Model
   and System Dynamics
AU Zhao B; Zhang S/2; Zhang W/3; Zheng S; Fu Y/1; Wu Q; Huang X; Shao J
TC 0
SO DIABETES METAB SYNDR OBES
PY 2025
AB Background: Outcome experiences have been recognized as a prominent
   predictor of physical activity engagement and maintenance in adults with
   obesity, while the underlying mechanisms remain unclear.  This study aims to
   investigate and elucidate whether and how growth mindset and self-control
   strategies serve as modifiable mediators in this relationship.  Methods: A
   cross-sectional study was conducted using stratified sampling, enrolling 209
   adults with obesity.  Logistic regression, structural equation modeling,
   system dynamics modeling, and simulation interventions were employed to test
   the hypothesized mediation model.  Results: Outcome experiences were
   directly and significantly associated with physical activity (β = 0.247, P <
   0.01). This association was significantly mediated by growth mindset
   (indirect effect =0.055, 95% CI [0.034, 0.122]), whereas the mediation role
   of self-control strategies was not statistically significant (indirect
   effect = 0.011, 95% CI [−0.027, 0.059]). Notably, a chained mediating effect
   was observed, with growth mindset and self-control strategies jointly
   mediating the relationship between outcome experiences and physical activity
   (indirect effect = 0.011, 95% CI [0.004, 0.038]). Together, these mediators
   explained 23.77% of the total variance in physical activity.  Simulation
   intervention further evidenced that reinforcing growth mindset and self-
   control strategies, particularly in combination, can generate sustained
   improvement in the trajectory of PA engagement.  Conclusion: Although
   outcome experiences are resistant to change, their impact on physical
   activity can be modulated through adaptive psychological mechanisms,
   including growth mindset and self-control strategies.  Interventions
   targeting these modifiable factors offer a promising pathway to promote
   physical activity among adults with obesity, especially those affected by
   negative past experiences.  However, given the cross-sectional design of
   this study, causal inferences are limited, and the intervention
   recommendations remain preliminary, necessitating further validation through
   longitudinal and experimental research.  © 2025 Zhao et al.
DE growth mindset; obesity; physical activity; self-control; system dynamics;
   weight loss
ID adult; article; body mass; body weight loss; construct validity; control
   strategy; cronbach alpha coefficient; cross-sectional study; dynamics;
   female; graduate student; growth; human; internal consistency; international
   physical activity questionnaire short form; likert scale; logistic
   regression analysis; major clinical study; male; metabolic equivalent;
   obesity; outcome assessment; physical activity; questionnaire; reliability;
   self-control; structural equation modeling; system dynamics

---

UT 492
AR Li L/1, 2023, J ENV PLANN MANAG, V66, P2576, DOI
   10.1080/09640568.2022.2076068
TI Environmental infrastructure and urban residents’ well-being: a system
   dynamics approach
AU Li L/1; Zheng Y; Ma S; Li M/7
TC 14
SO J ENV PLANN MANAG
PY 2023
AB The continuous expansion of environmental infrastructure systems plays a
   crucial role in urban sustainable development.  While bringing significant
   environmental benefits, it also has negative impacts on the improvement of
   residents’ well-being (such as the ‘not in my backyard’ phenomenon). In this
   study, the system dynamics (SD) methodology is used to dissect the complex
   interactions between environmental infrastructure and urban residents’ well-
   being.  Using Vensim modeling software and Chinese data from 2014–2019, this
   study designs basic and extended scenarios to discover urban environmental
   infrastructure development measures that effectively contribute to
   residents’ well-being.  The simulation results reveal that, in the basic
   scenarios, the pattern focusing on environmental protection and resource-
   saving development is effective, while the collaborative development may
   have more long-term value.  In comparison, in the extended scenarios,
   developing energy supply and pollution treatment facilities can effectively
   improve urban residents’ subjective well-being.  But there are more factors
   to consider when planning urban green infrastructure.  © 2022 Newcastle
   University.
DE environmental infrastructure; scenario analysis; subjective well-being;
   system dynamics
ID environmental protection; infrastructure; scenario analysis; sustainable
   development; urban planning

---

UT 493
AR Li X/8, 2022, SUSTAIN, V14, DOI 10.3390/su14031343
TI Study on Evacuation Behavior of Urban Underground Complex in Fire Emergency
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Li X/8; Chen W/2; Wang C/5; Kassem MA
TC 35
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2022
AB During a fire evacuation, long lateral evacuation distances, large crowds
   waiting for evacuation at the same level, and easily panicked populations
   are common.  This research aimed to look into the large-scale evacuation
   behavior of urban underground complexes with limited evacuation and egress
   during a fire.  A simplified model for large-scale group evacuation of urban
   subsurface complexes was constructed using system dynamics theory.  The
   Vensim software was used for quantitative simulation.  The model could
   represent the typical phenomenon of group evacuation behaviors, such as
   quick or slow, under seven operating situations with total initial numbers
   of 350, 400, 450, 500, 1000, 2000, and 4000. The results of an analysis of
   critical affecting factors show “total initial number” and “panic state”
   during a large-scale group evacuation: a large beginning population will
   result in a rapid reduction in system evacuation capability, delaying the
   completion of the evacuation process significantly; meanwhile, if the level
   of panic is deficient, the system’s evacuation efficiency will remain low
   for an extended period, making it difficult to evacuate trapped persons
   promptly.  According to the findings, the developed system dynamics model,
   which combines the advantages of a continuous model with the advantages of a
   discrete model, is very accurate.  At the same time, we should emphasize the
   importance of the evacuation guide and reinforce the fire education and
   behavior drills for the building’s workers.  This research presents a
   simplified model for the evacuation of large groups of people from
   metropolitan underground complexes.  Furthermore, the findings may give
   theoretical support for the development of rules and safety management
   practices.  © 2022 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE emergency evacuation; evacuation behavior; fire emergency; system dynamics
   theory; urban underground complex
ID education; fire behavior; quantitative analysis; theoretical study; urban
   area

---

UT 494
AR Khan S/2, 2023, E3S WEB CONF, V430, DOI 10.1051/e3sconf/202343001176
TI Modelling the Impact of Road Dust on Air Pollution: A Sustainable System
   Dynamics Approach
AU Khan S/2; Hassan Q; Kumar K; Dixit S; Sharma K; Vivek Kumar C; Dhaliwal N;
   Madhu B
TC 17
SO E3S WEB CONF
PY 2023
AB Road dust contributes significantly to air pollution by releasing fine
   particulate matter (PM) and other pollutants into the air, which can cause
   respiratory and cardiovascular problems and premature death.  This dust is
   generated through the wear and tear of vehicle tires and road surfaces, as
   well as the accumulation of dirt and debris on the road, primarily from
   construction activities and cargo trucks carrying building materials.  Wind,
   weather conditions, and vehicle movement play crucial roles in the
   distribution and concentration of these particles in the air.  To address
   this issue, this paper focuses on identifying various variables that are
   connected to road dust operations and their interrelationships with air
   pollution variables, representing the dynamic pattern of the entire system.
   The paper proposes the establishment of a sustainable causal-loop model
   using system dynamics (SD) modeling in Vensim, connecting feedback
   mechanisms to effectively control the road dust concentration.
   Additionally, the paper suggests different policy interventions applied to
   the whole system to achieve optimized results.  In the future, this research
   aims to convert and simulate the causal-loop model to a stock-flow model and
   compare the effectiveness of different policy interventions to further
   reduce road dust contributing to air pollution.  © 2023 EDP Sciences.  All
   rights reserved.
DE air pollution; construction activities; modeling; road dust; sustainable
   approach; system dynamics

---

UT 495
AR De Silva MM, 2024, TRANSP POLIC, V147, P244, DOI
   10.1016/j.tranpol.2024.01.004
TI A system dynamics model for vehicle fleet transformation towards energy
   efficiency and low-carbon development: A case study of Sri Lanka and its
   strategies
AU De Silva MM; Herath OK; Nakayama T; Kumarage AS
TC 6
SO TRANSP POLIC
PY 2024
AB Improving the energy efficiency of a vehicle fleet is a complex task that
   can be identified as having multiple variables and nonlinear feedback loops
   influenced by different mobility, socio-economical, and environmental
   factors.  Due to the prevailing concerns on the fuel economy and vehicular
   emissions, formulating a clear policy for electric and other alternative
   mobility forms requires a clear decision support tool to adequately consider
   the complexities involved.  This paper presents a novel System Dynamics (SD)
   approach based on the cause-and-effect analysis and feedback loop structures
   as a suitable tool.  The proposed SD model comprises four sub-models: socio-
   economic, new vehicle registrations, environmental influence, and fuel
   economy and e-mobility policy measures.  The study presents the analysis of
   historical data and results from the impact analysis of fuel economy
   policies in Sri Lanka, including the introduction of electric mobility.  The
   authors leveraged the Vensim SD software package for modelling, expert-in-
   the-loop sensitivity analysis and optimization.  Three strategic fuel
   economy and e-mobility policy intervention scenarios have been developed to
   estimate the forecasted fuel economy for Four-Wheeled Passenger Vehicles
   (FWPVs) as per strategic interventions to change the fuel type of new
   vehicles registered.  It is shown that hybrid and electric FWPVs can improve
   fuel economy by between 13 and 39% by 2030. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
DE e-mobility policies; energy efficiency modeling; new vehicle registrations;
   system dynamics; vehicle ownership
ID sri lanka; carbon; decision support systems; economic and social effects;
   fleet operations; fuel economy; nonlinear feedback; sensitivity analysis;
   system theory; e mobilities; e-mobility policy; efficiency models; energy
   efficiency modeling; mobility policies; new vehicle registration; system
   dynamics; system dynamics modeling; vehicle ownership; vehicle registration;
   car ownership; electric vehicle; energy efficiency; environmental factor;
   sensitivity analysis; software; energy efficiency

---

UT 496
AR Purwanto A, 2021, SUSTAIN PROD CONSUM, V25, P198, DOI
   10.1016/j.spc.2020.08.009
TI Quantitative simulation of the water-energy-food (WEF) security nexus in a
   local planning context in indonesia
AU Purwanto A; Sušnik J; Suryadi FX; de Fraiture C
TC 82
SO SUSTAIN PROD CONSUM
PY 2021
AB The process of planning and evaluation for local development, especially in
   the critical sectors of water, energy and food (WEF) should be conducted
   using a holistic, integrated approach in an attempt to bring the improvement
   in water, energy and food security in a region.  System dynamics models are
   one of the tools for simulation and assessment of the system-wide impacts
   caused by local interventions.  This research develops a stock-flow diagram
   (SFD) of WEF security in a local context to be used in analysing the impacts
   of implementing three planned policy interventions in Karawang Regency,
   Indonesia.  STELLA Professional software is employed to build the SFD and
   conduct simulation of the WEF security nexus, and is based on a previously
   developed qualitative causal loop model of the same system (the Karawang WEF
   security (K-WEFS) model). In the quantitative SFD, four scenarios are
   developed and assessed in this study; (i) population growth changes; (ii)
   agricultural land conversion rate changes; (iii) changes in the development
   of artificial ponds and solar energy; and (iv) per-capita resource
   consumption changes.  The results show several interesting findings related
   to the WEF security nexus, available resources per person (APP) and self-
   sufficiency levels (SSL) of resources in business as usual conditions and
   under planned interventions.  Potentially unanticipated detrimental indirect
   impacts of policy interventions are highlighted.  This dynamic support tool
   could be applied in other local regions to improve the evaluation and
   planning process of water, energy and food sectors in a holistic manner.  ©
   2020 Institution of Chemical Engineers
DE evaluation and planning; indonesia; karawang; nexus modeling; policy
   analysis; system dynamics; water-energy-food ( wef ) security

---

UT 497
AR Shao Y, 2022, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12340, DOI 10.1117/12.2652356
TI Optimization of Seaport Companies' D&A Systems Based on System Dynamics and
   Evaluation Models
AU Shao Y; Guo J; Li Z/1; Yan W/1; Zhu Z
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2022
AB Integrated data and analytics (D&A) systems are recognized for their ability
   to help companies ensure they have the right people, technology, and
   processes in place to manage, operate, use, and protect data resources.  It
   is critical for port companies to develop the right strategy to refine the
   architecture of their D&A systems and integrate their data resources.In this
   study, system dynamics simulation, and principal component analysis are used
   to help seaport companies improve D&A systems and maintain their
   competitiveness in the future.  First, starting from the three key parts of
   personnel, technology, and process, a 3zy comprehensive evaluation model is
   developed to evaluate the maturity of the D&A system.  Second, we use Vensim
   to conduct simulations and build a seaport system dynamics model.  Then,
   analyze the causal relationship between various influencing factors, and
   explore the influence of various factors on the port.  Third, through the
   principal component analysis method, clustering multiple indicators to
   determine the overall skill level of the company and the degree of
   cooperation between people, technology, and processes has an important
   impact on the D&A system.  Finally, a sensitivity analysis is carried out to
   calculate the degree of influence on the analysis indicators when the
   uncertain factors change.  The conclusions obtained show the scalability of
   the D&A system maturity model in other ports and industries.  © 2022 SPIE.
DE principal component analysis; system dynamics model; vensim
ID information management; ports and harbors; sensitivity analysis; system
   theory; analytics systems; data resources; data systems; evaluation models;
   integrated data; optimizations; principal component analysis; system
   dynamics modeling; system evaluation; vensim; principal component analysis

---

UT 498
AR Nie R, 2024, SUSTAIN, V16, DOI 10.3390/su16062341
TI Research on the Dynamic Model of Emergency Rescue Resource-Allocation
   Systems for Mine-Fire Accidents, Taking Liquid CO2 Transportation as an
   Example
AU Nie R; Wang Z/8
TC 4
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2024
AB After a mine-fire accident occurs, a large number of emergency resources
   need to be allocated to rescue those involved in the mine-fire accident.
   The allocation of emergency resources for mine-fire accidents has the
   characteristic of being a complex system with strong uncertainty.  To
   investigate the impact of various variables on the allocation of emergency
   resources in mine-fire situations, this paper analyzes the relevant factors
   that influence the process of allocating emergency resources during mine
   fires.  It defines the variables of the mine-fire emergency resource-
   allocation system based on relevant assumptions.  Causal loop and stock flow
   diagrams are drawn to illustrate the relationships between the variables and
   the system dynamics equation.  Finally, a system dynamics model for mine-
   fire emergency resource allocation is established.  The Vensim software was
   used to simulate the model of a mine-fire emergency rescue.  The simulation
   produced curves for the evolution rate of the fire, the arrival rate, the
   demand for emergency resources, in-transit resources, arrival, and the usage
   of resources during the emergency.  The results indicate a positive
   correlation between the quantity of emergency resources in-transit and the
   arrival rate of emergency resources: they are positively correlated with the
   amount of emergency-management investment.  Additionally, the duration of
   the maximum quantity of emergency resources in-transit is positively
   correlated with the length of the emergency resource-allocation route.  On
   the other hand, the evolution rate of the mine fire and the arrival rate of
   its emergency resources are negatively correlated with the level of
   emergency management.  The evolution rate of the mine fire becomes larger
   and the damage caused by the mine-fire accident is greater when the
   decision-making ability of commanders is at a low level.  © 2024 by the
   authors.
DE emergency rescue; emergency resources allocation; mine fire; system
   dynamics; system simulation
ID accident prevention; fire; mine; numerical model; research work; resource
   allocation; simulation; software

---

UT 499
AR He L, 2022, WASTE MANAG, V140, P204, DOI 10.1016/j.wasman.2021.11.026
TI Exploring the EPR system for power battery recycling from a supply-side
   perspective: An evolutionary game analysis
AU He L; Sun B
TC 98
SO WASTE MANAG
PY 2022
AB As a core component of new energy vehicle development, power battery will
   bring serious environmental pollution if it is not disposed of in a
   standardized way after retirement, so a scientific recycling mechanism is
   the key to achieve sustainable development.  This paper explores the EPR
   mechanism of power battery recycling from a supply-side perspective based on
   a game theory approach.  The system dynamics evolution model was constructed
   using Vensim software.  Model testing, reward and punishment mechanism
   design and analysis of key parameters changes were carried out.  The results
   show that the initial state of tripartite strategy choice is not conducive
   to the positive operation of reverse supply chain.  The curve gradually
   fluctuates toward positive strategy side after the introduction of static
   reward and punishment mechanism, at which time the three parties show a
   cyclical behavior pattern.  The dynamic reward and punishment mechanism can
   make consumers and almost 97% of the new energy vehicle manufacturers
   (NEVMs) participate in the environmental protection of power battery
   recycling, which has a better effect.  In addition, the high cost of
   recycling will prevent a higher percentage of NEVMs from participating in
   supply chain construction.  At the same time, the recycling price raised by
   private enterprises and small workshops is also one of the key factors that
   interfere with the participation of supply-side groups in formal recycling.
   © 2021
DE epr mechanism optimization; power battery recycling; system dynamics ( sd );
   three-party evolutionary game
ID electric power supplies; environmental pollution; game theory; punishment;
   recycling; reward; automobile manufacture; electric vehicles; electronic
   waste; environmental protection; machine design; secondary batteries; supply
   chains; sustainable development; system theory; battery recycling; epr
   mechanism optimization; evolutionary games; mechanism optimization; power
   batteries; power battery recycling; supply sides; system dynamic; three-
   party; three-party evolutionary game; electronic equipment; environmental
   protection; manufacturing; model test; optimization; pollution control;
   private sector; recycling; waste disposal; waste management; article;
   consumer; environmental protection; game; human; price; punishment;
   recycling; reward; software; pollution; power supply; punishment; recycling

---

UT 500
AR [Anonymous], 2020, IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG, V931, DOI
   10.1088/1757-899X/931/1/012015
TI The planning of iron sand inventory with System Dynamic Approach
TC 2
SO IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG
PY 2020
AB The need for iron sand as a supporting material of the cement making is
   increasing, so companies require planning of inventory control of iron ore
   to get all the needs in terms of quality and quantity.  Inventory control
   planning will be useful to meet the demand and reduce inventory wastage.  In
   the production process, companies often experience a shortage of materials
   when demand soared and raw materials excessed when demand decreases.  This
   study aims to determine the best ordering method next year so that the
   company does not experience the stock shortage.  The system dynamics method
   was applied with the help of Powersim software in terms of modelling and
   simulating the iron ore ordering system in the form of several scenarios.
   Based on the result, the best scenario was to order the iron ore as much as
   4,013 tons/month, which is twice the amount in the previous policy, and the
   average inventory of the iron ore was 10,943 tons/month.  © Published under
   licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.

---

UT 501
AR Chaudhary K, 2019, INT J PROD QUAL MANAG, V27, P369, DOI
   10.1504/IJPQM.2019.101934
TI Sustainable benefits of electronic waste recycling in India: A system
   dynamics analysis
AU Chaudhary K; Vrat P
TC 5
SO INT J PROD QUAL MANAG
PY 2019
AB Despite the fact that 95% of the electronic waste (e-waste) generated is
   routed to unorganised sector, India is still struggling to put up an
   effective e-waste management system.  This paper highlights the
   sustainability link of an efficient and effective e-waste reverse supply
   chain (RSC) of e-waste in India.  A system dynamics (SD) model of circular
   flow of electronics products from manufacturing stage to recycling stage has
   been developed using STELLA Software version 9.1.3. Seven scenarios have
   been simulated using the model to study behaviour of various variables.
   Study of trends provides very useful insights to facilitate policy decisions
   for implementation of e-waste RSC in India.  This study also recommends
   various strategies to improve the collection efficiency of the organised
   sector.  © 2019 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
DE causal loop diagram; cld; e-waste; electronic waste; material reserve; sd;
   sfd; stock and flow diagram; sustainability link; system dynamics

---

UT 502
AR Woo T, 2012, SPRINGER SER RELIAB ENG, V63, P89, DOI
   10.1007/978-1-4471-4030-6_8
TI Dynamical seismic probabilistic safety assessment for earthquake
AU Woo T
TC 0
SO SPRINGER SER RELIAB ENG
PY 2012
AB In the nuclear power plants (NPPs), the earthquake could make a critical
   result because of its catastrophe risk.  It is important to maintain the
   stability of the system without the radiation material leak from the
   reactor.  The system dynamics (SD) is used in analysis by the random
   sampling quantification of the earthquake happening due to unexpected
   characteristics, which is one of non-linear algorithms.  There is a
   dynamical quantification which is incorporated with the loop sequence of the
   time step procedures by the feedback simulations.  The Power Plant Analysis
   has the highest value among three values including Disaster Analysis and
   Earthquake Analysis.  For Disaster Analysis, there is the highest value on
   2015. For Earthquake Analysis, there is the highest value on 2047. The
   highest value of summation for three values is in the year 2050, which shows
   the value of 28.45 times (=626/22) higher than the initial value and highest
   than any other value.  Using SD method, the easy and logical analysis for
   the safety assessment is constructed by a computer code.  © Springer-Verlag
   London 2012.
DE earthquake; feedback; nuclear power plants; safety assessment; simulation;
   system dynamics; thermo-hydraulic; vensim
ID disasters; earthquakes; feedback; nuclear energy; nuclear fuels; system
   stability; system theory; safety assessments; simulation; system dynamics;
   thermo-hydraulic; vensim; nuclear power plants

---

UT 503
AR Luo KK, 2018, LAT APPL RES, V48, P235
TI Scenario analysis of low carbon enterprises in sichuan province based on
   natural language processing hierarchical dynamic model
AU Luo KK; Zhang LM
TC 0
SO LAT APPL RES
PY 2018
AB Low carbon economy has gradually become a hot topic in all walks of life.
   In order to analyze the development trend of low-carbon enterprises in
   Sichuan Province, this paper first uses the principle of system dynamics,
   combined with economics and mathematical statistics.  And all of that has
   been realized according to the method of cognitive calculation,
   comprehensive analysis and processing of data, adopting a large-scale
   sampling survey, screening samples, and using natural language processing
   model.  It deals with an analysis of the results to meet the development
   needs of low carbon enterprises in Sichuan province.  Aiming to analyze the
   development capability of low carbon enterprises in Sichuan Province, the
   computer simulation model of Vensim PLE, a special simulation software for
   system dynamics, was established.  In order to analyze the development trend
   of Sichuan low-carbon enterprises more effectively, this paper also uses the
   AHP method of qualitative analysis and quantitative analysis to evaluate the
   development ability of Sichuan low-carbon enterprises.  By comparing the
   simulation results, the good application prospect of system dynamics in
   scenario analysis of low carbon enterprises is verified.  © 2003-2012 Latin
   American Applied Research Journal.
DE analytic hierarchy process; low carbon enterprises; system dynamics

---

UT 504
AR Abnikia H, 2017, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, P1868
TI Impacts of safety performance and culture on work-related accidents: A
   system dynamics model
AU Abnikia H; Bastanb M; Kasiralvalada E; Ahmadvanda A
TC 4
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2017
AB Research shows that when investigating the causal relation between
   phenomena, adopting a systematic view and assessing the feedbacks of
   involved variables could lead to much better results.  In complex systems
   where humans act as significant components, the importance of systemic
   approach and focus on its dynamics become particularly more pronounced.  The
   objective of this study was to use a system dynamics approach to study the
   safety culture and performance and its impacts on work-related accidents.
   This objective was pursued through introducing and determining the basic
   variables, plotting the causal and flow diagrams, and simulating the model
   by VENSIM software.  In the next step, four different scenarios were defined
   to evaluate the model sensitivity and identify the leverage variables.  The
   results of sensitivity analysis showed that production pressure is the key
   factor controlling the rate of work-related accidents in the studied
   organization, so adopting policies aimed at reducing the pressure of
   production can largely improve the level of accidents in this organization.
   © IEOM Society International.
DE safety; system dynamics; work accidents

---

UT 505
AR Yang L, 2012, INT CONF SERV SYST SERV MANAG - PROC ICSSSM, P272, DOI
   10.1109/ICSSSM.2012.6252235
TI Research on the optimization of retailer inventory strategy based on system
   dynamics simulation
AU Yang L; Hou K; Zhong J/1
TC 2
SO INT CONF SERV SYST SERV MANAG - PROC ICSSSM
PY 2012
AB Aiming at a satisfying inventory strategy, simulation was put into use in a
   dynamic system.  In this paper, we focused on a simply two-stage supply
   chain inventory management system.  The model of inventory system was
   simplified rationally, and we assumed that it was primarily consisted of a
   manufacturer and a retailer.  The study based on the theory of System
   Dynamics and vensim software was used to optimize variable parameters in the
   supply chain inventory system.  The retailer inventory strategy was
   optimized under uncertain environment and the variable parameters of
   adjustment production time, demand production delay time and demand sale
   time were reset, and then a rational inventory management project was
   selected in this system.  Finally, an example was come up with and it showed
   that the method was feasible and a better retailer inventory strategy was
   proposed.  © 2012 IEEE.
DE optimization; retailer inventory; supply chain; system dynamics; vensim
ID inventory control; optimization; supply chains; system theory; uncertainty
   analysis; delay time; inventory management; inventory management systems;
   inventory strategies; inventory systems; production time; retailer
   inventory; supply chain inventory system; system dynamics; system dynamics
   simulation; uncertain environments; variable-parameters; vensim; sales

---

UT 506
AR Peterková J, 2012, PROC INT CARPATHIAN CONTROL CONF ICCC, P537, DOI
   10.1109/CarpathianCC.2012.6228703
TI Software support of managerial decision making based on system approach
AU Peterková J; Němčík P; Vančura V; Gottfried J
TC 2
SO PROC INT CARPATHIAN CONTROL CONF ICCC
PY 2012
AB The companies' management have to deal with all that.  And, once again, a
   question arises what approach should be taken when solving the newly emerged
   problems?  It turns out that the current managers' problem-solving method
   should be based on a system approach as well as on prediction.  The dynamics
   and indefiniteness of business environment makes a corporate management use
   methods based on the system approach to the business, or understanding the
   business as a living organism and, at the same time, take into account the
   growing importance of knowledge, creative human potential, and new
   management methods as system dynamics and other competition tools of a
   company of the 21st century.  © 2012 IEEE.
DE business performance index; dynamic system; feedback structure of the
   system; food industry; managerial decision; prediction model; strategic
   management; vensim software
ID biology; dynamical systems; industry; management; managers; business
   performance; feedback structure; food industries; managerial decision;
   prediction model; strategic management; competition

---

UT 507
AR Jeong H, 2013, SOC AGRIC BIOL ENG ANNU INT MEET, V6, P4838
TI A study on the economic analysis of wastewater reclamation and reuse systems
   for agriculture using a system dynamics approach
AU Jeong H; Suh K; Kim H/1; Park S; Kim H; Seong C; Jang T
TC 0
SO SOC AGRIC BIOL ENG ANNU INT MEET
PY 2013
AB Many studies have reported additional treatment is needed to use wastewater
   for agricultural purpose.  Economic considerations should be taken into
   account to establish infrastructure for agricultural reuse because of a
   large amount of water use in irrigation and relatively low water quality
   requirement.  The objective of this study was to conduct economic analysis
   of wastewater reclamation and reuse systems for agriculture.  A system
   dynamics approach considering complexity and dynamics in the wastewater
   reuse systems was used for the economic analysis, which are related with
   social, environmental, and economic problems.  Sensitivity and benefit cost
   analysis for wastewater reuse systems was conducted through the established
   economic assessment model.  The result of sensitivity analysis showed that
   water resources development and installation cost were the most sensitive
   for total benefits and costs, respectively.  The scenario-based test of the
   organized economic assessment model shows marginal cost ranges and enables
   decision-makers to decide reasonable cost for the wastewater reuse systems
   for agriculture.
DE economic evaluation model; system dynamics approach; vensim benefit-cost
   analysis; wastewater reuse
ID agriculture; cost accounting; costs; system theory; wastewater reclamation;
   water management; water quality; water supply; benefit-cost analysis;
   economic considerations; economic evaluations; system dynamics approach;
   wastewater reclamation and reuse; wastewater reuse; wastewater reuse system;
   water resources development; economic analysis

---

UT 508
AR Tian Y/1, 2020, SUSTAIN, V12, DOI 10.3390/su12104254
TI Dynamic model of a sustainable water resources utilization system with
   coupled water quality and quantity in Tianjin city
AU Tian Y/1; Li C/2; Yi Y; Wang X/3; Shu A
TC 16
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2020
AB With the development of industrial and agricultural production and the
   social economy, the demand for water resources has gradually increased.  In
   this paper, based on the principles of system dynamics, a sustainable water
   resources utilization model with coupled water quality and quantity is
   established using STELLA software to assess the sustainable use of water
   resources.  The model includes two modules: a water supply module and a
   water quality module.  The water supply module includes four sub-systems:
   economy, population, water supply, and water demand.  The water quality
   module consists of an environmental sub-system.  The model is suitable for
   Tianjin, where water resources are scarce.  Calibration is performed using
   data from 2013-2016, and verification is performed using data from 2017. The
   simulation results are good.  In order to compare the sustainable use of
   water resources in different development scenarios in Tianjin for 2025, a
   sensitivity analysis is performed for each variable, and four decision
   variables are selected to establish four water resources use scenarios
   (Scenarios 1-4). The results show that, compared with scenario 1, water
   shortages in scenarios 2 and 3 are delayed.  Scenario 4, with stable
   economic growth and environmental consideration, can effectively resolve the
   contradiction between water supply and demand in the future, and is more
   conducive to the improvement of water quality.  Finally, based on the above
   research, measures to solve water resources problems are proposed, in order
   to provide a reference for the sustainable use of water resources and
   optimization of water resources allocation in Tianjin.  © 2020 by the
   authors.
DE sustainable use; system dynamics; tianjin; water quantity and quality; water
   resources
ID china; tianjin; agricultural production; resource allocation; resource use;
   spatiotemporal analysis; water demand; water quality; water resource; water
   supply

---

UT 509
AR Zhang M, 2018, IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG, V392, DOI
   10.1088/1757-899X/392/6/062121
TI Cost simulation and optimization of fresh cold chain logistics enterprises
   based on SD
AU Zhang M; Liu CS
TC 7
SO IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG
PY 2018
AB In this paper, the system dynamics method is used to construct the
   structural model of the operating cost of fresh cold chain logistics
   enterprises considering the carbon emissions, and the simulation experiments
   are carried out by using Vensim software.  The results show that the
   application of system dynamics in fresh cold chain logistics enterprises
   cost control can reflect the complex relationship between the various
   factors within the system better, and obtain the back relationship between
   carbon emissions and the total cost, the method can provide guidance and
   reference for cost control of the fresh cold chain logistics enterprises.  ©
   Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID carbon; chains; computer software; cost effectiveness; manufacture; system
   theory; carbon emissions; cold chain logistics; complex relationships; cost
   simulations; provide guidances; structural modeling; system dynamics; vensim
   softwares; costs

---

UT 510
AR Zhang M/7, 2015, SHENGTAI XUEBAO, V35, P4880, DOI 10.5846/stxb201311122717
TI Scenarios simulation and indices thresholds determination of ecological
   security in three gorges reservoir based on system dynamics
AU Zhang M/7; Guan D; Su W
TC 4
SO SHENGTAI XUEBAO
PY 2015
AB Ecological security is an interdisciplinary of natural science and social
   science.  There is still no an internationally accepted definition of
   ecological security at present.  In this paper, ecological security model of
   Three Gorges Reservoir in Chongqing was established using system dynamics.
   Firstly, according to special geographical features of Three Gorges
   reservoir, an improved DPSIR model, which involves all aspects of society,
   economy and environment, was applied to establish an evaluation index system
   of ecological security.  AHP method with objective and subjective
   combination characteristics was selected to endow these indices weight.
   Secondly, based on the ecosystem characteristics of Three Gorges reservoir,
   a system dynamics model containing economy, population, and environmental
   subsystems was developed.  The model was set up using specialized software
   VensimPLE and data from “Chongqing Statistical Yearbook 2001—2007”for
   population, GDP, and the amount of environmental pollution.  Main parameters
   and their mutual feedback relationships in the model were determined.  GDP,
   the total population, the amount of environmental pollution were selected as
   the main variables; grain output ratio, forest coverage rate, soil erosion
   rates and other indicators were selected as the important factor parameters;
   the area of soil erosion, Net-DP, pollution treatment rate were selected as
   the evaluation factors.  Meanwhile, historical and simulated values were
   compared to verify this model.  The comparison of results from calibration
   and observation shows that the model corresponds to observed behaviors, and
   the simulated values fit well with the observed data and changing trends.
   Moreover, 3 scenarios named sustainable development, resource exhaustion,
   and natural state were designed to simulate future change of ecological
   security.  The simulation runs demonstrate that the sustainable development
   model accords with the patterns of social development.  The ecological
   security levels of natural state model and resource exhaustion model in
   Chongqing Three Gorges Reservoir are very worrying, since economic losses
   and environmental impact are severe.  But the ecological security level of
   sustainable development model is relatively good.  Net-GDP shows a clear
   upward trend; the amount of environmental pollution is small.  Thirdly,
   according to the simulation results, ecological security thresholds were
   got.  The thresholds can basically represent the main features of Three
   Gorges Reservoir’s eological security before 2050. The verification results
   can be got with the observation of “Net GDP-GDP” values.  The overall
   verification results are appropriate.  Then, the status quo of ecological
   security indicators (2007) was standardized using the determined thresholds.
   It turns out that the existing 11 indicators are uneven and the overall
   level is not high.  These thresholds were applied into the assessment
   indices of ecological security for obtaining the comprehensive score of
   ecological security from 2001 to 2007. The results illustrate that the
   ecological security in the reservoir area has been emerging an increasing
   trend, but still in a relatively sensitive period.  Consequently, to achieve
   the sustainable development of the reservoir area requires the cooperation
   of relevant departments.  Finally, on the basis of system dynamics model,
   the paper determined ecological security index thresholds.  Within the range
   of thresholds, the ecological security can effectively achieve its
   sustainable development.  © 2015 Ecological Society of China.  All rights
   reserved.
DE chongqing three gorges reservoir area; ecological security; systems
   dynamics; thresholds
ID china; chongqing; three gorges reservoir; data set; economic conditions;
   gross domestic product; interdisciplinary approach; numerical model;
   planning method; security; social development; software; soil erosion;
   sustainable development; threshold

---

UT 511
AR Cao H, 2017, MATEC WEB CONF, V100, DOI 10.1051/matecconf/201710002012
TI Factor analysis of enterprise Internet+ impetus based on system dynamics
AU Cao H; Xue C/1; Wang X/9
TC 0
SO MATEC WEB CONF
PY 2017
AB Internet+ plays an important role in the transition and upgrading of
   enterprises in this era.  To promote enterprise Internet+ implementation,
   this paper studies the influencing factors in enterprise Internet+ impetus.
   First, based on system dynamics, the influencing factors of enterprise
   Internet+ impetus are analyzed as well as their relationships.  Then, a
   system dynamics model is established and Vensim PLE is utilized to simulate
   the model.  Finally, some suggestions about the Internet+ implementation are
   given.  The simulation results show that technological environment,
   government policy and information asymmetry all have different influence on
   the enterprise Internet+ impetus and different strategies can be taken to
   change their influence.  This study is helpful for enterprises to understand
   the Internet+ impetus mechanism thus promote Internet+ implementation.
ID manufacture; system theory; information asymmetry; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; technological environment; internet

---

UT 512
AR Yue K-Z, 2013, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V25, P544
TI System dynamics model on segmental replenishment at sea for aircraft carrier
   formation
AU Yue K-Z; Han W; Yu C-J; Shi J-G
TC 2
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2013
AB To schedule technically material replenishment for aircraft carrier
   formation in the high sea battle exercise, the segmental supply on the sea
   was studied.  Causal Loop Diagrams and Stock & Flow Diagrams about every
   element of impacting the supply efficiency were built based on system
   dynamics, and the system dynamic model with segmental supply from supply
   ship to aircraft carrier formation was established.  The simulation software
   of Vensim PLE was applied, and the simulation shows that this model can
   predict the material supply trend in the disturbed condition and provide the
   theoretical evidence and technical basis for scheduling material
   replenishment from the supply ship.
DE complex systematic model; segmental supply; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 513
AR Zhao W, 2018, J SILK, V55, P48, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1001-7003.2018.01.009
TI Modeling and empirical study of O2O retail decision-making in apparel
   enterprises
AU Zhao W; Wang L/7; Li M/3; Sun T; Yang Y/1
TC 2
SO J SILK
PY 2018
AB Aiming at the O2O dual channel mode in apparel enterprises, this paper
   established a retail decision, making model and explored the relationship
   between O2O retail service level and profitability of apparel enterprises.
   Firstly, the relation between index weight and index variables of the model
   was determined through an expert interview and literature.  Then, the O2O
   dual channel retail decision,making model was established based on system
   dynamics theory:65 system variables were defined, the assumptions were set,
   Vensim was used to draw the stock,flow graph, thecorrelativity was
   established, the model was confirmed and verified, the model was verified
   according to current situation of O2O dual channel retail.  Results showed
   that level of O2O retail service was positively related to profitability,
   last, to improve the profitability of the case enterprise, this paper put
   forward several solutions to improve O2O channel integration and online/
   office retail service level.  © 2018 China Silk Association.  All rights
   reserved.
DE apparel; decision; o2o; retail; system dynamics

---

UT 514
AR Karimlou K, 2020, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V34, P481, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-019-02428-z
TI Developing a Model for Decision-Makers in Dynamic Modeling of Urban Water
   System Management
AU Karimlou K; Hassani N; Rashidi Mehrabadi A; Nazari MR
TC 18
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2020
AB Water managers may modify many components of urban water systems to minimize
   water shortage.  Since each modification activity has its own positive and
   negative effects, it is necessary to define an appropriate procedure to
   predict the consequences of each action.  As the parameters of urban water
   supply and demand system have internal relationships in the time domain, a
   dynamic model is needed to forecast the result of changes and select the
   best modification activity.  Here the Vensim® is applied as a modeling tool
   to choose the most effective water management activities in Tehran province.
   It has been found that the annual increase rate of water tariff by 16.4% and
   assigning 4.5% of revenue on reducing non-revenue water may be the most
   effective demand management activity to reduce water shortage in Tehran
   province.  It has also been revealed that, even by implementing the most
   effective demand management activities in Tehran, the amount of required
   water in the next 10 years is more than the sustainable capacity of its
   resources and activities like seawater desalination are inevitable to
   prevent unsustainable use of water sources.  © 2019, Springer Nature B.V.
DE conservation devices; non-revenue water; price-elasticity of demand; system
   dynamics; tariff; water
ID iran; tehran [ iran ]; desalination; economics; seawater effects; water;
   water management; water supply; water supply systems; internal
   relationships; management activities; non-revenue waters; positive and
   negative effect; price-elasticity of demand; seawater desalination; system
   dynamics; tariff; conservation management; decision making; demand
   elasticity; tariff structure; water management; water planning; water
   resource; water supply; decision making

---

UT 515
AR Elmahdi A, 2011, WATER SHORTAGES ENV ECON SOC IMPACTS, P159
TI Efficient water allocation for sustainable irrigation development - A system
   dynamics modelling approach
AU Elmahdi A; Shi T
TC 1
SO WATER SHORTAGES ENV ECON SOC IMPACTS
PY 2011
AB In facing the water shortage challenges around the world, water
   (re)allocation has been increasingly recognized as a key issue in the
   sustainable water resource management.  This chapter aims to apply a system
   dynamics modelling approach for economical water allocation within
   irrigation managing system constraints.  The objective of this study is to
   explore the options of re-allocating water resources that minimize the water
   cost all over an irrigated agricultural area.  The study has been performed
   through a system dynamics tool, Vensim software, which is equipped with an
   optimizer.  An Economical Water Use Model (EWUM) was developed to help
   decision makers in examining the economic and environmental impacts of water
   allocation under several future scenarios and alternatives.  The main
   objective of the model is to explore the options of allocating water to
   satisfy the irrigation demand at minimum water cost.  Surface and ground
   water systems (including water from trading) have been studied within
   managing system constraints such as the volume of maximum pumping, surface
   water and environmental flow rule, available maximum trading volume, and
   water prices.  Two hypothetical agricultural areas have been simulated as an
   application example for the current study.  The results show that the
   proposed model could be considered as a robust water management tool,
   evolved from its flexibility and power of expediting and facilitating the
   inter-linkage of different components in the model, for broad application in
   efficient water allocation for sustainable irrigation development.  © 2011
   Nova Science Publishers, Inc.  All rights reserved.

---

UT 516
AR Soto MM, 2013, REV TEC LA FAC ING UNIV DEL ZULIA, V36, P80
TI System dynamics in the simulation of the effect of knowledge management on
   the supply chain of corn agroindustry (Zea mays L.); [La dinámica de
   sistemas en la simulación del efecto de la gestión del conocimiento sobre la
   cadena de suministro de la agroindustria del maíz (Zea mays L.)]
AU Soto MM; Monroy CR; Araujo MG; Díaz AM
TC 5
SO REV TEC LA FAC ING UNIV DEL ZULIA
PY 2013
AB System dynamics is a suitable tool for building managementmodels, because of
   its easy application in solving unstructured problems.  In the 21st century
   the sustainability of organizations is influenced by the way in which they
   manage their knowledge.  In this sense, knowledge management (KM) represents
   a strategy that contributes to the improvement of production of the supply
   chain (SC) of the corn industry (CI). The aim of this research is to develop
   an Information Technology (IT) model that enables the simulation of the
   effect of KM on the CI production.  The methodology applied was that of
   System Dynamics through the use of the Vensim PLE ® v.  5.10 software, whose
   determinant indicators were selected through an empirical study ofKMin the
   SC of the precooked corn flour industry in Venezuela.  In the study it was
   concluded that the balanced application of KM practices both in the
   strategic dimension and in the functional dimension, achieves an increase in
   production through the stabilization of the system.  In this respect, it is
   recommended to continue with the evaluation of the developed methodology in
   other agro-industrial environments.
DE corn agro-industry; knowledge management; supply chain; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; information technology; knowledge management; mica;
   supply chains; agro-industry; corn flour; empirical studies; production of;
   system dynamics; venezuela; zea mays; system theory

---

UT 517
AR Tarasyev A, 2020, CEUR WORK PROC, V2562, P198
TI Data and application management models for content services architecture:
   Example of project approach to education process of master students in it
AU Tarasyev A; Turygina V; Sorokotyaga S; Iskra A; Timofeeva A
TC 0
SO CEUR WORK PROC
PY 2020
AB The purpose of this study is to develop a model for managing data and
   applications in the architecture of content services using the example of an
   e-sports agency for student.  A data management model was developed in the
   Powersim Studio 7.0 simulation environment, which allows determining the
   economic result of the company in the electronic sales architecture.  The
   presented model includes several functional blocks, consisting of the key
   parameters of the model, such as: sales, customers, orders, income from
   additional services.  The selected blocks were formed on the basis of the
   analysis of the company's business processes, which allowed us to identify
   the main processes that affect the formation of the nailed enterprise in the
   project training.  After a series of simulation experiments, taking into
   account the initial values specified in the model and taking into account
   the inclusion of additional values (income from the provision of additional
   services to the company), results were obtained confirming the economic
   feasibility of including additional services.  The proposed system of
   indicators and the developed model are an analytical comprehensive toolkit
   that allows you to reasonably assess the current state and results of the
   system, taking into account the introduction of additional services and
   activities, and without it, which, in turn, makes it possible to study in
   more detail and deeply their impact on the economic result company.
   Copyright © 2019 for this paper by its authors.  Use permitted under
   Creative Commons License Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0).
DE computer simulation; customer base; data management; education; educational
   process; information architecture; modeling methodology; online advertising;
   project training system dynamics; simulation
ID computer simulation; economic analysis; education; information management;
   sales; students; customerbase; educational process; information
   architectures; modeling methodology; online advertising; simulation;
   training systems; education computing

---

UT 518
AR Yang B, 2010, PROC - INT CONF MANAG E-COMMER E-GOV ICMECG, P10, DOI
   10.1109/ICMeCG.2010.11
TI The knowledge transfer evolutionary model and simulation based on the
   modeling of system dynamics
AU Yang B; Xu S-H
TC 2
SO PROC - INT CONF MANAG E-COMMER E-GOV ICMECG
PY 2010
AB Based on the foundation of systems and control theory, we analyze knowledge
   transfer process and the main impact for body of Knowledge Stocks.  Applying
   the method of system dynamics to analyze a causal relation and the behavior
   evolution feature of knowledge transfer in organization and construct a
   system dynamics model of knowledge transfer simulation, which can be
   simulated by Vensim PLE. The analysis for the effectiveness and sensitivity
   of simulation model indicates the model can be used as the fitting of
   knowledge transfer process well as well as reveals the feature and mechanism
   of inter-organization knowledge transfer that can offer theoretical basis
   and guidance for making knowledge transfer strategy.  The construction and
   operation of computer simulation model offers a kind of effective method for
   studying the inter-organization mechanism of knowledge transfer.  © 2010
   IEEE.
DE knowledge transfer; simulation; system dynamics model; vensim
ID dynamics; electronic commerce; government data processing; knowledge
   management; mathematical models; system theory; behavior evolution; body of
   knowledge; causal relations; computer simulation model; evolutionary models;
   inter-organization; knowledge transfer; simulation; simulation model; system
   dynamics; system dynamics model; systems and control theory; theoretical
   basis; vensim; computer simulation

---

UT 519
AR Agumas M, 2019, LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG,
   V274, P401, DOI 10.1007/978-3-030-15357-1_33
TI Simulation study of inventory performance improvement in consumer products
   trade business unit using system dynamic approach
AU Agumas M; Jayaprakash J; Teshome M
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG
PY 2019
AB This paper focused optimal inventory study on multi-product, multi-period,
   perishable products replenishment quantity in consumer product trade
   business unit (CPTBU) warehouse in Bahir Dar city.  We proposed system
   dynamics method to improve optimal replenishment quantity of expired and
   stock-out products and saved the total operation cost such as loss of sale,
   expired cost, holding cost and ordering cost using vensim software.  This
   study proposed 34.7% improved replenishment quantity of expired products,
   32.2% replenishment quantity of stock-out products and totally this proposal
   saved 43,000US$ (1.2 million birr) of operational cost per year.  © ICST
   Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and Telecommunications
   Engineering 2019 Published by Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2019. All
   Rights Reserved.
DE inventory replenishment; simulation; stock and flow diagram; system dynamics
ID system theory; flow diagram; inventory performance; inventory replenishment;
   perishable product; simulation; simulation studies; system dynamics; total
   operation costs; consumer products

---

UT 520
AR Michel Legal Hernández J, 2020, PROC LACCEI INT MULTI-CONF ENG EDUC TECHNOL,
   DOI 10.18687/LACCEI2020.1.1.74
TI Student enrollment prospecting by applying a system dynamics model in higher
   education institution; [Prospección de matricula mediante la aplicación del
   modelo de dinámica de sistemas en una institución de educación superior]
AU Michel Legal Hernández J; de Luna AM; Escamilla Garcia PE; Aceves Hernández
   FJ
TC 0
SO PROC LACCEI INT MULTI-CONF ENG EDUC TECHNOL
PY 2020
AB This paper highlights the results obtained by designing a prediction model
   aimed at estimating the enrolment of students per subject in an institution
   of higher education from Mexico.  To perform the estimation, the system
   dynamics technique was applied using software VenSim, version 7.2a.  The
   model evaluated the period from August to December 2018 to forecast three
   subjects: Linear Algebra (AL), Applied Linear Programming (PLA) and Networks
   and Simulation (RYS). The model included the following variables: number of
   classrooms and teachers available; number of students who failed and passed
   in ordinary and extraordinary term; rate of student desertion.  The main
   results showed a prediction accuracy percentage of 97% for AL, 89% for PLA
   and 97% for RYS. The prognostic error represented 3.4 groups in contrast to
   the prediction certainty of 72.3 groups.  This research provides a model to
   forecast reliable data for decision making in order to optimize resources.
   © 2020 Latin American and Caribbean Consortium of Engineering Institutions.
   All rights reserved.
DE enrollment; prediction; probability; system dynamic

---

UT 521
AR Ramchandran N, 2020, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V580, P393, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-32-9119-5_32
TI Market Diffusion Model of Electric Vehicles for Planning Charging
   Infrastructure in India
AU Ramchandran N; Singhvi P; Bansal M
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2020
AB The Indian government has set an ambitious goal of having an all-electric
   vehicle fleet by 2030. However, limiting factors related to technology,
   market and policy could impede their adoption.  The objective of this
   research is to forecast how the diffusion of electric vehicles (EVs) will
   happen in India and the crucial elements that would influence adoption.  The
   research outcomes are expected to help policy makers to optimally phase
   investments and incentives earmarked for public charging infrastructure.
   ‘Bass diffusion model’ has been used as the base for preparing a system
   dynamics model using Vensim software to forecast the diffusion of EV’s from
   2017 to 2030. Consumer willingness to purchase EV’s has been elicited
   through a survey conducted among 50 respondents, who drive 4-wheelers.
   Adoption has been modeled considering the effect of 4 parameters on consumer
   willingness to purchase EV, namely- price differential between EV’s and ICE
   vehicles, range, recharge time and charging infrastructure density.  The
   model output indicates an S-shaped diffusion curve with saturation near the
   50th month.  Out of the four parameters, adoption is found to be highly
   sensitive to charging infrastructure density.  The paper concludes that
   there is a high scope of optimizing government investment in charging
   infrastructure which would require a detailed view of technical, policy and
   market related aspects.  © 2020, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE consumer willingness; diffusion; electric vehicle; price differential;
   recharge time
ID charging ( batteries ); commerce; diffusion; electric power transmission
   networks; electric vehicles; fleet operations; smart city; smart power
   grids; surveys; bass diffusion model; charging infrastructures; consumer
   willingness; electric vehicles ( evs ); government investment; price
   differential; recharge time; system dynamics model; investments

---

UT 522
AR Asif FMA, 2015, RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL, V101, P20, DOI
   10.1016/j.resconrec.2015.05.002
TI System dynamics models for decision making in product multiple lifecycles
AU Asif FMA; Rashid A; Bianchi C; Nicolescu CM/1
TC 31
SO RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL
PY 2015
AB The main drivers for adopting product multiple lifecycles are to gain
   ecological and economic advantages.  However, in most of the cases it is not
   straight forward to estimate the potential ecological and economic gain that
   may result from adopting product multiple lifecycles.  Even though many
   researchers have concluded that product multiple lifecycles result in gain,
   there are examples which indicate that the gain is often marginal or even
   none in many cases.  The purpose of this research is to develop system
   dynamics models that can assist decision makers in assessing and analysing
   the potential gain of product multiple lifecycles considering the dynamics
   of material scarcity.  The foundation of the research presented in this
   paper is laid based on literature review.  System dynamics principles have
   been used for modelling and simulations have been done on Stella iThink
   platform.  The data used in the models have been extracted from different
   reports published by World Steel Association and U.S. Geological Survey.
   Some of the data have been assumed based on expert estimation.  The data on
   iron ore reserves, iron and steel productions and consumptions have been
   used in the models.  This research presents the first system dynamics model
   for decision making in product multiple lifecycles which takes into
   consideration the dynamics of material scarcity.  Physical unavailability
   and price of material are the two main factors that would drive product
   multiple lifecycles approach and more sustainable decisions can be made if
   it is done by taking holistic system approach over longer time horizon.  For
   an enterprise it is perhaps not attractive to conserve a particular type of
   material through product multiple lifecycles approach which is naturally
   abundant but extremely important if the material becomes critical.  An
   enterprise could through engineering, proper business model and marketing
   may increase the share of multiple lifecycle products which eventually would
   help the enterprise to reduce its dependency on critical materials.  © 2015
   Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
DE material criticality; multiple-lifecycle; resource conservation; resource
   scarcity; resources policy; system dynamic
ID conservation; decision making; digital storage; ecology; economic geology;
   iron ores; natural resources; steelmaking; system theory; iron; holistic
   system approaches; iron and steel productions; modeling and simulations;
   resource conservation; resource scarcity; resources policy; system dynamics;
   us geological surveys; conservation management; decision making; life cycle
   analysis; policy approach; resource scarcity; analytical parameters;
   article; data analysis; decision making; dynamics; engineering;
   environmental protection; iron and steel industry; life cycle assessment;
   material scarcity; materials management; nonbiological model; simulation;
   system dynamics; life cycle

---

UT 523
AR Xia X/1, 2014, APPL MECH MATER, V641-642, P669, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.641-642.669
TI A SD prediction model based on system dynamics of social economy and
   transportation industry
AU Xia X/1; Jiang M-Q
TC 1
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2014
AB This paper uses vensim to establish a SD prediction model of transportation
   and social economy, the model considers passenger transport capacity, cargo
   capacity, population, GDP and other major factors.  Base on data in nearly
   ten years, the prediction results verify S-T SD model is ture and
   effective,and get the time-node that the growth rate of passenger capacity
   satisfied the shortage of Passenger transport capacity in different
   sensitivity parameter A. © (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.
DE sd prediction model; social economic; transportation
ID forecasting; hydraulic structures; hydraulics; mathematical models; shore
   protection; transportation; urban growth; passenger capacity; passenger
   transport; prediction model; sensitivity parameters; social economy; social
   economic; system dynamics; transportation industry; freight transportation

---

UT 524
AR Méndez-Giraldo GA, 2016, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V657, P201, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-50880-1_18
TI A dynamic model of logistic management for obtaining activated carbon
AU Méndez-Giraldo GA; Estevez J; Pinto-Anaya C; Ruiz-Vaca J
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2016
AB Activated carbon has multiple uses both to meet industrial needs as
   domestic.  This grow in the demand has allowed Colombian industry to look
   for organic sources for obtaining it.  Tecsol has advanced more than 20
   years of research on this field.  Today, they want to turn their pilot plant
   used in research projects to turn it into an industrial plant.  This
   requires ensuring the supply of organic material such as using ovens at
   maximum capacity.  As this is a new system, it should estimate the sales
   potential and then determine the best logistics parameters.  The developed
   model uses continuous simulation based on the Forrester model.  The
   industrial dynamical model determines a trade-off between different
   manufacturing resources and its impact on financial results.  Its
   implementation in IThink can respond to many different questions about the
   main logistic components changing over time.  © Springer International
   Publishing AG 2016.
DE activated carbon; logistic model; system dynamics
ID activated carbon; economic and social effects; industrial plants; pilot
   plants; continuous simulation; financial results; logistic management;
   logistic models; manufacturing resource; organic materials; organic sources;
   system dynamics; industrial research

---

UT 525
AR Vélez SLP, 2016, INT J ENV WASTE MANAG, V18, P161, DOI
   10.1504/IJEWM.2016.080404
TI System dynamics model for the municipal solid waste management system in the
   metropolitan area of Medellín, Colombia
AU Vélez SLP; Mora NE
TC 9
SO INT J ENV WASTE MANAG
PY 2016
AB This paper analyses the management of municipal solid waste in the
   metropolitan area of Medellín (Colombia). The composition and production of
   solid waste, the collection system, the informal and formal sectors in the
   region, the different flows of materials and its final disposal, are some
   topics that have been considered.  A basic model for the SWM system in the
   city has been developed based on the system dynamics methodology.  With the
   help of the Vensim PLE software, it has been possible to simulate different
   scenarios, such as the implementation of the formalisation process of the
   informal waste pickers that are present in the city.  The generation of
   waste for the residential sector in Aburrá Valley is 49,115.2 ton/month, and
   only 12.5% of the solid waste produced is reintroduced into the production
   cycle.  Part of this work is done by approximately 4,474 waste pickers, but
   only 10.63% of them are part of pre-cooperatives or cooperatives.  The
   outcomes of the model for the geographical area allow to conclude that the
   inclusion of the informal sector in the municipal solid waste management
   system would imply huge benefits related to the social, economic and
   environmental aspects of the system.  Copyright © 2016 Inderscience
   Enterprises Ltd.
DE informal sector; municipal solid waste; recycling; waste management
ID recycling; system theory; waste disposal; waste management; collection
   systems; environmental aspects; flows of materials; geographical area;
   informal sector; metropolitan area; residential sectors; system dynamics
   model; municipal solid waste

---

UT 526
AR Wang YF, 2018, PROCESS SAF ENV PROT, V114, P271, DOI
   10.1016/j.psep.2018.01.002
TI Probability prediction and cost benefit analysis based on system dynamics
AU Wang YF; Li B/2; Qin T; Zhang B/4
TC 24
SO PROCESS SAF ENV PROT
PY 2018
AB It is known that optimizing the investments on safety to reduce
   probabilities of blowout fire is very challenging due to the complexity of
   operational systems which involve varieties of potential contributors and
   ranges of safety measures.  In this paper, a new method to evaluate blowout
   fire prevention and control measures is proposed in a cost effective manner.
   Firstly, a dynamic probability prediction model for blowout fire is proposed
   through the system dynamics (SD) method.  The dynamic probability of blowout
   fire on offshore drilling platform is predicted according to the proposed
   model.  Secondly, cost-benefit analysis of the corresponding safety measures
   is carried out using SD simulation via Vensim software.  Thirdly, a case
   study of blowout fire probability prediction and the cost-benefit analysis
   of safety investments are demonstrated for some offshore drilling platform.
   The simulation results show that the predicted probability of blowout fire
   on offshore drilling platform increases from 2.41E−6 to 3.997E−6. The
   probability prediction formula of blowout fire is nonlinear fitted to obtain
   the intrinsic relationship between the probability of blowout fire and time.
   The case study shows that the built cost-benefit analysis model can be used
   to optimize the allocation of safety investments.  © 2018
DE blowout fire; blowout fire of offshore drilling platform; cost benefit
   analysis; dynamic probability prediction; safety investment allocation;
   system dynamics
ID blowout prevention; blowouts; civil defense; computer software; cost
   effectiveness; costs; drilling platforms; fireproofing; fires; forecasting;
   infill drilling; investments; offshore drilling; offshore oil well
   production; predictive analytics; system theory; cost effective; fire
   prevention; operational systems; prediction model; safety investments;
   safety measures; system dynamics; vensim softwares; cost benefit analysis

---

UT 527
AR Huang Y, 2014, INT CONF SERV SYST SERV MANAG ICSSSM - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/ICSSSM.2014.6874069
TI Study on safety stock control based on System Dynamics
AU Huang Y; Wang J/4
TC 2
SO INT CONF SERV SYST SERV MANAG ICSSSM - PROC
PY 2014
AB In order to reduce the safety stock level, improve safety inventory control
   strategy, on the basis of the hypothesis that both the market demand and the
   mean value and variance of lead time meet normal distribution, the author
   proposes safety stock control model on the basis method of System Dynamics
   which consider the cost factor.  Vensim for system simulation application to
   get safety stock level and safety stock accumulation increased with the
   level of customer service, demand uncertainty and cost curves.  In the end,
   the author puts forward a number of recommendations to optimize safety
   stock.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE customer service; safety stock; system dynamics; total cost
ID costs; normal distribution; system theory; control model; control
   strategies; customer services; demand uncertainty; safety stock; safety
   stock levels; system dynamics; system simulations; safety factor

---

UT 528
AR Ge H, 2020, PROC IEEE INT CONF ADV ELECTR ENG COMPUT APPL AEECA, P1054, DOI
   10.1109/AEECA49918.2020.9213485
TI Simulation Analysis of Error Transfer in Assembly Process of Mechanical
   Meta-Action Unit
AU Ge H; Wang T/1; Liu B; Liu Y; Yang M/1; Zhang C/3
TC 3
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF ADV ELECTR ENG COMPUT APPL AEECA
PY 2020
AB Aiming at the problem that it is difficult to control the mechanical
   assembly error in the process of transmission, this paper presents a dynamic
   model simulation method of error transmission system.  By analyzing the
   component structure of worm meta-action assembly unit, combining the error
   source and assembly dimension chain, the corresponding error transfer model
   of mechanical meta-action assembly process is established, and the assembly
   error transfer digraph is constructed; Based on the directed graph and using
   Vensim_ Ple software, the assembly error transfer accumulation model under
   system dynamics is established and simulated.  The simulation results show
   that the assembly error transfer accumulation of worm rotating meta-action
   unit is a step-up trend.  The comparison between the test results and the
   simulation results shows that the dynamic model of the error transfer
   accumulation system established has a high accuracy.  The simulation results
   have a certain practical significance for guiding the assembly error control
   in the transfer process.  © 2020 IEEE.
DE assembly error transfer; meta-action assembly unit; simulation of error
   transfer process
ID assembly; directed graphs; dynamic models; dynamics; errors; transmissions;
   accumulation model; assembly dimension chains; assembly process; component
   structure; mechanical assembly; model simulation; simulation analysis;
   transmission systems; process control

---

UT 529
AR Mo J, 2018, PROC IEEE ADV TECHNOL ELECTRON AUTOM CONTROL CONF IAEAC, P1288,
   DOI 10.1109/IAEAC.2018.8577615
TI Modeling and Simulation of Economic Evaluation of Regional Railway Projects
   in Western China Based on System Dynamics
AU Mo J; Liu X/4
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE ADV TECHNOL ELECTRON AUTOM CONTROL CONF IAEAC
PY 2018
AB The ongoing research establishes the economic evaluation model of the West
   China Regional Railway projects based on Vensim software, then the
   simulation analyses concerning the model are conducted.  Being the
   infrastructure of national economy, railway has been playing a vital role in
   economy and social development.  Therefore, the comprehensive economic
   evaluation comes as a necessity due to the urgent need to guarantee the
   accuracy and scientificity in decision-making process of railway project
   investing.  The system dynamics as a tool is associated with local railway
   projects to set up the model, and one of the projects is taken as an example
   to perform the simulation and analysis via Vinsem platform.  The paper
   mainly focuses on the financial evaluation analysis of the project, through
   the actual simulation of the project based on the model, a comprehensive and
   dynamic understanding of the profitability, the debt-paying ability and the
   economic reasonability of the project can be obtained, additionally, the
   sensibility of the system is detected to seek the key factors that affecting
   the feasibility of the model.  The result tells that: The results show that:
   The model is feasible and effective, the most sensitive factor is freight
   rate and volume.  © 2018 IEEE.
DE economic evaluation; railway projects; simulation and modeling; system
   dynamics
ID computer software; decision making; economic and social effects; electric
   power system interconnection; railroad plant and structures; railroad
   transportation; railroads; system theory; decision making process; economic
   evaluations; economic reasonability; financial evaluation; railway project;
   simulation and analysis; simulation and modeling; system dynamics; economic
   analysis

---

UT 530
AR Viana J, 2015, PROC WINTER SIMUL CONF, V2015-January, P1585, DOI
   10.1109/WSC.2014.7020010
TI Reflections on two approaches to hybrid simulation in healthcare
AU Viana J
TC 21
SO PROC WINTER SIMUL CONF
PY 2015
AB Hybrid simulation, the combination of simulation paradigms to address a
   problem is becoming more popular as the problems we are presented with
   become more complex.  This is evidenced by an increase in the number of
   hybrid papers published in specific domains and the number of hybrid
   simulation frameworks being produced across domains.  This paper focuses on
   two hybrid simulation models from a healthcare context.  The first uses
   system dynamics and discrete-event simulation and was developed using two
   separate software tools (Vensim and Simul8). The second uses agent-based and
   discrete-event simulation and was developed in a single software
   environment, Anylogic.  The reflections on these models add to the debate
   about the viability of hybrid modelling and suggest future steps to support
   the take up of the approach.  © 2014 IEEE.
ID discrete event simulation; health care; software agents; agent-based; hybrid
   modeling; hybrid simulation; simulation paradigm; software environments;
   system dynamics; computer aided software engineering

---

UT 531
AR Tomaskova H, 2019, PROCESS, V7, DOI 10.3390/pr7090582
TI Process cost management of Alzheimer's disease
AU Tomaskova H; Kopecky M; Maresova P
TC 10
SO PROCESS
PY 2019
AB Summary: Determining the cost of healthcare and social care for patients is
   a crucial issue for many parties; therefore, both public and private
   payments play a decisive role in patient care.  The article deals with the
   analysis of the possibilities of the simulation of costs related to
   Alzheimer's disease.  This disease is highly variable, and the cost items
   vary considerably.  Therefore, it is necessary to use simulation methods.
   The results of simulation models can then be implemented in sophisticated
   methods working with activity costs.  Findings: Models for health and social
   care are specific.  No significant re-engineering is expected in this area,
   so the models must be unambiguous and easy to understand for all
   representatives involved.  Modeling of business processes is thus a suitable
   means for analysis in this area.  The process cost calculation is built on
   two simulation models.  The first model is the Business Process Model and
   Notation (BPMN), the results of which are verified in the system dynamics
   model created in the stock and flow diagram.  The simulations results give
   us appropriate values for calculating the total activity-based costs of AD.
   Applications: The practical part of this article deals with the
   identification of costs related to Alzheimer's disease and their allocation
   concerning remedies.  Based on this information, models for Alzheimer's
   disease process cost management are developed.  Results: The BPMN simulation
   was performed for 100 passes through a fixed-length phase process.  The
   duration of each phase was set at 48, 108, and 40 months.  Five simulations
   were set up, each Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) score set, which
   affected the passage through the process.  Software Stella Professional was
   used for simulations for constant MMSE score values for the home and
   facility options.  The values are as follows: MMSE 5 = 1331.26 e(1627.72 €
   ); MMSE 15 = 1202.72 € (1102.02 € ); MMSE 25 = 1051.24 € (848.91 e).
   Conclusions: Both AD models created in this article produce comparable
   results, although each of them works on a different principle.  The results
   are based on the selection of original data, and at the same time, these
   models point to the processes and subprocesses that lead to the costs.  The
   description, specifications, and possible values of partial costs are
   crucial knowledge for persons in the management functions of public
   administration and self-government in the area of finance and management not
   in the field of specific diseases.  © 2019 by the authors.
DE alzheimer disease; bpmn; process cost management; simulation; system
   dynamics

---

UT 532
AR Yang X/2, 2013, TUMU GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V46, P119
TI Study on green residential building market simulation method based on system
   dynamics
AU Yang X/2; Wu Y/4
TC 5
SO TUMU GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2013
AB Under increasingly serious resource and environmental crisis, green
   residential building is more and more concerned by the government and will
   dominates the development of real estate companies.  Firstly, the
   definitions of green housing and green housing market are given, and the
   demand subsystem, decision-making subsystem and government behaviors
   subsystem are established based on systematic analysis.  Then causal
   feedback relationships are analyzed and flow chart of the system is drawn.
   Next, Vensim PLE software is used to simulate, forecast and analyze the
   green residential building market in Nanjing.  The analysis results shows
   that the future market will keep developing, get acceptance from consumers,
   own some market share and finally keep stable.  At last, some measurements
   and suggestions on the market development are put forward.  This simulation
   results are helpful to forecast different development stages of green
   housing market and provide a reference to the decisions of governments and
   real estate companies.
DE green residential building market; market simulation and forcast; system
   dynamics
ID competition; decision making; housing; industry; system theory; development
   stages; environmental crisis; forcast; green residential buildings; market
   development; real estate companies; system dynamics; systematic analysis;
   commerce

---

UT 533
AR Turner BL, 2016, NAT RESOUR MODEL, V29, P179, DOI 10.1111/nrm.12087
TI Development And Evaluation of a System Dynamics Model for Investigating
   Agriculturally Driven Land Transformation in the North Central United States
AU Turner BL; Wuellner M; Nichols T; Gates R; Tedeschi LO; Dunn BH
TC 16
SO NAT RESOUR MODEL
PY 2016
AB Land transformation from grassland to cropland in the Northern Great Plains
   (NGP) has become a growing concern among many stakeholders.  A growing body
   of work has sought to determine the amount and rate of land use change with
   less emphasis on the systemic structures or feedback processes of land use
   decisions.  This paper presents the development of a system dynamics
   simulation model to integrate ecological, economic, and social components
   influencing land use decisions, including cattle ranching, cropland
   production, rural communities, land quality, and public policies.
   Evaluation indicated that the model satisfactorily predicted historical
   land, agricultural commodity, and rural community data from the model
   structure.  Reference modes for key variables, including the farmland area,
   were characterized by a bias correction of 0.999, root mean squared error of
   prediction of 0.053, R2 of 0.921, and concordance correlation coefficient of
   0.0959. The model was robust under extreme and varying sensitivity tests, as
   well as adequately predicting land use under changing system context.  The
   model's major contributions were the inclusion of decision-making feedbacks
   from economic and social signals with connectivity to land quality and
   elasticity values that drive land transformation.  Limitations include lack
   of spatial input and output capabilities useful for visual interfacing.  ©
   2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
DE computer simulation; land transformation; model calibration; model
   development; model evaluation; northern great plains; system dynamics;
   vensim
ID agriculture; decision making; digital storage; economic and social effects;
   landforms; mean square error; rural areas; system theory; land quality; land
   transformation; land use decisions; model calibration; model development;
   model evaluation; northern great plains; rural community; system dynamics;
   vensim; land use

---

UT 534
AR Poornikoo M, 2019, J MODEL MANAG, V14, P610, DOI 10.1108/JM2-04-2018-0045
TI System dynamics modeling with fuzzy logic application to mitigate the
   bullwhip effect in supply chains
AU Poornikoo M; Qureshi MA
TC 22
SO J MODEL MANAG
PY 2019
AB Purpose: A plethora of studies focused on the cause and solutions for the
   bullwhip effect, and consequently many have successfully experimented to
   dampen the effect.  However, the feasibility of such studies and the actual
   contribution for supply chain performance are yet up for debate.  This paper
   aims to fill this gap by providing a holistic system-based perspective and
   proposes a fuzzy logic decision-making implementation for a single-product,
   three-echelon and multi-period supply chain system to mitigate such effect.
   Design/methodology/approach: This study uses system dynamics (SD) as the
   central modeling method for which Vensim® is used as a tool for hybrid
   simulation.  Further, the authors used MATLAB for undertaking fuzzy logic
   modeling and constructing a fuzzy inference system that is later on
   incorporated into SD model for interaction with the main supply chain
   structure.  Findings: This research illustrated the usefulness of fuzzy
   estimations based on experts’ linguistically and logically defined
   parameters instead of relying merely on the traditional demand forecasting
   based on time series.  Despite the increased complexity of the calculations
   and structure of the fuzzy model, the bullwhip effect has been considerably
   decreased resulting in an improved supply chain performance.  Practical
   implications: This dynamic modeling approach is not only useful in supply
   chain management but also the model developed for this study can be
   integrated into a corporate financial planning model.  Further, this model
   enables optimization for an automated system in a company, where decision-
   makers can adjust the fuzzy variables according to various situations and
   inventory policies.  Originality/value: This study presents a systemic
   approach to deal with uncertainty and vagueness in dynamic models, which
   might be a major cause in generating the bullwhip effect.  For this purpose,
   the combination between fuzzy set theory and system dynamics is a
   significant step forward.  © 2019, Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE bullwhip effect; fuzzy logic; simulation; supply chain; system dynamics

---

UT 535
AR Wei M, 2018, INT CONF LOGIST INFORMATICS SERV SCI LISS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/LISS.2018.8593268
TI Simulation of Knowledge Transfer within the Project Team
AU Wei M; Ren X/1; Hao S
TC 1
SO INT CONF LOGIST INFORMATICS SERV SCI LISS - PROC
PY 2018
AB This paper analyzes the impact of knowledge transfer subjects' motivation,
   capacity and cultural difference on project knowledge transfer from the
   perspective of the knowledge sender and knowledge receiver.  Based on this,
   we construct a system dynamics model of project knowledge transfer and
   conduct the validity test and sensitivity analysis of the model by Vensim
   PLE software.  The simulation result shows that the knowledge transfer
   motivation and expression capacity of the knowledge sender can promote
   knowledge transmission and reception in the project team, while knowledge
   transfer motivation and absorptive capacity of the knowledge receiver only
   affect knowledge reception.  Meanwhile, the positive effect of knowledge
   innovation capacity of the both sides and the negative effect of cultural
   difference on project knowledge transmission and reception are also proved.
   © 2018 IEEE.
DE capacity; cultural difference; knowledge transfer; knowledge transfer
   subject; motivation; project
ID informatics; motivation; sensitivity analysis; software testing; capacity;
   cultural difference; knowledge innovation; knowledge transfer; knowledge
   transmissions; project; simulation of knowledge; system dynamics model;
   knowledge management

---

UT 536
AR Singh R, 2016, KYBERNETES, V45, P411, DOI 10.1108/K-05-2014-0111
TI System dynamics to turnaround an Indian microfinance institution
AU Singh R; Bhar C
TC 4
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2016
AB Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to present a policy comparison tool
   for Indian Microfinance Institutions (MFIs) so that they can choose the best
   policy for implementation.  It provides for turnaround of a troubled MFI by
   analyzing the performance of different policies.
   Design/methodology/approach – The paper has done a web survey to identify
   the need of a strategic tool for MFI. It has built a Decision Support System
   (DSS) using system dynamics.  A corporate model of MFI has been constructed
   using iThink 10.0.2 software.  A quantitative validity test has been done to
   find the robustness of the model.  Finally four policies are tested and the
   performance indicators have been used to suggest the best policy.  Apart
   from this DSS is used to test the implementation range of a policy.
   Findings – “Integration of Microfinance with country’s mainstream financial
   system along with provisioning 1 percent of outstanding loans” is
   recommended for the MFI as this will increase the financial performance.
   Research limitations/implications – In its present form the corporate model
   developed for MFI is not applicable for judging social performance.
   Therefore MFIs might be sceptic toward it.  However, incorporation of
   certain performance indicators such as financial-self-sufficiency ratio
   might help in overcoming this reluctance.  Practical implications –
   “Integration of Microfinance with country’s mainstream financial system
   along with restricting provision” will generate better performance for the
   MFI. Therefore this policy should be implemented by the MFI. There are other
   considerations which need to be taken into account while implementing this
   policy.  The integration may require outsourcing of certain operations to
   banks, utilization of bank branches to disseminate knowledge related to the
   conduct of transactions, usage of customized bank software to handle the
   day-to-day business, development of new softwares for mobile messaging to
   help poor customers avail of schemes run by the banks, fill loan application
   forms online, send reminders for loan recovery; provide incentives such as
   upgradation of poor customers to become regular customers of banks.  Social
   implications – By improving the health of the MFI a bigger goal to reach the
   poor will be achieved in the long run.  The MFI has around five million
   clients at present and if the company becomes insolvent then the future of
   these clients is going to be impacted.  The organization has interacted
   closely with these clients and therefore knows how to upgrade their
   financial state.  Originality/value – The tool is first of its kind in the
   microfinance industry.  So far the microfinance technology providers have
   dealt with Management Information System and Information and Communication
   Technology.  The tool has been built to present a quantitative model for
   overall operations of the MFI. The simulation of this model helps in
   predicting future scenarios.  © 2016, © Emerald Group Publishing Limited.
DE microfinance; system dynamics
ID application programs; artificial intelligence; benchmarking; decision
   support systems; information management; integration; sales; system theory;
   decision support system ( dss ); design/methodology/approach; information
   and communication technologies; microfinance; microfinance technologies;
   performance indicators; quantitative modeling; system dynamics; finance

---

UT 537
AR Gaikwad SM/1, 2016, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V379, P743, DOI
   10.1007/978-81-322-2517-1_71
TI System dynamics modeling for analyzing recovery rate of diabetic patients by
   mapping sugar content in ice cream and sugar intake for the day
AU Gaikwad SM/1; Joshi RR; Mulay P
TC 6
SO ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT
PY 2016
AB Ice cream is a complex colloidal system, usually formed by structural
   compounds viz., air bubbles, fat, and ice crystals which are dispersed in a
   matrix consisting of a solution of sugars, proteins, stabilizers,
   emulsifiers, dyes, and scents.  This paper presents system dynamics model
   based on the Vensim tool and this model contains equations derived for
   diabetic and non-diabetic patients and common health conscious people as
   well.  Very effectual results have been obtained from the derived model
   suggesting best suitable ice cream for mapping diabetes patients, which is
   different from health conscious people and normal crowd.  © Springer India
   2016.
DE diabetic patient; ice cream; system dynamics; vensim simulation

---

UT 538
AR Uludag S, 2018, IEEE TECHNOL ENG MANAG CONF TEMSCON, DOI
   10.1109/TEMSCON.2018.8488408
TI Systems thinking, a modelling tool for managing change in a mining
   environment
AU Uludag S; Pretorius L
TC 1
SO IEEE TECHNOL ENG MANAG CONF TEMSCON
PY 2018
AB In a complex mining environment sub processes are interlinked and dependent
   on each other.  At each step of mining the actions of one heavily impact on
   the next process.  The objective of this paper is to review the current
   mining environment and demonstrate whether it is possible to simulate a big
   surface mine in order to determine the impact of new technology or change of
   processes.  The paper will discuss the approach taken to simulate the
   current and the future conditions.  For this study, an openpit mine has been
   selected where iron ore is the only commodity.  The initial aim of the
   broader study was to justify the need for drill rig automation in big mines
   and determine the value creation by means of simulation techniques.  This
   paper will present the conceptual model developed to justify the need for
   automation specifically in the drilling process.  The tool selected to
   achieve the objective is a System Dynamics tool called VENSIM. The process
   of creating the model and the logic behind the system dynamics is discussed.
   The conceptual model is presented with important focus areas in such a
   modelling attempt.  Each mining process can be represented with stock and
   flow diagrams.  The connections between each level is used to define the
   behavior of the system.  A system will respond with three types of behavior;
   reaction, response and action.  While reaction is sufficient, response is
   necessary when reaction is not sufficient.  When this fails too, a change is
   required which is called an action.  All these responses have a goal towards
   state-maintaining, goal-seeking and purposeful systems.  State-maintaining
   systems often react to changes to maintain the state.  A goal-seeking system
   is the one responds differently to a sequence of events until it reaches its
   purpose.  A purposeful system can produce results in the same as well as
   different environments [5]. © 2018 IEEE.
DE conceptual modeling; mine simulation; mining; system dynamics; value
ID drilling rigs; infill drilling; iron ores; mining; conceptual model; mining
   environments; new technologies; purposeful systems; sequence of events;
   simulation technique; system dynamics; value; system theory

---

UT 539
AR Wang J/1, 2019, INT CONF MANAG ICIM, P34, DOI 10.1109/INFOMAN.2019.8714673
TI Research on Dynamic Model of Interorganizational Information System
   Diffusion Based on System Dynamics
AU Wang J/1; Zhang X/12; Li C/3
TC 1
SO INT CONF MANAG ICIM
PY 2019
AB The diffusion of interorganizational information system is a dynamic
   process.  Studying the dynamic changes of IOIS from a macro perspective can
   not only promote the further spread of IOIS, but also have guiding
   significance for enterprises to adopt IOIS. We used the system dynamics
   method to construct the dynamic model of IOIS diffusion, used the
   sensitivity analysis method to carry out the model test, and selected Vensim
   to carry out the system simulation for the model.  The simulation results
   shown that government policy support and guidance, bank loan ability, impact
   of adoption organizations, university(scientific research
   institution)support and support of software companies have different degrees
   of influence on IOIS diffusion.  © 2019 IEEE.
DE diffusion; inter-organizational information system ( iois ); model
   simulation; system dynamics
ID computer software; dynamic models; information management; information
   systems; information use; sensitivity analysis; system theory; dynamic
   process; guiding significances; inter-organizational information system;
   model simulation; scientific researches; software company; system dynamics;
   system simulations; diffusion

---

UT 540
AR Qi S-J, 2011, XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO, V43, P665
TI Study on influence mechanism of real estate market tacking account of the
   second hand housing transaction under macro-control policy
AU Qi S-J; Zhang Y-B
TC 0
SO XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2011
AB For different income groups, new house and second hand house comprise the
   real estate market classified hierarchically.  The second hand house
   transaction can divert the demand from the new house market, and curb the
   new house demand and price in short term, but it adds the new house demand
   from the sellers of the second hand house in the long run, which promotes
   the new house market.  The interactive mechanism among the real estate
   market, the second hand house transaction and its policy intervention was
   analyzed with System Dynamics, and the dynamic mechanism and dynami model
   was set up.  The dynamic model runs in Vensim PLE software using the data
   from Xiamen.  The coefficient of the intervention policy of second-hand
   housing transaction was chosen as the control variable for simulation, and
   the influence degree of different policy scenarios on real estate market was
   analyzed.  Three types of effective and positive countermeasures were
   proposed to advice Xiamen government to curb the excessive price increases
   and promote the development of relevant industries.
DE dynamical mechanism; dynamical model; influence mechanism; macro-control
   policy; real estate market; second hand house

---

UT 541
AR Peterková J, 2011, PROC INT CARPATHIAN CONTROL CONF ICCC, P298, DOI
   10.1109/CarpathianCC.2011.5945867
TI Simulation model applied to food industry
AU Peterková J; Němčík P; Gottfried J
TC 2
SO PROC INT CARPATHIAN CONTROL CONF ICCC
PY 2011
AB Contemporary enterprise strategy has to be based on enterprise's system
   supporting enterprise's innovation potential (enterprise innovation
   infrastructure). The foundations of entrepreneurship should follow new
   philosophy: "Innovate or die". The aim of the paper is to point out
   important links between enterprise's innovation potential and its
   competitiveness simulated on Vensim software.  Mathematical instruments were
   used for creation of Innovative Management model, which displays how firms
   gain a competitive advantage on a market due to innovation.  The developed
   model is applied in a food industry, especially freezing firms and capturing
   their basic characteristics.  © 2011 IEEE.
DE ice cream market; innovation potential; management simulators; system
   dynamics
ID commerce; thermal processing ( foods ); basic characteristics; competitive
   advantage; enterprise strategies; ice creams; innovation infrastructures;
   innovation potential; management simulators; system dynamics; competition

---

UT 542
AR Mekki S, 2012, CAIRO INT BIOMED ENG CONF CIBEC, P104, DOI
   10.1109/CIBEC.2012.6473299
TI A system dynamics based model for medical equipment maintenance procedure
   planning in developing countries
AU Mekki S; Wahed MA; Wahba KK; Ouda BK
TC 6
SO CAIRO INT BIOMED ENG CONF CIBEC
PY 2012
AB Clinical Engineering (CE) department activities include acquisition,
   maintenance of medical instrumentation, health technology assessment,
   medical informatics, and risk management.  In this work the authors focus on
   maintenance activities in developing countries where there is a lack of
   acquisition planning, assessment, budgeting planning, and critical equipment
   breakdown.  In the past decade there has been an explosion in the use of
   system dynamics modeling in healthcare.  In this paper a system dynamics
   based model for medical equipment maintenance is designed; it incorporates 8
   key variables that influence the progress of medical equipment maintenance.
   This model shows the effect of changing a key variable on the others.  This
   model is intended to maximize the quality and to minimize the cost and time
   of medical equipment maintenance.  This is developed in a causal loop
   diagram, which is a cause and effect diagram.  iThink software has been used
   in the development of this model, together with vensim in the development of
   the causal loop diagram.  The results show that the critical variables for
   maintenance are the defect rate, breakdown rate, and maintenance cost.  In
   conclusion the medical equipment maintenance cost determines the decision
   for acquiring new equipment.  The type and number of equipment to be
   acquired is determined according to the available budget.  © 2012 IEEE.
DE medical equipment maintenance; simulation model; system dynamics
ID budget control; computer simulation; developing countries; health care;
   maintenance; mergers and acquisitions; risk management; system theory;
   cause-and-effect diagram; health technology assessments; maintenance
   activity; medical equipment maintenance; medical instrumentation; simulation
   model; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; biomedical equipment

---

UT 543
AR Li L-L, 2017, ZHONGGUO HUANJING KEXUE, V37, P4388
TI Dynamic simulation of policy implications for the water resources carrying
   capacity of megacities
AU Li L-L; Xu L-Y
TC 6
SO ZHONGGUO HUANJING KEXUE
PY 2017
AB Water resources in the megacities could be affected by policies under
   certain circumstances, especially the water shortage cities in North China.
   A dynamic model of water resources carrying capacity (WRCC) integrated with
   policy, water resource, economic and population indicators was built using
   Stella software.  The model was based on the method of system dynamics to
   simulate the response characteristics of WRCC with or without policy
   interventionsandtake Beijing as a case study.  The results showed that the
   South to North Water Diversion policy will bring an early water security
   state in Beijing for twenty years in advance, which reflects that the water
   resources in megacities are strongly affected by human intervention.  The
   optimum point of water transfer is 1.6 billion cubic meters.Beyond that, the
   effects of increasing water-transfer will be diminishing.  Contribution in
   drought year is more prominent.  The evaluation results can provide
   reference for the optimization of the water resources between north and
   south, and help to ensure the water security of the megacities.  © 2017,
   Editorial Board of China Environmental Science.  All right reserved.
DE beijing; megacity; policy control; system dynamics; water resources carrying
   capacity
ID flood control; public policy; system theory; water supply; beijing;
   megacities; policy control; system dynamics; water resources carrying
   capacities; water resources

---

UT 544
AR Wang Z/5, 2018, SIMUL, V94, P943, DOI 10.1177/0037549717746750
TI Evaluating transportation infrastructure investment on a regional level: a
   system dynamics simulation
AU Wang Z/5; Zhang Y/10; Lian L; Chu C
TC 10
SO SIMUL
PY 2018
AB Transportation infrastructure investment (TII) has significant influence on
   regional economic development.  This paper aims to measure the potential
   economic impact of TII and to help policymakers to evaluate different
   alternatives and strategies at the regional level through a system dynamics
   (SD) approach.  First, an SD model is established to simulate the impact of
   TII on the economy and employment.  The relationship between transportation
   investments and economic development is examined and the relevant employment
   and economic indicators are identified.  Second, the variables, flow
   diagrams, and structural equations of the SD model are defined.  Third, the
   program Vensim is employed to establish the SD model with economy,
   transportation, and employment subsystems.  It is then calibrated based on
   the historical statistics data in Liaoning Province, China.  Finally,
   scenario analysis of different transportation investment plans is presented.
   The results will help investors, policymakers, and government agencies to
   estimate the potential outcomes of proposed transportation investment plans
   and to further develop optimal policies for transportation investment.  ©
   The Author(s) 2018.
DE economics; employment; impact evaluation; system dynamics; transportation
   infrastructure investment; vensim
ID economic and social effects; economics; employment; regional planning;
   system theory; economic development; impact evaluation; regional economic
   development; system dynamics; system dynamics simulation; transportation
   infrastructures; transportation investments; vensim; investments

---

UT 545
AR Novotny A, 2017, PROC INT BUS MANAG ASSOC CONF IBIMA - VIS SUSTAIN ECON DEV
   INNOV MANAG GLOB GROWTH, V2017-January, P2544
TI Some aspects of system dynamics application in czech defence strategic
   management
AU Novotny A; Procházka D
TC 0
SO PROC INT BUS MANAG ASSOC CONF IBIMA - VIS SUSTAIN ECON DEV INNOV MANAG GLOB
   GROWTH
PY 2017
AB The article deals with the topic of system dynamics application in strategic
   management.  After several years of reducing of the Czech defence budget
   there is a reversal and the Czech Ministry of Defence begins to manage the
   increased budget.  This represents a new challenge and opportunity.  One of
   the instruments, how to reach new capabilities, is application of system
   dynamics.  The application of systemic dynamics to the problem of military
   capabilities is given by the very nature of the process of building military
   capabilities.  Some aspects of capability and equipment life cycles and
   human resources or personnel development are discussed.  Application of
   system dynamics to military personnel career policy is demonstrated by means
   of simulation in Vensim application.  © 2017 International Business
   Information Management Association IBIMA. All Rights Reserved.
DE defense policy; dynamic system; strategic management; vensim
ID budget control; dynamical systems; information management; strategic
   planning; sustainable development; system theory; czech ministry of
   defenses; defense budgets; defense policy; military capability; military
   personnels; personnel development; strategic management; vensim; economic
   and social effects

---

UT 546
AR Golroudbary SR, 2015, SIMUL MODEL PR THEORY, V53, P88, DOI
   10.1016/j.simpat.2015.02.001
TI System dynamics model for optimizing the recycling and collection of waste
   material in a closed-loop supply chain
AU Golroudbary SR; Zahraee SM
TC 129
SO SIMUL MODEL PR THEORY
PY 2015
AB Abstract To meet the immediate environmental challenges and sustainable
   development, Closed-loop Supply Chain (CLSC) management has become
   increasingly important and urgent.  This is in lieu with some severe
   problems such as global ecological damage, resource wastages and shortages
   and pollution of the environment, and discretionary exploitation of natural
   resources.  On the other hand, re-manufacturing of used merchandise and
   bringing them back to the market provides environmental and customer
   benefits to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), in addition to cutting
   back their production cost.  This paper aims at evaluating the system
   behavior of an electrical manufacturing company as a case of study, by using
   System Dynamics (SD) simulating of Closed-loop Supply Chain (CLSC). VENSIM
   PLE software developed the simulation model.  Based on the initial result,
   customer satisfaction and Green Image Factor (GIF) are lacking in the
   system.  Therefore, to tackle this issue, an improvement model with a
   collection center was proposed.  Results derived from the improved model
   presented a data of which the demand backlog level fell by 21.19%.
   Furthermore, the customer satisfaction in the system rose by 21.6%. In
   addition, as a result of an increase in GIF level from 14.80% to 48.1%, the
   return products rate rose from 184 items to 614. The method in this research
   can be used to investigate a variety of CLSC systems and their effects
   before implementing them in real life.  © 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights
   reserved.
DE closed-loop supply chain; optimization; sustainability; system dynamics
ID chains; computer software; customer satisfaction; cutting equipment;
   manufacture; optimization; sales; supply chains; system theory; closed-loop
   supply chain; closed-loop supply chains ( clsc ); ecological damage;
   environmental challenges; manufacturing companies; original equipment
   manufacturers; system dynamics; system dynamics model; sustainable
   development

---

UT 547
AR Yan B, 2017, SIMUL, V93, P973, DOI 10.1177/0037549717706169
TI Multi-level two-way cross-chain inventory coordination model that combines
   the same level with different levels in multi-supply chains
AU Yan B; Cai C-Y; Shi P
TC 2
SO SIMUL
PY 2017
AB A cross-chain inventory emergency replenishment model that comprises the
   enterprises of manufacturers, wholesalers, and retailers at the same level
   and at different levels based on a co-opetition relationship in cluster
   supply chains is constructed in this work.  The model is built by studying
   two three-level supply chains that each comprises manufacturers,
   wholesalers, and retailers using the system dynamics method.  Subsequently,
   the proposed cross-chain inventory collaboration model is compared with
   currently available models and then simulated using the system dynamics
   simulation software Vensim.  Simulation results show that the proposed model
   further improves existing theoretical research achievements in the field
   both locally and abroad, thereby advancing theoretical research on cross-
   chain inventory collaboration.  This study also provides decision-making
   references for the practice of inventory collaboration among enterprises in
   industrial clusters.  © 2017 Author(s).
DE cross-chain; emergency complementary; inventory; multi-supply chain; supply
   chain management; system dynamics
ID decision making; manufacture; supply chain management; system theory;
   cluster supply chain; collaboration models; emergency complementary;
   inventory; inventory coordination; system dynamics; system dynamics
   simulation; theoretical research; computer software

---

UT 548
AR Rastova YuI, 2018, MANAG SCI, V8, P20, DOI 10.26794/2404-022X-2018-8-3-20-31
TI Strategic management of a modern organization: Concept synergy effect;
   [стратегическое управление современной организацией: эффект синергии
   концепций]
AU Rastova YuI; Rastov MA
TC 4
SO MANAG SCI
PY 2018
AB The article states that in the management theory there is a contrast between
   the concepts of effective corporate governance and the management of
   business processes, while the process approach solves a number of problems
   of improving the model and practice of corporate governance.  The purpose of
   the study is to demonstrate the sources of synergies from the implementation
   of strategic management using the principles, models and tools of the
   process approach.  The methodological basis of this article is the
   presentation of a Balanced Scorecard (BSC) as the business process framework
   for strategic management of the company, and the BSC tools — the strategic
   map and key performance indicators — as attributes of its maturity
   assessment in accordance with the requirements of the ISO /IEC 15504 series
   standards, its measurement and control, respectively.  In the article
   results of an estimation of experts of economic services of some companies
   of practice of application of key indicators of efficiency and strategic
   cards from positions of process efficiency are resulted.  A number of
   proposals are formulated to develop the methodology and improve the practice
   of applying a balanced system of indicators in the management of a modern
   organization through process efficiency tools — the system dynamics model,
   statistical process control and reliability management.  The importance of
   transforming the strategic map into a full-scale cause-effect diagram is
   emphasized by including in the model feedback loops and supplementing it
   with formal flow diagrams, as well as a system of differential equations
   using automated systems and graphic and visual modeling languages (ELMA BPM,
   DYNAMO, Ithink). At the same time, the practice of statistical verification
   and measuring the possible consequences of strategic decisions and the
   “processing” of risk should be formed.  formation of the information-logical
   structure of strategic management of the company using the model and tools
   of the process approach will allow to formalize its procedures and results,
   providing prerequisites for efficiency and continuous improvement, achieving
   a new level of competitiveness and relationships with owners, personnel, and
   the market.  © 2018 INFORMS Inst.for Operations Res.and the Management
   Sciences.  All rights reserved.
DE balanced scorecard; business process management; corporate governance;
   strategic management; system dynamics
ID automation; benchmarking; differential equations; efficiency; human resource
   management; iso standards; modeling languages; statistical process control;
   strategic planning; visual languages; continuous improvements; key
   performance indicators; measurement and control; reliability management;
   statistical verification; system dynamics model; system of differential
   equations; visual modeling languages; information management

---

UT 549
AR Saryazdi AHG, 2018, INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG, V35, P1445, DOI
   10.1108/IJQRM-05-2017-0102
TI Waste management in a wire and cable company through system dynamics
   approach
AU Saryazdi AHG; Ghavidel M
TC 3
SO INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG
PY 2018
AB Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to investigate the dynamics of waste
   production in the product structure of a wire and cable manufacturing
   company that deals with a high-volume waste and proposes strategies that
   reduce product costs.  Design/methodology/approach: The methodology for this
   research is descriptive and expressive modeling in a way that theories of
   research have been extracted from literature and field studies have been
   done based on the company specialists’ views.  The system dynamics has been
   used to analyze and model waste in a wire and cable firm.  Findings:
   Applying SD approach in the paper not only helps to identify the structure
   of producing the waste, which is complicated and dynamic, but also proposes
   ways to reduce them and illustrate the applied results.  The second outcome
   shows that in the waste management there should be a digression in a
   managerial view to the systematic thought.  In the other word as in the
   system dynamic approach, the expansion of the model boundary is one of the
   objectives to find appropriate solution.  The behavior model showed that in
   the waste management the most effective way to reduce the waste is to buy
   qualified raw material which is out of the firm.  Originality/value: This
   paper not only shows that the system dynamic approach is appropriate for the
   waste management problems which are complicated and dynamic but also proved
   that in the waste management system the solutions are not always near or
   within the firm.  They should be identified by a systematic approach.  ©
   2018, Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE system dynamics approach; vensim software; waste management

---

UT 550
AR Li M/5, 2014, COMPUT BIOL MED, V47, P58, DOI
   10.1016/j.compbiomed.2013.09.024
TI The problem of unreasonably high pharmaceutical fees for patients in Chinese
   hospitals: A system dynamics simulation model
AU Li M/5; Zhu Y/4; Xue C; Liu Y; Zhang L/6
TC 15
SO COMPUT BIOL MED
PY 2014
AB The social problem of unreasonably high pharmaceutical costs for patients in
   Chinese hospitals damages the interests of patients and it has a highly
   negative impact on the long-term development of the Chinese health service.
   We constructed a system dynamics model to address two problems, i.e., the
   unreasonably high prices of drugs and the high level of pharmaceutical fees
   relative to the medical costs of patients, and we suggest countermeasures
   and possible solutions.  The program Vensim DSS was used to construct a
   system dynamics model to represent the problem of high pharmaceutical fees
   for patients in Chinese hospitals.  If hospital and medical staff receive a
   higher kickback rate, they are more likely to prescribe unnecessary
   expensive drugs to make greater profits, which results in unnecessary drug
   consumption and irrational drug use, eventually leading to unreasonably high
   pharmaceutical fees.  The benefit chain of the main drug suppliers should be
   cut off.  It is necessary to break the link between the profits from
   pharmaceutical sales and the prescribing behavior of physicians, and
   hospital incomes, to avoid any conflicts of interest over how medicines are
   prescribed.  Thus, cost-containment measures and a reformed pharmaceutical
   distribution system are needed to regulate physicians and hospital
   interaction.  © 2013 The Authors.
ID china; computer simulation; delivery of health care; fees pharmaceutical;
   fraud; hospitals; humans; physicians; prescriptions

---

UT 551
AR Kukartsev VV, 2018, INT RUSS AUTOM CONF RUSAUTOCON, DOI
   10.1109/RUSAUTOCON.2018.8501776
TI The simulation model of fixed assets reproduction of mechanical engineering
   enterprises
AU Kukartsev VV; Boyko AA/1; Antamoshkin OA
TC 20
SO INT RUSS AUTOM CONF RUSAUTOCON
PY 2018
AB This article represents a description of the model of a reproduction of
   fixed assets (FA) of the enterprise in natural form, which is a tool for
   automating the process of developing a strategy for the progress of a
   machine-building enterprise fixed assets.  The process of reproduction of
   the enterprise's FA is a socio-economic, complex, artificial, controlled,
   dynamic, discrete-continuous, stochastic, and open system.  The methodology
   of system analysis was applied to analyze systems of this class, using the
   principles as follows: purposefulness, detachment, decomposition,
   functionality, and development.  These principles of system analysis are
   formalized in the form of a complex of various models such as canonical;
   hierarchical; the composition of system elements; internal structure;
   functioning and development of the system.  This article also shows an
   imitation-dynamic model of the reproduction of machines and equipment of a
   machine-building enterprise.  The model is developed on the basis of the
   method of system dynamics and tools of Powersim Studio, which is integrated
   into the widely used ERP system Sap R/3. The model shown is basic and
   simulates the process of reproducing equipment in natural form.  The model
   was used as an automation tool for researching various variants of the
   reproduction of machines and equipment in a machine-building enterprise.
   The research done allows drawing a conclusion that the built simulation-
   dynamic model is quite universal and on its basis, it is possible to do
   various researches concerning various aspects of reproduction of the
   equipment of the enterprises.  © 2018 IEEE.
DE machine building enterprises; reproduction of fixed assets; system dynamics
ID dynamic models; enterprise resource planning; stochastic systems; system
   theory; systems analysis; automation tools; engineering enterprise; fixed
   assets; imitation dynamics; internal structure; machine building enterprise;
   simulation model; system dynamics; automation

---

UT 552
AR Ma K, 2016, INT J SIMUL SYST SCI TECHNOL, V17, P16.1, DOI
   10.5013/IJSSST.a.17.01.16
TI Competitive products’ diffusion behavior considering cost learning effect
   based on system dynamics
AU Ma K; Liu G; Ma J; Zhang D/3; Zhao Y/3
TC 0
SO INT J SIMUL SYST SCI TECHNOL
PY 2016
AB Bass Model, the most representative accomplishment in the field of product
   diffusion, is built on a series of assumptions which seriously limit the
   applied range of the model.  This paper improves Bass Model so that it could
   be applied to competitive products.  Also, this paper presents an expression
   of the analytical form of product margins.  By taking the unit variable
   cost’s learning effect into consideration, its impacts on product gains was
   analyzed and proved theoretically.  The traditional mathematical model being
   utilized to describe the product diffusion procedure was converted into
   system dynamics model.  The validity of the model was proved qualitatively
   through the simulation by harnessing Vensim software.  Besides, sensitivity
   analysis of variants was conducted to explore the typical parameters and to
   see in which way they would have influence on the model.  Variable analysis
   and the results of model simulation further reflect the interactions and
   system structural characteristics of various factors which have a bearing on
   the product diffusion.  The structural properties are thoroughly studied,
   thus provide a solid base for setting the strategies concerning product
   development and diffusion process.  © 2016, UK Simulation Society.  All
   rights reserved.
DE learning effect; modeling; product diffusion; simulation; system dynamics
ID computer software; models; sensitivity analysis; system theory; diffusion
   behavior; learning effects; product diffusion; simulation; structural
   characteristics; system dynamics; system dynamics model; variable analysis;
   diffusion

---

UT 553
AR Java O, 2020, BALT J MOD COMP, V8, P379, DOI 10.22364/BJMC.2020.8.3.01
TI Hydrological model for decision-making: Männikjärve bog case study, Estonia
AU Java O; Kohv M; Lõhmus A
TC 3
SO BALT J MOD COMP
PY 2020
AB In order to support the conservation of bog ecosystem over its geographic
   range and its genetic diversity, marginal areas of lower quality as a result
   of damage or degradation which abut active raised bogs may need to be
   included, protected and, where practicable, regenerated.  There are very few
   intact or near-intact raised bogs in Europe, except in Finland and Sweden
   where active raised bogs are the predominant mire complex type in hemiboreal
   and southern boreal regions (European Commission, 2013). Leaf area index is
   an important parameter as it emblematize vegetation.  After the construction
   of drainage, bogs usually become overgrown with trees, the restoration of
   the ecosystem requires vegetation manipulation.  There are many degraded
   bogs in Estonia and Latvia that have overgrown with trees, and this type of
   simulation model would help to calculate the right tree cutting intensity to
   reduce the impact of evaporation and interception of trees on the water
   balance of the bog, thereby contributing to the restoration of the bogs.
   This article describes the case study of Männikjärve’s bog where system
   dynamics simulation model for decision-making, built in Stella Architect
   environment, was validated.  © 2020 Fundacao Getulio Vargas.  All rights
   reserved.
DE bog restoration; hydrological modeling; model validation; simulation
   modeling; system dynamics

---

UT 554
AR Zhao Y, 2019, PROC IEEE INT CONF SAF PROD INFORMATIZ IICSPI, P76, DOI
   10.1109/IICSPI.2018.8690447
TI System Dynamical Simulation of Risk Perception for Enterprise Employee
AU Zhao Y; Zhang M/5; Song J/4; Zhang Y/11
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF SAF PROD INFORMATIZ IICSPI
PY 2019
AB In order to explore the dynamic evolution of risk perception for enterprise
   employee, system dynamical model for employees' risk perception is
   established from three agents: enterprise organization, enterprise manager
   and employee.  Vensim software is used to simulate the evolutionary rule of
   employee's risk perception.  The results show that the trend of employee's
   risk perception will periodically rise and decline, and reach to a higher
   degree than before; the employee's risk perception will drop significantly
   by reducing the risk severity; when safety culture is increased, there will
   be a delay before rise; when the manager's safety concern and the safety
   supervision are increased, the employee's risk perception will increase, but
   the impact caused by manager's safety concern will be more obvious than
   safety supervision.  These research results can provide a theoretical
   reference for the government and companies.  © 2018 IEEE.
DE complex adaptive system ( cas ); risk perception; simulation; system dynamic
   ( sd )
ID human resource management; managers; safety engineering; complex adaptive
   systems; dynamic evolution; dynamical simulation; evolutionary rules;
   research results; safety supervision; simulation; system dynamics; risk
   perception

---

UT 555
AR Séguin R, 2015, ICORES - INT CONF OPER RES ENTERP SYST PROC, P51, DOI
   10.5220/0005234700510062
TI PARSim, a simulation model of the royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) pilot
   occupation: An assessment of the pilot occupation sustainability under high
   student production and reduced flying rates
AU Séguin R
TC 11
SO ICORES - INT CONF OPER RES ENTERP SYST PROC
PY 2015
AB Training personnel to operate extremely complex and expensive equipment
   requires a large monetary investment and takes lengthy periods of time.  It
   goes without saying that careful planning is of the outmost importance.
   Such is the case for military pilots.  The Pilot Production, Absorption,
   Retention Simulation (PARSim) model that was developed by the Centre for
   Operational Research and Analysis (CORA) simulates the flow of pilots from
   recruitment, through training, onto the operational training units and into
   the various operational fleets, accounting for attrition, instructor pilots
   and staff requirements.  A key feature of the model is that it simulates the
   acquisition of experience, dynamically adjusting the experience acquisition
   rate in response to the existing experience level on the squadrons and the
   availability of resources.  The model is a tool that can be used to perform
   what-if analysis quickly and easily.  This paper describes the simulation
   model and reports on a study where the impact of high production combined
   with reduced budgets is analysed.  Copyright © 2015 SCITEPRESS - Science and
   Technology Publications All rights reserve.
DE force generation; military occupation; personnel management; pilot
   absorption; pilot production; powersim; simulation; system dynamics
ID budget control; employment; human resource management; operations research;
   pilot plants; force generation; military occupation; personnel management;
   pilot production; powersim; simulation; system dynamics; personnel training

---

UT 556
AR Dale M, 2012, ECOL ECON, V73, P158, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2011.10.028
TI Global energy modelling - A biophysical approach (GEMBA) Part 2: Methodology
AU Dale M; Krumdieck S; Bodger P
TC 60
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2012
AB Economists, investors and policy makers need to understand the changing
   climate of energy systems and the potential for investment in both
   alternative energy supply and demand side efficiency and management
   technologies.  Biophysical economics has contributed to conventional
   economics by incorporating thermodynamic and ecological principles and
   emphasising the importance of natural resources to the economic process.
   This paper is presented in two parts.  Part 1 gives a historic review of
   biophysical economics and discusses some previous models of the energy-
   economy system built around the principles of biophysical economics.  Part 2
   presents the GEMBA model - a new modelling methodology in the biophysical
   economics tradition.  Themethodology proposes a new and important
   contribution to the field of biophysical economics; a lifetime evolving
   function for the dynamics of the energy return on investment (EROI). In the
   development stage of a new resource, EROI increases due to technological
   learning, market growth and capital investment.  EROI then reaches a peak as
   diminishing returns are experienced on further technological innovation and
   capital investment.  In the later stage EROI declines over time as the most
   accessible resources are developed first, resources become depleted, or
   scarcity develops for materials needed to extract, process or convert the
   energy for the market.  EROI can also diminish over time as environmental
   restoration or emission reduction becomes required by the society.  The
   dynamic EROI function was incorporated into a global energy model using a
   biophysical approach (GEMBA) and implemented in VenSim.  The GEMBA model is
   calibrated using historical energy production data, i.e.  training to
   historical data, then running the trained model to 2100 under a series of
   varying assumptions regarding availability of energy resources and
   corresponding EROIs.  The main finding of the model is that growth of the
   renewable energy sector may impact investment in other areas of the economy
   and thereby stymie economic growth.  © 2011 Elsevier B.V.
DE embodied energy; net energy analysis ( nea ); physical resource modeling;
   resource quality; systems dynamics ( sd )
ID alternative energy; biophysics; capital flow; demand-side management;
   ecological approach; economic analysis; economic growth; emission control;
   energy efficiency; energy market; energy-resource; global perspective;
   investment; numerical model; policy making; resource assessment; resource
   depletion; technological development; thermodynamics

---

UT 557
AR Tukel OI, 2011, PROJ MANAG J, V42, P59, DOI 10.1002/pmj.20207
TI Knowledge-salvage practices for dormant R&D projects
AU Tukel OI; Kremic T; Rom WO; Miller RJ
TC 8
SO PROJ MANAG J
PY 2011
AB Most successful firms have an abundance of new and old knowledge in their
   research and development laboratories, and only a fraction is being put into
   use in new product development.  This knowledge is left over from projects
   that have been killed at different development stages and may actually carry
   considerable value.  In this article, we propose a knowledge bank as a
   possible solution to preserve and possibly grow this knowledge.  It is a
   selfsustaining institute with minimal or no ongoing effort from the donor
   company, yet manages the knowledge in a way that protects proprietary
   interests and actively fosters communication and interchange among
   sponsoring companies wherever possible.  The framework of this structure, as
   well as how it works, is described here.  Specifically, a system dynamics
   modeling of the knowledge bank is developed, and a simulation study is
   conducted using VENSIM®. The results confirm the viability of creating such
   a system in a consortium of organizations.  © 2010 by the Project Management
   Institute.
DE knowledge banks; r and d projects; system dynamics

---

UT 558
AR Liu S, 2017, PROC - INT CONGR IMAGE SIGNAL PROCESS BIOMED ENG CISP-BMEI,
   V2018-January, P1, DOI 10.1109/CISP-BMEI.2017.8302153
TI Research on personalized recommendation system of media tags based on system
   dynamics
AU Liu S; Dong Y/4; Chai J
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONGR IMAGE SIGNAL PROCESS BIOMED ENG CISP-BMEI
PY 2017
AB This paper focuses on the research of personalized recommendation with media
   information resources based on tags.  Especially, the paper uses the system
   dynamics and data mining theories to study the influencing factors of
   recommendation system based on media information resources.  The goal of
   this paper is to construct the system dynamics model of dynamic media
   recommendation system based on tags.  The Moreover, test model is built in
   the software of Vensim PLE and the simulation results illustrate how user's
   resources such as adoption situation, density and centrality can affect the
   media recommendation system.  © 2017 IEEE.
DE media resource; personalized recommendation; system dynamics
ID computation theory; data mining; software testing; system theory;
   information resource; media recommendations; medium resource; modeling of
   dynamics; personalized recommendation; personalized recommendation systems;
   resources based; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; tag-based;
   recommender systems

---

UT 559
AR Liu L/4, 2019, J LIBR SCI AGRIC, V31, P65, DOI
   10.13998/j.cnki.issn1002-1248.2019.03.18-1939
TI Analysis on Agricultural Science and Technology Resources and Dynamic
   Simulation Research on Resources Utilization; [农业科技资源研究主题与资源利用动力学仿真分析]
AU Liu L/4
TC 0
SO J LIBR SCI AGRIC
PY 2019
AB Agricultural science and technology resources play a crucial role in
   promoting agricultural type transformation of a country.  This paper
   analyzes high frequency keywords of agricultural science and technology,
   builds a dynamic model of agricultural science and technology resources and
   carrys on the simulation.  Using BICOMB and gCLUTO, this paper precipitates
   the themes and a strategic diagram of the field of agricultural science and
   technology after compared with the generated map of NetDraw and VOSviewer.
   In the VensimPLE environment, this paper carry on the simulation.
   International agricultural science and technology resources research
   includes five main themes as follows: agricultural science and technology
   innovation research, policy and environment of agricultural science and
   technology resources research, agricultural science and technology andrural
   economic development research, sustainable agricultural science and
   technology resources research, and agricultural science and technology
   resources allocation and utilization research.  The simulation results show
   that the promotion of agricultural science and technology resources, the
   increase of users rely on the diversification of channels and ways of
   supplying.  Combined with the survey data, this paper analyzes the rural
   information infrastructures and user accesses.  © Agricultural Information
   Institute, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences.  All Rights Reserved.
DE agriculture; biclustering algorithm; rural; science and technology; system
   dynamics

---

UT 560
AR Luściński S, 2019, LECT NOTES MECH ENG, P306, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-93587-4_32
TI System dynamics model for continuous review inventory system in demand shock
   conditions
AU Luściński S; Dobrowolski D
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES MECH ENG
PY 2019
AB This paper deals with applying a control loop based on PID controller
   algorithm to dynamically setting the components of the continuous review
   system (Q-system) for inventory management to avoid demand shock unrequired
   influence on a customer service level.  Through Vensim software platform,
   the system dynamic model of feedback system was developed, consisting of the
   Q-system for single echelon logistics and PID controller.  Finally,
   operational performance results are analyzed using data of performed
   simulation experiments.  © 2019, Springer International Publishing AG, part
   of Springer Nature.
DE demand shock; simulation; system dynamics
ID electric control equipment; inventory control; proportional control systems;
   system theory; continuous-review; continuous-review inventory systems;
   control loop; controller algorithm; demand shocks; pid controllers; shock
   conditions; simulation; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; three
   term control systems

---

UT 561
AR Wang J/5, 2015, J CLEAN PROD, V92, P237, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2014.12.076
TI Identifying best design strategies for construction waste minimization
AU Wang J/5; Li Z; Tam VWY/1
TC 169
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2015
AB Waste minimization design (WMD) is a key strategy for effectively minimizing
   construction waste at an early stage.  However, it seems that appropriate
   methods for estimating the effect of various design measures on construction
   waste reduction with consideration of the interrelationships of potential
   design strategies are lacking.  This study proposes a model for
   quantitatively assessing the effect of various waste management strategies
   and policies at the design stage on waste reduction.  This model features a
   system dynamics approach using a Vensim software package.  Simulation
   results show that (1) the use of prefabricated components exerts the largest
   influence on the design of construction waste reduction, followed by few
   design modifications and waste reduction investment, (2) mutual effects
   exist among potential design strategies, and (3) the combined effect of
   multi-design strategies is more significant than the simple sum of the
   effects of all single-design strategies and thus demands full consideration
   of the combined effect of relevant potential design strategies.  Similar
   scenarios comprising other design strategies can also be simulated and
   analyzed based on the developed model.  This study demonstrates the benefits
   of using a system dynamics approach in understanding the process and
   potential effects of the implementation of WMD. The developed model is
   potentially valuable as a utility tool for the dynamic assessment of the
   effect of design strategies on construction waste minimization (CWM). By
   comparing different simulation results generated under various scenarios,
   this study identifies the best practice ahead of implementation.  © 2015
   Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE construction waste management; design strategies; performance evaluation;
   system dynamics
ID conservation; system theory; construction waste managements; design
   modifications; design strategies; performance evaluation; prefabricated
   components; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; waste management
   strategies; waste management

---

UT 562
AR Bala BK, 2014, ECOL MODEL, V283, P19, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolmodel.2014.03.013
TI Sustainable exploitation of hilsa fish (Tenualosa ilisha) population in
   Bangladesh: Modeling and policy implications
AU Bala BK; Arshad FM; Alias EF; Sidique SF; Noh KM; Rowshon MK; Islam QMM;
   Islam MM
TC 14
SO ECOL MODEL
PY 2014
AB This paper presents a computer model of hilsa fish (Tenualosa ilisha) to
   predict the long-term trends in the hilsa population over several decades
   and to assess the impacts of harvesting the juveniles and spawning adults of
   hilsa fish.  The model is designed to keep track of the population in
   various phases of the life cycle.  The computer model of hilsa fish is based
   on system dynamics methodology.  The full history of the cause and effect
   relationships of the population dynamics of hilsa fish is presented using
   causal loop and flow diagrams.  STELLA software is used to model the
   population dynamics of hilsa fish and the parameters of the model are
   estimated from field data and reports.  Maximum sustainable yield and
   carrying capacity were simulated to be 268,000. tons and 670,000. tons,
   respectively.  The overall situation of hilsa fishery is under severe stress
   in Bangladesh and vulnerable to over exploitation.  Simulation results show
   that increased harvesting of the adults entering the rivers and the
   juveniles in the rivers cause gradual decline in hilsa fish population and
   even may cause to disappear this valuable resource within a short period of
   time.  Also the optimal strategies for sustainable development of hilsa
   fishery have been addressed and the optimization results show that optimized
   operation of the hilsa fishery not only stabilizes the system, but also
   enhances the harvested adult hilsa.  The model has the potential to analyze
   the harvesting strategies of the adults entering the rivers and juveniles in
   the rivers for sustainable exploitation of the hilsa fish.  © 2014 Elsevier
   B.V.
DE harvesting strategies; hilsa fish; optimization; population dynamics;
   simulation; system dynamics
ID bangladesh; computer simulation; fisheries; harvesting; optimization;
   population dynamics; public policy; rivers; system theory; cause-and-effect
   relationships; harvesting strategy; maximum sustainable yields; optimized
   operations; policy implications; simulation; sustainable exploitation;
   system dynamics; clupeoid; computer simulation; fishery modeling; fishery
   policy; harvesting; life cycle; maximum sustainable yield; optimization;
   population dynamics; software; sustainability; fish

---

UT 563
AR Bekteshi S, 2015, J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST, V3, P303, DOI
   10.13044/j.sdewes.2015.03.0023
TI Dynamic modeling of Kosovo7#x2019;s electricity supply–Demand, gaseous
   emissions and air pollution
AU Bekteshi S; Kabashi S; Ahmetaj S; Šlaus I; Zidanšek A; Podrimqaku K;
   Kastrati S
TC 8
SO J SUSTAIN DEV ENERGY WATER ENV SYST
PY 2015
AB In this paper is described the developing of an integrated electricity
   supply–demand, gaseous emission and air pollution model for study of
   possible baseline electricity developments and available options to mitigate
   emissions.  This model is constructed in STELLA software, which makes use of
   Systems Dynamics Modeling as the methodology.  Several baseline scenarios
   have been developed from this model and a set of options of possible
   developments of Kosovo's Electricity Supply–Demand and Gaseous Emissions are
   investigated.  The analysis of various scenarios results in Medium Growth
   Scenarios (MGS) that imply building of generation capacities and increase in
   participation of the electricity generation from renewable sources.  MGS
   would be 10% of the total electricity generation and ensure sustainable
   development of the electricity sector.  At the same time, by implementation
   of new technologies, this would be accompanied by reduced Greenhouse Gases
   (GHG) (CO2 and NOx) emissions by 60% and significant reduction for air
   pollutants (dust and SO2) by 40% compared to the Business-As-Usual (BAU)
   case.  Conclusively, obtained results show that building of new generation
   capacities by introducing new technologies and orientation on
   environmentally friendly energy sources can ensure sustainable development
   of the electricity sector in Kosovo.  © 2015, International Centre for
   Sustainable Development of Energy, Water and Environment Systems SDEWES. All
   rights reserved.
DE electricity demand; electricity supply; emissions; modeling; scenarios;
   system dynamics

---

UT 564
AR Yao H, 2014, INT J CONSTR MANAG, V14, P67, DOI 10.1080/15623599.2014.899125
TI Simulation model for identifying effective policy in mitigating noise
   emissions from highway projects
AU Yao H; Hao JL
TC 3
SO INT J CONSTR MANAG
PY 2014
AB This paper develops a simulation model for the assessment of noise emissions
   from highway projects.  The model is implemented by utilizing the system
   dynamics approach and iThink software package.  The paper introduces the
   dynamic factors affecting the level of noise emissions by referring to the
   relevant feasibility studies of highway projects.  A real highway project is
   presented to demonstrate the application of the simulation model in
   assessing the level of noise emissions of the project.  The case study is
   used to explore the solutions for improving poor noise emissions performance
   through different policy scenarios.  This study shows that system dynamics
   approach can not only support analysis of impact of dynamic interactions
   between various factors affecting noise emissions from highway project, but
   is also capable of providing solutions for effectively controlling noise
   emissions.  © 2014 © 2014 Taylor & Francis.
DE highway noise; ithink; policy scenarios; simulation model; system dynamics

---

UT 565
AR Jones L, 2014, DISCRET SIMUL SYST DYN MANAG DECIS MAK, V9781118349021, P215,
   DOI 10.1002/9781118762745.ch11
TI Vensim and the development of system dynamics
AU Jones L
TC 12
SO DISCRET SIMUL SYST DYN MANAG DECIS MAK
PY 2014
AB This chapter discusses the need for system dynamics, the use of diagram-to-
   equation automation, user-led innovation, Vensim tools, and software
   developments enabling enhanced support to the practitioner and end user.  It
   is written from a personal perspective and includes anecdotal evidence from
   a number of unnamed but possibly respectable sources.  In determining the
   content of this chapter, a causal loop diagram (CLD) was created as a sort
   of road map during its initial drafts and was continually updated as the
   drafts were reviewed and improved.  The chapter does not dwell on the early
   history of system dynamics (SD) and the software used for implementation.
   Recently, there has been the development of viral gaming using the Facebook
   social network.  Behind the smart, brilliant interface is an actual SD model
   running and producing results as the outcome of the user decisions input via
   the Facebook interface.  © 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.  All rights
   reserved.
DE causal loop diagram ( cld ); facebook social network; system dynamics; user-
   led innovation; vensim; viral gaming
ID system theory; causal loop diagram; causal loop diagrams; end-users;
   facebook; facebook social network; personal perspective; system dynamics;
   user-led innovations; vensim; viral gaming; social networking ( online )

---

UT 566
AR Honti G, 2019, DATA BR, V27, DOI 10.1016/j.dib.2019.104723
TI Network analysis dataset of system dynamics models
AU Honti G; Dörgő G; Abonyi J
TC 8
SO DATA BR
PY 2019
AB This paper presents a tool developed for the analysis of networks extracted
   from system dynamics models.  The developed tool and the collected models
   were used and analyzed in the research paper, Review and structural analysis
   of system dynamics models in sustainability science [1]. The models
   developed in Vensim, Stella, and InsightMaker are converted into networks of
   state-variables, flows, and parameters by the developed Python program that
   also performs model reduction, modularity analysis and calculates the
   structural properties of the models and its main variables.  The dataset
   covers the results of the analysis of nine models in sustainability science
   used for policy testing, prediction and simulation.  © 2019 The Authors
DE cause-effect analysis; model analysis; network analysis; sustainability;
   systems dynamics models
ID electric network analysis; software testing; statistical tests; system
   theory; cause-effect analysis; model reduction; modeling analyzes; research
   papers; state flow; state parameters; state variables; sustainability
   science; system dynamics modeling; variable-parameters; sustainable
   development

---

UT 567
AR Min G, 2016, J BALK TRIBOL ASSOC, V22, P5007
TI Research on safety performance of military aviation system based on system
   dynamics
AU Min G; Zhang B/3; Gao J/1
TC 0
SO J BALK TRIBOL ASSOC
PY 2016
AB The mechanism of organizational factors affecting safety performance of
   military aviation system should be researched in order to enhance the level
   of safety risk management.  Firstly, organizational factors, military
   aviation system and safety performance were analyzed to build safety
   performance model of military aviation system.  Then, the causal loop
   diagram model of organizational factors affecting safety performance of
   military aviation system was built, and the system dynamics (SD) model was
   established by SD modeling software Vensim PLE. Finally, the safety
   performance and its dimensionalities under two circumstances of action
   preparation times changing and target values of these flight safety
   performance dimensionalities changing were simulated.  The simulation
   results show that it is supposed to shorten the action preparation time of
   safety situation improvement in aviation safety management and to optimize
   the combination of target values of flight safety performance
   dimensionalities in order to maximize the flight safety performance.  ©
   2016, Scibulcom Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE complex social-technical system; military aviation system; organizational
   factors; safety performance; system dynamics ( sd )

---

UT 568
AR Woo TH/1, 2015, ENERGY SOURCES RECOVER UTIL ENV EFF, V37, P649, DOI
   10.1080/15567036.2011.590861
TI Safety assessment for power uprate in the nuclear power plant using a system
   dynamics (SD) method by Monte Carlo software
AU Woo TH/1
TC 3
SO ENERGY SOURCES RECOVER UTIL ENV EFF
PY 2015
AB The power increase in the nuclear power plants has been investigated for the
   safety aspect.  Most equipment could be affected by the power uprate, which
   could increase the electricity power level.  The quantification of the
   uprate reliability is performed by the system dynamics method, which is
   processed by the feedback and accumulation algorithms.  The Vensim software
   package is used for the simulations, which is made by the Monte Carlo
   method.  There are two kinds of considerations as the economic and safety
   properties.  The result shows the stability of the operations when the power
   can be decided.  This shows the higher efficiency of the reactor.  The
   maximum value of risk is 157,887 in 2065 and the minimum value is 2 in 2010.
   Thus, the risk of the power uprate increases 78,954 times higher than the
   initial value in this study.  © 2015 Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.
DE feedback; nuclear power plants; power uprate; system dynamics; vensim
ID feedback; nuclear energy; nuclear fuels; nuclear power plants; safety
   engineering; system theory; higher efficiency; power increase; power
   uprates; safety aspects; safety assessments; safety property; system
   dynamics; vensim; monte carlo methods

---

UT 569
AR Xiao L, 2018, J INTERNET TECHNOL, V19, P1155, DOI
   10.3966/160792642018081904018
TI Design and analysis of knowledge transfer in the process of university-
   industry collaborative innovation based on social network theory
AU Xiao L; Xu S/3; Zeng X
TC 9
SO J INTERNET TECHNOL
PY 2018
AB Any collaborative innovation activities can not be separated from the
   support of social networks.  Many factors in the social network affect the
   knowledge transfer activities.  Moreover, the effectiveness of knowledge
   transfer determines the performance of collaborative innovation.  From the
   point of view of relevance between collaborative innovation behavior and
   social network, this paper analyzes the influence of some factors in social
   network on knowledge transfer of school enterprise synergy innovation.  The
   purpose of this paper is to find out the laws of knowledge transfer in the
   process of University-Industry (U-I) collaborative innovation, and to verify
   the role of these laws through system dynamics simulation.  Firstly, this
   paper summarizes the previous views on collaborative innovation and U-I
   knowledge transfer.  Based on the analysis of literature, it puts forward
   the process model of knowledge transfer in U-I Collaborative Innovation and
   analyzes the factors that affect this process.  Secondly, the paper uses a
   system dynamics method to analyze the causality of knowledge transfer in the
   process of U-I collaborative innovation, establishes the model of system
   flow diagrams, and uses Vensim PLE to test the validation and sensitivity of
   the model.  Furthermore, the experimental results demonstrate that the model
   could fit well the actual knowledge transfer activities in the process of
   U-I collaborative innovation.  And, the results show that some factors in
   social networks (trust, knowledge transfer capability, knowledge absorptive
   capacity, and contract mechanisms) affect U-I knowledge transfer in
   different degrees.  Finally, some suggestions concerning the promotion of
   knowledge transfer are presented according to the simulation.  © 2018 Taiwan
   Academic Network Management Committee.  All rights reserved.
DE collaborative innovation; knowledge transfer; social networks; universities-
   industries
ID social networking ( online ); system theory; collaborative innovation;
   design and analysis; effectiveness of knowledge; knowledge absorptive
   capacities; knowledge transfer; model of systems; system dynamics
   simulation; university industries; knowledge management

---

UT 570
AR Zhang Z, 2011, NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V27, P226, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1002-6819.2011.z2.043
TI Changes of land quality based on system dynamics
AU Zhang Z; Gao J; Jian G; Wei C
TC 2
SO NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2011
AB In order to comprehensively analyze the changes of land quality affected by
   land consolidation and reveal the variation of land system caused by
   projects along with land problems, system dynamics was used to simulate the
   land quality changes based on Vensim software.  The results showed that
   under current model, areas of grassland and garden were increased after land
   consolidation, and area of cultivated land firstly was increased and then
   decreased, while the land quality was improved at beginning and then
   deteriorated.  Supposing the residual field ridge was changed into cropland
   and unutilized lands were exploited into cropland, the monetization
   representation of land quality, the ecological service value of cultivated
   lands and the total value reached maximum in 2012, and subsequently
   decreased.  This monetization representation of land quality was also
   represented by the maximum value in various scenarios.  The results can
   provide a basis for optimal allocation of land resources and promote the
   coordinative development of land, economic, social and ecological system.
DE ecological service value; ecology; land consolidation; land quality; models;
   system dynamics; system theory
ID ecology; land use; models; cultivated lands; current models; ecological
   services; ecological systems; land quality; land resources; land systems;
   maximum values; optimal allocation; residual field; system dynamics; total
   values; system theory

---

UT 571
AR Xing Z, 2012, JIAOTONG YUNSHU XITONG GONGCHENG YU XINXI J TRANSP SYST ENG
   TECHNOL, V12, P180
TI SD model in electric vehicle charging system
AU Xing Z; Gao Y/6; Dong J/1
TC 1
SO JIAOTONG YUNSHU XITONG GONGCHENG YU XINXI J TRANSP SYST ENG TECHNOL
PY 2012
AB Using electric vehicle can effectively alleviate the energy crisis and
   environmental pollution and the researches on electricity-related problem
   are very necessary and urgent.  First, this paper analyzes the new power
   industry chain structure of EV charging system and establishes the related
   system dynamics model taking into account the economy of the industry chain.
   Then, it collects the basic data from a specific scale of EV charging
   system, uses the Vensim software to operate the system simulation through
   changing values of profit rate, profit adjustment rate, electricity price
   sensitivity, and so on.  It quantifies the electricity consumption and
   charging price, and gets equilibrium values and curves related to both
   investment recovery period and electric charging models to search for the
   optimal decision reference, which has a realistic significance.  Finally,
   the paper summarizes the advantages and disadvantages of the model and gives
   some suggestions for model improvement.
DE balance of interests; electric vehicle charging system; system dynamics;
   systems engineering

---

UT 572
AR An Y/1, 2019, CH SAF SCI J, V29, P87, DOI
   10.16265/j.cnki.issn1003-3033.2019.01.015
TI Analysis of internal and external factors affecting college mass incidents;
   [高校群体性事件内外部影响因素作用效果分析]
AU An Y/1; Wei Y; Li J/3; Xu S/1; Tong R
TC 0
SO CH SAF SCI J
PY 2019
AB In order to analyze the effects of internal and external factors on college
   mass incidents, an SD model was built based on the SD theory.  The students'
   mass incidents in Jiujiang University was taken as an example, Vensim
   software was used for empirical analysis.  The results show that the
   internal influence factors belong to the incentive factors of college mass
   incidents, the effects of internal factors gradually increase, and in the
   process of incident development, improper intervention against internal
   factors will trigger the incident situation, that the external factors
   belong to the health care factors of college mass incidents, and in the
   process of incident development, the reasonable intervention against
   external factors can largely control the development trend of the incident.
   © 2019 China Safety Science Journal.  All rights reserved.
DE college; influence factors; mass incidents; simulation; system dynamics ( sd
   )

---

UT 573
AR Liao X, 2011, PROC - INT CONF COMPUT DISTRIB CONTROL INTELL ENV MONIT
   CDCIEM, P280, DOI 10.1109/CDCIEM.2011.150
TI System dynamics modeling and simulation of China's SO2 emission trading
   policy
AU Liao X; Li X; Zhang B/2
TC 3
SO PROC - INT CONF COMPUT DISTRIB CONTROL INTELL ENV MONIT CDCIEM
PY 2011
AB Based on the theory and method of system dynamics, we establish a China's
   SO2 emission trading policy model which includes SO2 pollution subsystem,
   policy implementation subsystem and policy effect of evaluation subsystem,
   and test the model from historical data and parameter sensitivity.  And
   then, using Vensim software, annual SO2 emissions and policy effect of SO2
   emission trading are simulated running from 2000 to 2020. The testing
   results indicate that the model has high precision and accuracy,and
   simulation results showthat the contribution of trading policy to
   controlling SO2 emission total amount will increase steadily form 2011, This
   conclusions will provide decision-making bases for designing and optimizing
   SO2 pollution control policies in China.  © 2011 IEEE.
DE emission trading policy; simulation; so2 pollution; system dynamics modeling
ID commerce; decision making; distributed computer systems; distributed-
   parameter control systems; environmental engineering; pollution control;
   sulfur dioxide; system theory; emission trading; high precision; historical
   data; parameter sensitivities; policy model; simulation; simulation result;
   pollution; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; testing results;
   theory and methods; computer simulation

---

UT 574
AR Kerga E, 2017, PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL MANAG SOC
   INNOV PROC, P2532, DOI 10.1109/PICMET.2016.7806743
TI Modeling the benefits of frontloading and knowledge reuse in lean product
   development
AU Kerga E; Schmid R; Rebentisch E; Terzi S
TC 6
SO PICMET - PORTL INT CONF MANAG ENG TECHNOL TECHNOL MANAG SOC INNOV PROC
PY 2017
AB This paper uses system dynamics (SD) approach to model the lean product
   development strategy of set-based design (SBD) and the traditional product
   development strategy of point-based design (PBD). Using the Vensim System
   Dynamics (SD) tool, the paper investigates the performance outcomes of
   adopting the strategies within a new product development (NPD) context.  The
   model simulates the development of five hypothetical projects.  The model
   uses a classical SD project view as a rework cycle.  It includes elements of
   both PBD and SBD which can be switched on/off to assess their impact on
   performance.  Multiple projects are modeled so that the knowledge reuse
   issues are explored for differentiating PBD and SBD. In particular, we
   address the question of 'what are the effects of frontloading in SBD on
   project durations, total project costs, and return on investment (ROI)?'
   From initial simulation results, it is found that in a typical PD, SBD can
   bring up to 25% reduction in average project durations, 40% reduction in
   total project costs and improves ROI significantly.  © 2016 Portland
   International Conference on Management of Engineering and Technology, Inc.
ID budget control; lean production; product design; product development;
   strategic planning; system theory; lean product development; multiple
   projects; new product development; performance outcome; project duration;
   set-based designs; system dynamics; traditional products; planning

---

UT 575
AR Rizqi ZU, 2019, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, P511
TI System dynamics as a solution in increasing regional cash of daerah istimewa
   yogyakarta by considering employment availability and traffic congestion
AU Rizqi ZU
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2019
AB The Region of Yogyakarta (DIY) is one of the regions in Indonesia.
   Community growth in Yogyakarta reaches 1.34% in 2017 which can cause various
   problems such as unemployment community that continues to grow every year.
   In addition, another serious problem in Yogyakarta is high congestion which
   is implicated by the increasing number of population in DIY. Those problems
   have a bad influence on regional cash which is very useful in the
   development of the area.  This study aims to increase regional cash of DIY
   by considering available employment and traffic congestion.  Because the
   problem is so complex, a system dynamics approach is used to solve it.
   Based on the simulation results using Powersim 2005, the main cause of
   unstable regional cash is the high cost of building new roads, the cause of
   high cost of building new roads is congestion, and the cause of congestion
   is the high demand for vehicles by residents of the Yogyakarta area.
   Therefore, it is necessary to reduce the level of demand for vehicles to
   increase the cash of the DIY area.  By reducing the demand for vehicles to
   0.00003, which initially 0.00005 has succeeded in making the regional cash
   stable and increasing continuously.  In addition, to increase employment in
   order to eliminate the population unemployment in Yogyakarta, it can be done
   by increasing the growth rate of new companies.  By increasing the growth
   rate of the new company to 1.2 which initially 1 has succeeded in making
   employment increased continuously.  © 2019, IEOM Society International.
DE employment availability; regional cash; simulation; system dynamics; traffic
   congestion

---

UT 576
AR Dacko M, 2010, POL J ENV STUD, V19, P699
TI Systems dynamics in modeling sustainable management of the environment and
   its resources
AU Dacko M
TC 8
SO POL J ENV STUD
PY 2010
AB This article was inspired by the predator-prey relationship, a common
   concept in ecology.  Using it as our basis, we present a study on the
   subject of economic growth linked to the consumption of environmental
   resources.  Various economy-environment development scenarios are examined
   using the dynamics method and STELLA software.  Isomorphisms (i.e.
   structural similarities) between the two systems allow us to conclude that
   both growing economic savings and effectiveness, as well as higher outlays
   for initiatives aimed at offsetting deficiencies and enriching environmental
   potential, may not reverse the cyclical growth trend of the system examined.
   While attempting to discuss sustainable development at present, a thorough
   change in management paradigms should be considered.  If an environmental
   system is acted upon, its life should be sustained.  Truly lasting economic
   and environmental growth is based on drawing benefits from life-giving
   feedback.
DE management of the environment; predator-prey relationship; sustainable
   development; systems dynamics

---

UT 577
AR Shahsavani E, 2019, AMB EXPRESS, V9, DOI 10.1186/s13568-019-0882-6
TI Developing a system dynamics model for prediction of phosphorus in
   facultative stabilization ponds
AU Shahsavani E; Ebrahimi AA; Ehrampoush MH; Maleknia H; Eslami H; Samaei MR
TC 1
SO AMB EXPRESS
PY 2019
AB System dynamics is considered as a computer-aided approach to policy
   analysis and design.  It includes the response and reaction of a system to
   external shocks.  In the present research, following the sampling and
   testing phases, a system dynamics model was developed for modeling of
   phosphorus in facultative stabilization ponds.  First, the scheme of soluble
   reactive phosphorous stock, its specifications and parameters were
   determined and created in the VenSim PLE 7.1 software.  Then, mathematical
   relations were determined for each process.  Finally, the model was
   calibrated and verified based on the data from the Yazd facultative ponds,
   Iran.  Sensitivity analysis showed that the most important factors affecting
   phosphorus concentration in the ponds are the phosphorus settling rate,
   losses caused by algal respiration and excretion, while the losses caused by
   herbivorous zooplanktons, hydrolysis rate of inorganic carbon, and ratio of
   phosphorus to chlorophyll-a had the least importance.  Results showed that,
   algal growth rate and phosphorus settling rate were important factors in
   phosphorus removal.  Hence, with appropriate retention time in the pond, it
   can be managed more properly.  The ratio of phosphorus to algae had less
   importance in the model.  The ratio of carbon to phosphorus and rate of
   respiration of carnivorous zooplanktons did not affect the phosphorus
   concentration.  It is recommended that this model can be used for pond
   management and overall assessment of facultative ponds.  © 2019, The
   Author(s).
DE facultative ponds; phosphorus modeling; system dynamics modeling; wastewater
   stabilization ponds
ID carbon; chlorophyll a; inorganic compound; phosphorus; algal growth;
   article; breathing; concentration ( parameter ); evaporation; excretion;
   herbivore; hydrolysis; iran; mathematical model; nonhuman; pond; retention
   time; temperature; waste water management; waste water treatment plant;
   water sampling; zooplankton

---

UT 578
AR Briano E, 2010, PROC WINTER SIMUL CONF, P1820, DOI 10.1109/WSC.2010.5678887
TI Using system dynamics for short life cycle supply chains evaluation
AU Briano E; Caballini C; Giribone P; Revetria R
TC 27
SO PROC WINTER SIMUL CONF
PY 2010
AB This work is part of an Italian National Research Project embracing
   different aspects of a short life-cycle products supply chains: its
   modeling, its resiliency and its competitiveness.  In fact, this particular
   kind of products, like fashion goods, toys or electronic devices, have
   different characteristics compared with long-medium life cycle products and
   this implies a quite different management as well as competitiveness factors
   to take into account.  Starting from the modeling of a supply chain of this
   kind, utilizing the Powersim Studio Software implementing the System
   Dynamics methodology, with the goal of showing its behavior under specific
   scenarios, some vulnerability causes have been considered in order to make
   the supply chain more resilient.  Finally, the competitiveness dynamics
   between two companies producing short life cycle items has been modeled and
   analyzed.  ©2010 IEEE.
ID competition; life cycle; mathematical models; supply chain management;
   system theory; cycle item; electronic device; fashion goods; system
   dynamics; supply chains

---

UT 579
AR Jiangao D, 2020, DATA ANAL KNOWL DISCOV, V4, P110, DOI
   10.11925/infotech.2096-3467.2019.0636
TI Tracking online public opinion based on system dynamics: Case study of
   “Xiangshui explosion accident”
AU Jiangao D; Xuan Z; Zhu F; Qingming W
TC 4
SO DATA ANAL KNOWL DISCOV
PY 2020
AB [Objective] This paper explores the dissemination laws of online public
   opinion during emergencies (OPOE), aiming to help governments guide and
   regulate such information.  [Methods] First, we used “Xiangshui Explosion
   Accident in Jiangsu Province” as an example and introduced unique variables
   for this type of events.  Then, we constructed a system dynamics model for
   OPOE. Third, we simulated and analyzed the proposed model with Vensim
   software.  Finally, we adopted the government-related variables as control
   variables to discuss the impact of government behavior on online public
   opinion.  [Results] For the simulation experiment, the MAPE values of the
   online posts and news were 18% and 27%. Thus, the simulation model is
   feasible and could effectively describe the developing trends of online
   public opinions.  More importantly, the government reactions also posed
   significant effects to the dissemination of public opinions.  [Limitations]
   Some of our data were from questionnaires and expert scoring, which might be
   biased.  [Conclusions] The OPOE generally rises rapidly to the peak and then
   slowly declines.  The government response time, level of reactions and
   transparency of official news posed positive, negative and negative effects
   to evolving of public opinions.  © 2020, Chinese Academy of Sciences.  All
   rights reserved.
DE chemical pollution; emergency; online public opinion; system dynamics

---

UT 580
AR Martínez-Valderrama J, 2020, SCI PROGR, V2020, DOI 10.1155/2020/9092829
TI AQUACOAST: A Simulation Tool to Explore Coastal Groundwater and Irrigation
   Farming Interactions
AU Martínez-Valderrama J; Ibáñez J; Alcalá FJ
TC 9
SO SCI PROGR
PY 2020
AB In the framework of coastal groundwater-dependent irrigation agriculture,
   modelling becomes indispensable to know how this renewable resource responds
   to complex (usually not conceptualized nor monitored) biophysical, social,
   and economic interactions.  Friendly user interfaces are essential to
   involve nonmodeling experts in exploiting and improving models.  Decision
   support systems (DSS) are software systems that integrate models, databases,
   or other decision aids and package them in a way that decision makers can
   use.  This paper addresses these two issues: firstly with the implementation
   of a System Dynamics (SD) model in Vensim software that considers the
   integration of hydrological, agronomic, and economic drivers and secondly
   with the design of a Venapp, push-button interfaces that allow users access
   to a Vensim model without going through the Vensim modelling environment.
   The prototype designed, the AQUACOAST tool, gives an idea of the
   possibilities of this type of models to identify and analyze the impact of
   apparently unrelated factors such as the prices of cultivated products,
   subsidies or exploitation costs on the advance of saltwater intrusion, and
   the great threat to coastal groundwater-dependent irrigation agriculture
   systems.  © 2020 Jaime Martínez-Valderrama et al.
ID agricultural robots; artificial intelligence; costs; decision making;
   decision support systems; groundwater; groundwater resources; irrigation;
   salt water intrusion; technology transfer; user interfaces; coastal
   groundwater; decision support system ( dss ); economic interactions;
   irrigation agriculture; modeling environment; renewable resource; software
   systems; vensim softwares; water management

---

UT 581
AR Banerjee D, 2018, INTJ CIV ENG TECHNOL, V9, P627
TI A system dynamic approach of technical risk modelling in transportation
   megaprojects
AU Banerjee D; Jagadeesh P; Rao RP
TC 0
SO INTJ CIV ENG TECHNOL
PY 2018
AB A megaproject is a large scale project that entails a huge number of risks
   which needs to be identified, assessed and quantified.  Megaprojects have
   also been found to suffer from time overrun, cost overrun and quality
   deficiency that are the primary project objectives.  The reason for such
   deviation from project objectives is often attributed to a poor knowledge of
   the dynamic behaviour of megaproject over time and the impact of various
   risk factors associated within the megaproject environment.  This research
   attempts to model the various technical risks associated with a megaproject
   construction using System Dynamics tool with stocks, flows and internal
   feedback loops.  The system dynamics modelling is done in Vensim® Software
   and it is seen from the results that if the probability of occurrence of
   certain technical risk variable be restricted to 5%, the technical risk as
   well as project cost increase, rise in duration and quality reduction may be
   substantially reduced.  © IAEME Publication.
DE megaprojects; project risks; risk assessment; system dynamics

---

UT 582
AR Zheng C-H, 2018, J DISCRET MATH SCI CRYPTOGR, V21, P1211, DOI
   10.1080/09720529.2018.1525129
TI Analysis of technology diffusion in agricultural industry cluster based on
   system dynamics and simulation model
AU Zheng C-H; Huang H-L
TC 1
SO J DISCRET MATH SCI CRYPTOGR
PY 2018
AB The process of technology diffusion in an agricultural industry cluster is
   different from that in general markets.  Extending the assumption of the
   Bass model by considering multiple developments of technology diffusion,
   sluggish message sharing and unstable market, the dynamic model of
   technology diffusion was established by using the Vensim-PLE as a simulator
   to conduct the present research.  The results showed that this model meets
   the needs of actual agricultural industry clusters and can be a theoretical
   guidance for farmers or enterprises if they intend to practice technology
   diffusion in an agriculture industrial cluster.  © 2018, © 2018 Taru
   Publications.
DE agricultural industry cluster; bass model; system dynamics; technology
   diffusion
ID commerce; diffusion; system theory; agricultural industry clusters; bass
   model; cluster-based; dynamics models; system dynamics; system dynamics and
   simulations; system dynamics modeling; system simulation models; technology
   diffusion; unstable market; agriculture

---

UT 583
AR Tang Z, 2020, J TRANSP ENG, V18, P162, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1672-4747.2020.03.019
TI System Dynamics Analysis of Rail Transit Emergency Rescue Effectiveness;
   [基于SD的轨道交通应急救援效能分析]
AU Tang Z; Cheng X-Q; Chi M; Gao P; Liu Z-R
TC 0
SO J TRANSP ENG
PY 2020
AB China's regional rail transit system has entered a phase of rapid
   development.  As the system continues to expand, accidents impact
   increasingly larger areas and result in more severe consequences.
   Therefore, research has become focused on methods for effectively analyzing
   and improving emergency rescue capabilities and management.  Using Vensim
   software, this study developed a system dynamics model of emergency rescue
   efficiency based on the static factors of influence and the dynamic
   evolution of the emergency rescue process.  The influences of time delay and
   information transmission on rescue efficiency were analyzed.  The emergency
   rescue linkage mechanism was studied by applying the Observe-Orient-Decide-
   Act (OODA) decision ring theory, and measures to improve emergency rescue
   efficiency are suggested.  The simulation provided visual representations of
   the dynamic evolution of the rescue efficiency.  It is hoped that the study
   results can be applied to improving emergency response capabilities,
   reducing injuries in emergency situations, and improving emergency rescue
   efficiency.  © 2020 Southwest Jiaotong University.  All rights reserved.
DE effectiveness analysis; emergency rescue; ooda decision ring; simulation
   research; system dynamics

---

UT 584
AR Li M/5, 2019, INFECT DRUG RESIST, V12, P613, DOI 10.2147/IDR.S185177
TI System dynamics modeling of public health services provided by China CDC to
   control infectious and endemic diseases in China
AU Li M/5; Yu W; Tian W; Ge Y/1; Liu Y; Ding T; Zhang L/6
TC 14
SO INFECT DRUG RESIST
PY 2019
AB Background: Infectious and endemic diseases are a serious public health
   concern worldwide, and their prevention and treatment are globally
   controversial.  This study aimed to establish an system dynamics (SD) model
   to analyze the factors influencing public health services provided by the
   Chinese Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (China CDC) to implement
   infectious and endemic disease control in China, by establishing more
   effective interventions to provide public health services and thus achieving
   the goal of controlling infectious and endemic diseases.  Materials and
   methods: An SD model was constructed using the Vensim DSS program.
   Intervention experiments were performed using the SD model, which reflected
   the influences on disease control by adjusting the governmental investment
   and compensation level for public health products.  Results: The
   experimental results showed that increasing the governmental investment in
   China CDC and compensation level for public health products will
   significantly increase the public health product rate provided by China CDC.
   Discussion: Problems with infectious and endemic disease prevention and
   treatment are the result of the system’s incomplete functioning and limited
   health resources.  To address the current problems and improve the system,
   the government should increase its investment in the public health service
   system and improve the compensation system to ensure smooth implementation
   of infectious and endemic disease prevention and treatment and, ultimately,
   improve public health in China.  © 2019 Li et al.
DE disease management; epidemic model; epidemiology; public health; spread;
   system dynamics; transmission
ID article; china; endemic disease; health care availability; health care need;
   health care policy; health status; human; infection control; infection
   prevention; public health service; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 585
AR Yuan XG, 2015, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2015, DOI 10.1155/2015/206149
TI Recycler reaction for the government behavior in closed-loop supply chain
   distribution network: Based on the system dynamics
AU Yuan XG; Zhang XQ
TC 9
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2015
AB With system dynamics, we establish three-closed-loop supply chain
   distribution network system model which consists of supplier, manufacturer,
   two retailers, and products (parts) recycler.  We proposed that recycler
   make reflect for the government policy by adjusting the recycling ratio and
   recycling delay.  We use vensim software to simulate this model and
   investigate how the products (parts) recyclers behavior influences the loop
   supply chain distribution system.  The result shows that (1) when recyclers
   respond positively to government policies, recycling will increase the
   proportion of recyclers.  When recyclers respond negatively to government
   policy making, recycling will reduce the proportion of recyclers.  (2) When
   the recovery percentage of recyclers improves, manufacturers, Retailer 1,
   and Retailer 2 quantity fluctuations will reduce and the bullwhip effect
   will diminish.  (3) When the proportion of recycled parts recyclers is
   lowered, manufacturers, Retailer 1, and Retailer 2 inventory fluctuation
   will increase and the bullwhip effect will be enhanced.  (4) When recyclers
   recycling product delays increased, volatility manufacturers order quantity
   will rise, but there is little change in the amount of fluctuation of orders
   of the two retailers.  (5) When recycling parts recyclers delay increases,
   fluctuations in the supplier order quantity will rise, but there is little
   change in the amount of fluctuation of orders of the two retailers.  © 2015
   Xi gang Yuan and Xiao qing Zhang.

---

UT 586
AR Agyapong-Kodua K, 2012, ADV DECIS SCI, V2012, DOI 10.1155/2012/804324
TI The integrated use of enterprise and system dynamics modelling techniques in
   support of business decisions
AU Agyapong-Kodua K; Weston RH; Ratchev S
TC 6
SO ADV DECIS SCI
PY 2012
AB Enterprise modelling techniques support business process (re)engineering by
   capturing existing processes and based on perceived outputs, support the
   design of future process models capable of meeting enterprise requirements.
   System dynamics modelling tools on the other hand are used extensively for
   policy analysis and modelling aspects of dynamics which impact on
   businesses.  In this paper, the use of enterprise and system dynamics
   modelling techniques has been integrated to facilitate qualitative and
   quantitative reasoning about the structures and behaviours of processes and
   resource systems used by a Manufacturing Enterprise during the production of
   composite bearings.  The case study testing reported has led to the
   specification of a new modelling methodology for analysing and managing
   dynamics and complexities in production systems.  This methodology is based
   on a systematic transformation process, which synergises the use of a
   selection of public domain enterprise modelling, causal loop and continuous
   simulation modelling techniques.  The success of the modelling process
   defined relies on the creation of useful CIMOSA process models which are
   then converted to causal loops.  The causal loop models are then structured
   and translated to equivalent dynamic simulation models using the proprietary
   continuous simulation modelling tool iThink.  Copyright © 2012 K. Agyapong-
   Kodua et al.

---

UT 587
AR Kim YI/1, 2017, J NUCL SCI TECHNOL, V54, P39, DOI
   10.1080/00223131.2016.1204255
TI Safety assessment for the ultimate heat sink (UHS) system with non-injection
   concept in nuclear power plants (NPPs)
AU Kim YI/1; Woo TH
TC 0
SO J NUCL SCI TECHNOL
PY 2017
AB Following the Fukushima accident, it is proposed to find a better safety
   system, which has a pool-type cooling system without coolant injections.
   Since the conventional piping-based injection systems have failed in
   treating the three major severe accidents, the artificial pool could be
   constructed to cover the failed reactor core systems in which the pool-like
   structure is constructed.  Regarding this study, there were some previous
   studies about the ultimate heat sink (UHS). In this study, the system
   dynamics (SD) modeling is performed in the case of Fukushima Unit 1
   accident.  The basic events are obtained by the Boolean values as 0 and 1.
   The quantifications are obtained by the SD algorithm incorporated with the
   Vensim software.  In the simulations work, there is a plateau region between
   the 25th and 45th years in the interested period.  The nonlinear algorithm
   is applied for the UHS analysis which was not installed for the commercial
   use yet.  © 2016 Atomic Energy Society of Japan.  All rights reserved.
DE fukushima accident; nuclear power plants; system dynamics ( sd ); ultimate
   heat sink ( uhs ); vensim
ID accidents; heat sinks; lakes; nuclear energy; nuclear power plants; safety
   engineering; system theory; coolant injection; fukushima accidents;
   injection systems; nonlinear algorithms; safety assessments; system
   dynamics; ultimate heat sink ( uhs ); vensim; nuclear reactor accidents

---

UT 588
AR Bouloiz H, 2019, ADV SCI TECH SEC APPL, P93, DOI 10.1007/978-3-319-96259-7_3
TI system dynamics applied to the human, technical and organizational factors
   of industrial safety
AU Bouloiz H; Garbolino E
TC 3
SO ADV SCI TECH SEC APPL
PY 2019
AB In this chapter, system dynamics is applied to a socio-technical system in
   the chemical industry.  The objective is to develop a dynamic model of the
   industrial system, which formalizes the causal interdependencies between the
   factors that define the safety conditions for that system.  A systemic
   approach is applied to the case study of an chemical storage facility.  The
   implementation, which is supported by Vensim® software, makes it possible to
   include the human, technical and organizational factors that all contribute
   to safety management (Bouloiz et al.  2013). © Springer International
   Publishing AG, part of Springer Nature 2019.

---

UT 589
AR Zheng Y/2, 2018, MATH PROBL ENG, V2018, DOI 10.1155/2018/2796146
TI The formation mechanism and precision control of corruption in poverty
   alleviation from the perspective of system dynamics
AU Zheng Y/2; Liao X/1
TC 3
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2018
AB The corruption in the field of poverty alleviation not only hinders the
   performance of the government but also damages the vital interests of the
   poor, harms the image of the party and the country, and makes the poor
   people further impoverished.  Based on the method of system dynamics, this
   paper analyzes the interaction of elements which influence village
   officials’ corruption, studies the formation mechanism of the corruption in
   poverty alleviation, and constructs an effective model to prevent the
   corruption.  Based on the survey data of typical cases, the model was
   simulated and validated by the software of Vensim PLE. The study found that
   compared with other variables, the willingness of village officials to
   corrupt has the greatest impact on the amount of their corruption.
   Furthermore, it is found that the important factors that affect village
   officials’ corruption willingness are as in the following order: official
   culture, village officials’ thought, and prevention system.  Copyright ©
   2018 Yan Zheng and Xiaoming Liao.
ID developing countries; rural areas; system theory; formation mechanism;
   poverty alleviation; precision control; prevention systems; survey data;
   system dynamics; crime

---

UT 590
AR Wu H/2, 2010, ICCASM - INT CONF COMPUT APPL SYST MODEL PROC, V8, PV8379, DOI
   10.1109/ICCASM.2010.5620592
TI Analysis on key factors of container seamless transportation operating based
   on system dynamics
AU Wu H/2; Zhu X/3
TC 0
SO ICCASM - INT CONF COMPUT APPL SYST MODEL PROC
PY 2010
AB Container multimodal transportation system is a dynamic complicated system
   with multiple variables and nonlinear feedback loops and influenced by some
   factors.  The efficiency of container multimodal transportation system will
   decrease if these factors mismatch with each other.  In order to improve the
   level of container multimodal transportation system, analyzing the key
   factors of container seamless transportation operating is essential.  It was
   shown that four main factors influenced container seamless transportation
   operating, which were resource allocation, optimized organization,
   information technology and policy system.  It presents a system dynamics
   approach based on the cause-and-effect analysis and feedback loop
   structures.  And it put forwards the SD model, graph of system causality and
   flowchart of container seamless transportation operating.  The model runs in
   Vensim PLE software using the data from statistics and expert scoring.  The
   investment in every factor is chosen as the control variable for simulation
   to forecast the level of container seamless transportation.  In despite of
   the same investment in every factor, but influences on container seamless
   transportation operating were different.  Results show that resource
   allocation factor was the most prominent.  It provides the scientific
   reference to the optimized operation of the container seamless
   transportation.  © 2010 IEEE.
DE container; multimodal transportation system; seamless transportation; system
   dynamics
ID computer applications; computer resource management; containers; economics;
   nonlinear feedback; optimization; resource allocation; system theory;
   complicated systems; control variable; effect analysis; feedback loop
   structure; key factors; multimodal transportation systems; optimized
   operations; policy systems; seamless transportation; system dynamics; system
   dynamics approach; transportation

---

UT 591
AR Szarka N, 2018, WASTE MANAG RES, V36, P332, DOI 10.1177/0734242x18757626
TI A systems dynamics approach for supporting regional decisions on the
   energetic use of regional biomass residues
AU Szarka N; Wolfbauer J; Bezama A
TC 5
SO WASTE MANAG RES
PY 2018
AB This article presents the definition, building, calibration and application
   of a system dynamics simulation model to quantify the present and future
   comparative advantages and disadvantages of using forest and agricultural
   residual biomass for energetic purpose through different processes and
   technologies, on a regional basis.  A dynamic structure of the agricultural
   and forestry biomass process activities (i.e.  production, transport,
   conversion and consumption) based on regional time-series data was built,
   implemented into and calibrated within a dynamic simulation tool (Vensim
   software) within a Hungarian county.  Besides the agriculture and forestry
   sectors, the model includes data about demography, economy, environment and
   land use, among others.  For carrying out the assessment, realistic
   scenarios of future biomass processes and of biomass use were formulated,
   characterised by quantitative sustainable development indicators and
   simulated within the dynamic model.  The results prove that the introduced
   model supports decision making of biomass utilisation in a regional scale,
   through comparing and analysing quantitative changes of economic, social and
   environment indicators, which characterise a sustainable regional
   development.  The model therefore allows analyses and evaluation of not only
   partial prosperous or adverse characteristics of biomass processes and use,
   but also to relate regional components and their development over time.  The
   developed dynamic tool is therefore a powerful method to model complex
   systems, such as a regional energy system, considering the framework of the
   regional preferences stated by the regional stakeholders.  It can thus
   provide useful decision support, especially when used as a priority-based
   screening of potential regional development programmes in the energy field.
   © 2018, © The Author(s) 2018.
DE biomass residues; energy system modeling; regional analysis; scenario
   analysis; system dynamics; waste to energy
ID agriculture; biomass; conservation of natural resources; forestry; models
   biological; hungary; computer software; decision making; decision support
   systems; demography; economics; forestry; land use; regional planning;
   sustainable development; system theory; timber; lignite; natural gas;
   biomass residue; dynamic simulation models; energy system models; regional
   analysis; regional biomass; scenarios analysis; system dynamics; system
   dynamics approach; system dynamics simulation; waste to energy; biomass;
   decision making; energy use; modeling; regional development; scenario
   analysis; stakeholder; sustainable development; agricultural waste; article;
   bioenergy; biofuel production; biomass conversion; decision making; electric
   power plant; energy consumption; energy yield; fossil energy; human; land
   use; nonhuman; priority journal; renewable energy; simulation; soil quality;
   sustainable development; agriculture; biological model; biomass;
   environmental protection; forestry; biomass

---

UT 592
AR Li Y/4, 2016, PROC INT CONF COMPUT SCI NETW TECHNOL, P14, DOI
   10.1109/ICCSNT.2015.7490698
TI Research on the simulation model of medical service pricing
AU Li Y/4; Li C/1
TC 3
SO PROC INT CONF COMPUT SCI NETW TECHNOL
PY 2016
AB The paper set up the Causal Relationship model of medical service pricing to
   analyze dynamic equilibrium between various factors based on analyzing the
   pricing process.  Furthermore, this paper established the mathematic model
   of medical service pricing based on government and hospitals co-decision.
   Finally, the paper built the simulation model of medical service pricing
   based on the theory of System Dynamics on the platform of Vensim software.
   The study will be helpful for providing the reference for the reform on new
   health care system in China.  © 2015 IEEE.
DE dynamic model; pricing mechanism; simulation model; system dynamics
ID computer networks; computer software; dynamic models; system theory; causal
   relationship models; dynamic equilibria; health care system; mathematic
   model; pricing mechanism; simulation model; system dynamics; vensim
   softwares; costs

---

UT 593
AR Woo TH, 2012, ATW INT Z KERNENERG, V57, P482
TI Complex risk analysis for loss of electric power in liquid metal nuclear
   reactor by system dynamics (SD) method
AU Woo TH
TC 1
SO ATW INT Z KERNENERG
PY 2012
AB The power stabilization of the nuclear power plants (NPPs) is investigated
   in the aspect of the liquid metal coolant.  The quantification of the risk
   analysis is performed by the system dynamics (SD) method which is processed
   by the feedback and accumulation complex algorithms.  The Vensim software
   package is used for the simulations, which is supported by the Monte-Carlo
   method.  There are 2 kinds of considerations as the economic and safety
   properties.  The result shows the stability of the operations when the power
   can be decided.  This shows the higher efficiency of the reactor.  The
   failure frequency is 16/60 = 27 %. In the event of Power Stabilized, the
   failure event is in the quite lower frequency rate.  The commercial use of
   the reactor is important in the operations.

---

UT 594
AR Oesterreich TD, 2020, J MODEL MANAG, V15, P232, DOI 10.1108/JM2-01-2019-0002
TI Integrating system dynamics and VoFI for the dynamic visualization of
   financial implications arising from IT and IS investments
AU Oesterreich TD; Teuteberg F
TC 6
SO J MODEL MANAG
PY 2020
AB Purpose: Despite the advantages that the VoFI approach offers compared with
   traditional capital budgeting methods, its application for the appraisal of
   information technology (IT) and information systems (IS) investments in both
   research and practice is not widespread to date.  Given the static nature of
   the generic VoFI table, the method reaches its limits in its financial plan
   form because it is unable to investigate the dynamic behaviour of complex
   investment calculations.  To date, there has been no attempt to address
   these shortcomings to advance the use of VoFI as a useful and valid capital
   budgeting method in finance and accounting.  Therefore, the purpose of this
   study is to address this research gap and aim at developing a ‘dynamic’ VoFI
   model that integrates all input variables and target measures of a VoFI
   table and visualises the causal relationships among these variables.
   Design/methodology/approach: The ‘dynamic’ VoFI model is developed through
   System Dynamics (SD) modelling to enhance the strength of the VoFI concept
   as an instrument for visualising the financial implications of investments
   in IT and IS at the corporate level.  Case study research is used as a
   research method to study the behaviour of the developed model.  The validity
   of the model is demonstrated by conducting simulation runs in Vensim
   software.  In addition, probabilistic sensitivity analyses are performed to
   account for the impact of uncertainty on the main model variables.
   Findings: The results demonstrate the usefulness of SD modelling for
   extending the generic VoFI concept by integrating risk analyses and
   providing a new strategy of data analysis and data presentation different
   from the typical financial plan form.  Furthermore, the dynamic VoFI model
   enables the visualisation of interdependencies among the various variables
   incorporated in the VoFI financial plan, which significantly enhances the
   conceptual understanding of the investment and its financial consequences.
   Originality/value: The integration of the VoFI concept into an SD model
   helps researchers and practitioners to enhance their conceptual
   understanding of this method.  This thus increases its acceptance and
   popularity as a practical capital budgeting method, especially for the
   financial assessment of IT and IS investments.  The VoFI model proposed in
   this paper should also enable analysts and decision makers to become more
   conscious of the interdependencies between the assumptions made for an
   appraisal and the quantitative results.  © 2019, Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE capital budgeting; decision making; dynamic vofi; financial analysis;
   information systems; investment appraisal; modeling; risk analysis;
   simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 595
AR Li M/5, 2018, SIMUL, V94, P765, DOI 10.1177/0037549717741349
TI Factors influencing two-way referral between hospitals and the community in
   China: A system dynamics simulation model
AU Li M/5; Zhang Y/13; Lu Y; Yu W; Nong X/1; Zhang L/6
TC 32
SO SIMUL
PY 2018
AB Background: Two-way referrals between hospitals and community healthcare
   systems (CHSs) are important for optimizing the distribution of medical
   resources and enabling resource sharing, but referrals are always from CHSs
   to hospitals.  A referral from the hospital to the community is rare in
   China; this has a highly negative impact on the long-term development of the
   Chinese health services.  The aim of this study was to address influence
   factors in hospital–community referrals.  Methods: We constructed a system
   dynamics model to address the problem of the two-way referral between
   hospitals and CHSs and identified potential countermeasures and possible
   solutions.  The Vensim DSS program was used to construct a system dynamics
   model to represent the problem through model description, causal loop
   diagrams, and stock and flow diagrams.  Results: The model was used to
   perform intervention experiments, in which the influence on all the sectors
   of referrals could be observed by changing the system parameters.  The
   experimental results showed a greater difference in medical costs between
   hospitals and CHSs, more investments to CHSs, higher levels of medical
   insurance of CHSs, and more referrals from hospitals to CHSs.  Conclusions:
   The system can widen the price gap between hospitals and CHSs, increase
   information flow, improve medical insurance level of CHSs, and elevate the
   current level of CHSs through enabling two-way referral between hospitals
   and CHSs.  © The Author(s) 2017.
DE information and decision support systems; infrastructure planning and
   design; quantitative simulation; system dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; decision support systems; hospitals; investments;
   system theory; causal loop diagrams; health care system; infrastructure
   planning; long-term development; quantitative simulation; system dynamics;
   system dynamics model; system dynamics simulation; medical information
   systems

---

UT 596
AR Yang G/2, 2019, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V31, P2058, DOI
   10.16182/j.issn1004731x.joss.18-0380
TI Study on Ecological Compensation of Three Gorges Basin Based on Evolutionary
   Game Theory; [基于演化博弈的长江三峡流域生态补偿机制研究]
AU Yang G/2; Shi Y/5
TC 10
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2019
AB Under the background of the green development of the Yangtze River Economic
   Belt, based on the evolutionary game theory, the game model of the upstream
   and downstream governments of the Three Gorges Basin and the central
   ecological compensation behavior are constructed to analyze the interests
   appeal and compensation behaviors among the three parties, so as to have a
   complex interest game relationship in the Yangtze River and analyze the
   cases of ecological compensation in the Three Gorges Basin.  The research
   shows that without the restriction of central government, it is difficult
   for the upstream and downstream governments in the Three Gorges Basin to
   cooperate with each other to carry out ecological compensation.  The
   introduction of the central reward and punishment mechanism to control the
   environmental benefits of the governments can improve the efficiency of
   ecological compensation and management in the Three Gorges Basin.The Vensim
   software is used to further verify the optimal decision-making of the
   central government under different conditions, which can provide reference
   for the decision-making of the Three Gorges Basin.  © 2019, The Editorial
   Board of Journal of System Simulation.  All right reserved.
DE ecological compensation; evolutionary game; simulation; system dynamics;
   three gorges basin

---

UT 597
AR Li M/2, 2019, PROC INT CONF COMPUT IND ENG CIE, V2019-October
TI Research on knowledge sharing in Q&A based on system dynamics
AU Li M/2; Chen YY; Wang L/5; Fan YT
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF COMPUT IND ENG CIE
PY 2019
AB The Q&A community has gradually become an important channel for online users
   to acquire knowledge.  Its operational mechanism is complex.  Analysis of
   factors affecting knowledge sharing is conducive to improving the efficiency
   of knowledge sharing.  Based on motivation theory, the incentive factors
   that influence people's behavior are divided into external motivation and
   internal motivation.  External motivation refers to external rewards
   obtained after completing certain behaviours; while internal motivation is
   internal satisfaction in the process.  Simulations were performed using
   Vensim PLE software to simulate the process of knowledge sharing in the
   community and the impact of new user entry and the loss of old users on
   ongoing knowledge sharing.  Finally, under different levels of reciprocity,
   reputation and self-efficacy, the knowledge of the shared knowledge, the
   knowledge of the questioners and the changes in the common language gap are
   analyzed, and suggestions for the development designers of the Q&A community
   are provided.  © 2019, Computers and Industrial Engineering.  All rights
   reserved.
DE knowledge sharing; q and a community; system dynamics
ID knowledge management; system theory; internal motivations; knowledge
   sharing; motivation theories; older users; online users; operational
   mechanism; people behavior; q and a community; self efficacy; system
   dynamics; motivation

---

UT 598
AR Junior JC, 2019, BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG, V16, P14, DOI
   10.14488/BJOPM.2019.v16.n1.a2
TI COMPUTER SIMULATION MODEL FOR OUTPATIENT CLINICS IN A BRAZILIAN LARGE PUBLIC
   HOSPITAL SPECIALIZED IN CARDIOLOGY
AU Junior JC; Lima F; da Silva Fernandes AM; de Almeida Guardia F; da Silva VD;
   Maccheri GA
TC 4
SO BRAZ J OPER PROD MANAG
PY 2019
AB Goal: the main objective of this study is to analyze the behavior of the
   outpatient department of a large public hospital specialized in cardiology,
   understanding how the components of this system are related, in order to
   improve the hospital’s performance.  Design / Methodology / Approach: a case
   study was carried out in a public hospital specializing in cardiology with
   the aid of Modeling and Simulation of System Dynamics.  Results: the result
   showed that variables such as doctor availability and average consultation
   time have great influence on the service capacity.  Limitations of the
   investigation: the proceedings and times related to the medical staff are
   particular to each team and they are not standardized.  However, in the
   system dynamics modeling these particularities cannot be included.
   Practical implications: for theory, there is the state-of-the-art
   development in terms of how to manage and regarding the methodologies should
   be applied in a complex referential model composed of several moderating
   variables, in order to obtain the best use of the available resources (human
   and material) of the hospital.  For practice, the flow of patients in the
   hospital should be predicted and optimized, adding value to the services
   provided to its users.  Originality / Value: the originality of the work is
   based on the unprecedented application of quantitative methods for solving
   problems in Brazilian hospitals.  © 2019, Associacao Brasileira de
   Engenharia de Producao.  All rights reserved.
DE ambulatories; simulation in health care; system dynamics; vensim 60

---

UT 599
AR Miller MZ, 2012, 10TH ANN INT ENERGY CONV ENG CONF IECEC 2012
TI A game theoretic approach for smart grid demand response using system
   dynamics
AU Miller MZ; Duncan SJ; Mavris DN
TC 1
SO 10TH ANN INT ENERGY CONV ENG CONF IECEC 2012
PY 2012
AB The current energy grid is not capable of handling the future demands and
   currently could operate at a more desirable efficiency.  In order to solve
   these problems, a system-wide update has been proposed, commonly referred to
   as the Smart Grid.  In order to accomplish this, it has been proposed that
   the Smart Grid will feature various complex capabilities, including Demand
   Response, which is meant to reduce the peak loads, which in turn require the
   use of inefficient peaking plants.  Apart from the technical aspects, Demand
   Response requires a certain amount of consumer adoption to be successful.
   The influence of these interdependent customers means the Smart Grid is a
   collaborative system of systems, requiring analysis that captures the
   competing interests of the power producer/distributor and the residential
   power consumer.  In the example presented herein, game theory was used to
   evaluate a Demand Response program by representing interactions as a Game
   with Incomplete Information and modeling these games using System Dynamics
   constructed using Vensim® software.  Simulations were made using these
   models to capture the game's temporal aspects, which are often missed in
   classical game theory analysis.  By capturing these temporal aspects, this
   simulation was able to show the effects that initial conditions had on the
   first 100 days of possibly implementing a DR program.  The Game with
   Incomplete Information has been found to provide insight into how
   demographics of the population, in terms of adopters and skeptics, influence
   the success of an implemented DR program.  © 2012 by the American Institute
   of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Inc.  All rights reserved.
ID computer simulation; energy conversion; game theory; system theory;
   classical game theory; collaborative systems; consumer adoptions; demand
   response programs; incomplete information; initial conditions; technical
   aspects; temporal aspects; smart power grids

---

UT 600
AR Hussien MI, 2016, PROC INT BUS MANAG ASSOC CONF - VIS INNOV MANAG DEV
   SUSTAIN COMPET ECON GROWTH, P4325
TI Simulating banking service quality websites in Egypt: A system dynamic
   approach
AU Hussien MI; Aziz RAE
TC 1
SO PROC INT BUS MANAG ASSOC CONF - VIS INNOV MANAG DEV SUSTAIN COMPET ECON
   GROWTH
PY 2016
AB E-banking has experienced explosive growth and has transformed traditional
   banking practices in terms of the nature of products/services and the way
   these are provided.  The purpose of this paper is to develop a decision
   support system for the critical e-service quality dimensions using system
   dynamics simulation model with regards to the bank's websites or Internet
   banking in the Egyptian context after investigating the impact of e-service
   quality dimensions on e-banking websites in Egypt.  It highlights the
   quality problems in public and private banks from the perspectives of the
   main stakeholders; customers and Internet banking providers that are
   resulted from previous papers.  From the data analysis, supported by the
   literature, seven-service quality dimensions were identified; namely;
   Usability, Reliability, Responsiveness, Privacy, Fulfillment, Efficiency,
   Assurance.  A revised dynamics model was drawn and simulated using Powersim
   software.  System dynamics results show that Customer Relationship
   Management is a dimension that would increase e-service quality and customer
   satisfaction.  Finally, when results were brought together, similarities and
   differences between customers and Internet banking decision makers helped
   better understand the problem, derive conclusions and make recommendations.
   It helps banks' managers achieve a competitive edge through allocating
   attention and resources efficiently among e-service quality dimensions based
   on customer.
DE e-banking; e-service quality; powersim; system dynamics simulation
ID artificial intelligence; decision making; decision support systems;
   economics; electronic commerce; information management; innovation; public
   relations; quality of service; reliability analysis; sales; sustainable
   development; system theory; websites; competitive edges; customer
   relationship management; dynamics modeling; e-banking; e-service quality;
   powersim; quality problems; system dynamics simulation; customer
   satisfaction

---

UT 601
AR Morcillo JD, 2018, APPL ENERGY, V216, P504, DOI
   10.1016/j.apenergy.2018.02.104
TI Simulation of demand growth scenarios in the Colombian electricity market:
   An integration of system dynamics and dynamic systems
AU Morcillo JD; Franco CJ; Angulo F
TC 53
SO APPL ENERGY
PY 2018
AB Modeling and simulation of electricity markets have increasingly involved
   the use of a system dynamics (SD) approach.  Accordingly, the resulting
   dynamic hypothesis and the stock-flow structures are represented and
   simulated using softwares such as Stella, Powersim, iThink, or Vensim.
   However, SD models can be exploited even more, of which the investigation of
   signals in the time domain or the sensitivity analysis is just a small part
   of the study.  Since SD models are mathematical objects, they deserve an
   analytical or numerical study using tools provided by the dynamic systems
   (DS) methodology.  Therefore, this paper not only studies the dynamic
   hypothesis or the stock-flow structure of an electricity market model in the
   classical form, but also uses its inner mathematical object to provide a
   deeper insight into the system.  Using MATLAB/Simulink® the system is
   evaluated from a different approach not yet reported in the literature.  The
   combination of the SD and DS methodologies can open the door to a new and
   alternative method of analysis for electricity market models and even for
   any SD model.  In fact, this paper demonstrates that with this methodologies
   combination, more detailed analysis strategies and novel insights of the SD
   models can be developed, which can be easily exploited by policy makers to
   suggest improvements in regulations or market structures.  Moreover,
   considering that the energy market is evolving, and a series of macro and
   microstructural changes are impacting demand, we consider as an example a
   simplified version of the Colombian electricity market to report a detailed
   description of its dynamics under a broad range of growth rate of demand
   (GRD) scenarios.  Our study, inspired by the bifurcation and control theory
   of DS, primarily shows that Colombia is in dire need of a new capacity
   before 2020 to avoid rationing events expected to occur in the upcoming
   years.  © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
DE dynamic systems; electricity markets; growth rate of demand; system dynamics
ID colombia; electric industry; flow structure; matlab; sensitivity analysis;
   system theory; time domain analysis; colombians; demand growth; electricity
   market modeling; growth rate of demand; mathematical objects; model and
   simulation; stock flows; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; system
   methodologies; demand analysis; electricity; energy market; energy policy;
   growth rate; integrated approach; policy making; sensitivity analysis;
   simulation; software; power markets

---

UT 602
AR Al-Antari MA, 2016, NAT RADIO SCI CONF NRSC PROC, V2016-April, P431, DOI
   10.1109/NRSC.2016.7450871
TI A system dynamics based model for hepatic fibrosis in hepatitis C patients
AU Al-Antari MA; Almasani MA; Bu-Omer HM; Wahba KK
TC 1
SO NAT RADIO SCI CONF NRSC PROC
PY 2016
AB Hepatitis C virus (HCV) is the most common chronic disease in Egyptian
   society.  It is often a silent disease and causing no symptoms until much of
   the liver has been damaged.  In this paper we built a system dynamics model
   for the different life cycle stages of the HCV disease including the related
   factors using VENSIM PLE software.  This dynamic model gave the chance to
   take different measures to prevent or minimize the occurrence of this
   disease and provide the ability to decrease the mortality rate from late
   stage, cirrhosis, by appropriate treatments.  The accumulation of the
   consecutive stages of the HCV disease was an S-shape in the cirrhosis stage.
   This result suggests a good control on the HCV death rate.  © 2016 IEEE.
DE chronic hepatitis c; cirrhosis; liver fibrosis progression; simulation
   model; system dynamics
ID life cycle; population statistics; system theory; viruses; chronic hepatitis
   c; cirrhosis; liver fibrosis; simulation model; system dynamics; diseases

---

UT 603
AR Yin X-H, 2012, INT CONF MANAG SCI ENG - ANNU CONF PROC, P1911, DOI
   10.1109/ICMSE.2012.6414432
TI Research on traffic jam charging policy for vehicles on highway in Chinese
   megalopolis
AU Yin X-H; Jia Y-H; Niu Z-H
TC 2
SO INT CONF MANAG SCI ENG - ANNU CONF PROC
PY 2012
AB According to analysis the problem that "Whether it should continue for the
   highway charges" aroused public attention, as well as traffic congestion in
   the megalopolis, the paper firstly applied the principle of economics and
   social utility to analysis the feature of the highway to the implementation
   of the feasibility of traffic jam charging policy.  Secondly, the paper gave
   a simulation analysis of highway implement traffic jam charging policy by
   using Systematic Dynamics model, and used vensim software to draw a system
   flow Figure, and put forward traffic jam charging measures for urban
   sections of the highway.  Finally, the paper draw a conclusion that the
   highway urban sections of the megalopolis implement traffic jam charging
   policy can effectively relieve urban traffic jam and social pressure of
   public.  © 2012 IEEE.
DE highway; policy research; simulation analysis; system dynamics; traffic jam
   charging
ID computer simulation; computer software; emergency traffic control;
   management science; highway; policy researches; simulation analysis; system
   dynamics; traffic jams; traffic congestion

---

UT 604
AR Yang T, 2020, CHIN J UNDERGR SP ENG, V16, P1
TI Research on the Impacts of Underground Logistic System on Urban Development
   Based on System Dynamics; [基于系统动力学的地下物流系统对城市发展影响研究]
AU Yang T; Dong J/2; Guo Z
TC 3
SO CHIN J UNDERGR SP ENG
PY 2020
AB Underground logistics system (ULS) is a new idea to alleviate urban traffic
   congestion and promote urban sustainable development.  However, one of the
   reasons that restrict the development of underground logistics is the lack
   of quantitative benefit analysis of ULS on urban development.  A complex
   model reflecting the positive impacts of ULS on urban economy, environment,
   and society is constructed using System Dynamics.  The model runs in Vensim
   PLE software and Beijing is used as a case study.  The share rate of ULS is
   chosen as the control variable for simulation, and the results reveal that
   ULS has significant impacts on the alleviation of the traffic pressure,
   improvement of the urban ecological environment, effective utilization of
   urban space resources, the increase of employed population and so on.  ©
   2020 Editorial Department of Chinese Journal of Underground Space and
   Engineering.  All rights reserved.
DE integrated transportation; simulation; system dynamics; underground logistic
   system ( uls ); urban development

---

UT 605
AR Sun X-B, 2012, DONGBEI DAXUE XUEBAO, V33, P1509
TI Modeling and simulation of system dynamics for logistics organization
   innovation
AU Sun X-B; Qi H-J; Luo N
TC 0
SO DONGBEI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2012
AB Based on the principle and characteristics of system dynamics, a model was
   constructed for logistics organization innovation system.  The logistic
   organization system of FT company was simulated with vensim software.  The
   results indicated that the logistic organization innovation system of FT
   company was an internal innovation development action.  It was resulted from
   the changes of internal and external environment, and was based on logistics
   resources and logistics capability.  It was supported by the organization
   learning and logistics knowledge, and at the same time, it was also
   obstructed by cognitive inertia and action inertia of organization.
DE logistic organization; logistics capability; organization innovation;
   organization learning; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; industry; external environments; innovation system;
   logistics capabilities; modeling and simulation; organization learning;
   organization system; system dynamics; system theory

---

UT 606
AR Yang Y/2, 2014, TRANSP RES PROCEDIA, V4, P521, DOI
   10.1016/j.trpro.2014.11.040
TI Assessment of the Impacts of Urban Rail Transit on Metropolitan Regions
   Using System Dynamics Model
AU Yang Y/2; Zhang P; Ni S
TC 36
SO TRANSP RES PROCEDIA
PY 2014
AB Urban rail transit system (i.e., metro and light rail) has significant
   impacts on the mitigation of traffic congestion and sustainable developments
   of urban traffic system because of the system advantages in terms of speed,
   land occupation, and low emission.  However, considering the complexity and
   dynamics of the urban traffic system as a whole, it is difficult to achieve
   effective assessments of a variety of comprehensive impacts.  This paper
   presents the analysis of the impacts of urban rail transit system on
   metropolitan regions in four aspects: urban traffic, economy, society, and
   environment, using software Vensim to build a System Dynamics (SD) model on
   the basis of the system structure analysis.  A series of variables are
   adopted in the model to represent these impacts, which contain congestion
   degree, GDP (Gross Domestic Product), population, land values, harmful gas
   emission, accident rate, etc.  Construction scale of urban rail transit is
   selected as the control variable to simulate changes of different indexes
   under various levels of urban rail transit system scale.  A case study of
   Guangzhou is carried out as a verification of this model to simulate the
   comprehensive impacts, including congestion degree, total number of cars,
   land values, and PM10, etc.  under different control variables.  This paper
   provides a feasible and effective approach to simulating complex traffic
   system and references for government decision-making on transportation
   infrastructure planning.  © 2014 The Authors.
DE and environmental impacts; economic; social; sustainable development; system
   dynamics model; urban rail transit; vensim

---

UT 607
AR Matlakala ME, 2020, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, V59, P200
TI Systems dynamic of portable water shortage in the limpopo province of south
   africa
AU Matlakala ME; Von Kallon DV
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2020
AB Limpopo is the hottest Province in South Africa and has less percentage of
   rain to fill up its dams and rivers.  There is a higher chance for the
   communities to run short of water because the used water is not recycled.
   The villages use pit toilets, therefore, it becomes difficult to have a
   water recycling plant.  The purpose of this study is to model the water
   supply chain to determine the solution for water delivery in rural areas of
   the Limpopo Province.  A system dynamic model is developed using Vensim
   software.  The system is simulated to develop a solution to water crises in
   the province.  The systems dynamics modelling is discussed herein.  The
   Vensim Model was to capture the interaction between the source of water,
   water treatment plant, water recycling, potable water transmission,
   commercial and domestic water distribution.  The results show that the
   building of infrastructure for portable water without recycling plant, will
   partially solve the crisis of water shortage in the province.  The recycling
   plant is found to be helpful in saving water for future purposes.  © IEOM
   Society International.
DE limpopo; model; system; systems dynamics; water recycling

---

UT 608
AR Akopov AS, 2012, INT J COMPUT APPL TECHNOL, V45, P220, DOI
   10.1504/IJCAT.2012.051122
TI Designing of integrated system-dynamics models for an oil company
AU Akopov AS
TC 20
SO INT J COMPUT APPL TECHNOL
PY 2012
AB This paper presents a new approach to designing integrated simulation models
   for large corporations.  This approach is based on the use of system-
   dynamics methods for implementing models of segments of the vertically
   integrated company taking into account the available direct and feedback
   links.  All models have been designed with the help of power simulation tool
   - Powersim Studio.  In addition, the designed simulation system has been
   integrated with created genetic algorithm and the corporate data warehouse.
   Copyright © 2012 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
DE computer modeling and simulation; genetic optimization algorithm; investment
   activity; powersim studio; system dynamics; vertically integrated oil
   company; vioc
ID data warehouses; genetic algorithms; studios; computer modeling and
   simulation; oil companies; optimizations; system dynamics; vioc; system
   theory

---

UT 609
AR Shi Y, 2019, PROC INT CONF COMPUT IND ENG CIE, V2019-October
TI Pricing strategy analysis of third party collaborative manufacturing
   platform based on system dynamics
AU Shi Y; Dan B; Li W/3; Sui R
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF COMPUT IND ENG CIE
PY 2019
AB This paper studies a supply chain system composed of multi-manufacturers and
   multi-suppliers supported by a third-party collaborative manufacturing
   platform.  We build a system dynamics model to analyze the pricing strategy
   of the platform for manufacturers and suppliers.  And depicting some factors
   which will influence the profit of the platform, including the number of
   manufacturers and suppliers, the access fee of manufacturers and suppliers,
   then the model is simulated with Vensim software.  Finally, we get the
   result of the platform pricing strategy.  The research results show that the
   profit of the platform is affected by the pricing of bilateral users.  The
   platform attracts manufacturers to join by reducing the access fee to
   manufacturers and drives more suppliers to join through network effect, to
   significantly improve the overall profit of the platform.  © 2019, Computers
   and Industrial Engineering.  All rights reserved.
DE pricing strategy; system dynamics; third-party collaborative manufacturing
   platform
ID costs; manufacture; supply chains; system theory; access fee; collaborative
   manufacturing; manufacturing platforms; multisupplier; pricing strategy;
   supply chain systems; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; third
   parties; third-party collaborative manufacturing platform; profitability

---

UT 610
AR Tang R, 2019, HUANJING KEXUE XUEBAO, V39, P2071, DOI
   10.13671/j.hjkxxb.2019.0014
TI System dynamics modelling on Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) forecasting and
   controlling in Xiamen City; [厦门市城市生活垃圾的系统动力学预测管控体系]
AU Tang R; Wang C/5; Chen Y/1; Xu X/1
TC 6
SO HUANJING KEXUE XUEBAO
PY 2019
AB A series of health and environmental problems have emerged along with the
   rapid growth of municipal solid waste (MSW) generation.  A precise
   forecasting on the mount of MSW generation could assist as the foundation
   for decision making on effective and efficient MSW management.  This study
   aims to develop a system dynamics model for MSW forecasting and controlling.
   Taking one of the special economic zones in China-the Xiamen City as an
   empirical case, the simulation and quantitative analysis were carried out
   using the system dynamics (SD) methodology.  In specific, the causal loop
   diagram on MSW generation was plotted in the VENSIM interface, and the
   stock-and-flow SD model was established through model structure analysis.
   The simulation results show that the MSW generation amount will reach 3040
   thousand tonnes by 2030 in Xiamen City, and this amount could be effectively
   reduced by conducting those measures such as sorting and recycling garbage
   and increasing the waste charges.  © 2019, Science Press.  All right
   reserved.
DE causal loop diagram ( cld ); municipal solid waste ( msw ); simulation;
   stock and flow model; system dynamics ( sd )
ID china; fujian; xiamen; decision making; diagram; forecasting method;
   graphical method; municipal solid waste; numerical method; numerical model;
   simulation; waste management

---

UT 611
AR Liu L/7, 2019, COGENT ENG, V6, DOI 10.1080/23311916.2019.1682775
TI Sustainable development analysis of design and manufacturing integration: A
   system dynamics approach
AU Liu L/7; Hsu Y; Lin J
TC 3
SO COGENT ENG
PY 2019
AB The issue of the sustainability of design and manufacturing is dynamic,
   comprehensive and complex, and has always been a subject of discussion for
   scholars.  This paper focuses on the sustainable issues of design and
   manufacturing and attempts to establish a system dynamics model combining
   design and manufacturing sustainability (CDMS). Through the method of system
   dynamics, Vensim software is used as the research tool, and the functions
   and influence proportions of the influencing variables are substituted into
   the model and then calculated.  The information feedback mechanism and the
   causal cycle principle are used to simulate the development state of design
   and manufacturing.  The results show that CDMS can smoothly present the
   interaction between design and manufacturing, and the variables are related
   to each other, showing the advantages of the CDMS model in analyzing the
   sustainable development of design and manufacturing.  The research can
   provide further reference for follow-up research and practical application.
   © 2019, © 2019 The Author(s). This open access article is distributed under
   a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license.
DE design; manufacturing; sustainable development; system dynamics

---

UT 612
AR Sriram KV, 2018, INTJ CIV ENG TECHNOL, V9, P1454
TI Building energy efficiency using system dynamics approach - A case study in
   an academic block
AU Sriram KV; Michael LK; Mathew AO; Nair I; Shaikh T
TC 4
SO INTJ CIV ENG TECHNOL
PY 2018
AB The electricity consumption in commercial buildings and educational
   institutions is increasing rapidly over the last few year.  It is imperative
   to study this consumption pattern and adopt techniques and technologies to
   reduce the consumption.  The aim of this study is to identify the variables
   that directly or indirectly affect the energy consumption in a building.
   For this study a building infrastructure of a leading educational
   institution was considered.  A model has been developed using the concept of
   system dynamics to analyze the dynamics of electricity consumption and to
   illustrate the relationship between the identified variables.  A system
   dynamics modeling tool, Vensim, has been used for this purpose.  The results
   revealed that there is a scope for change in the lighting system.  Two
   solutions are proposed- to replace all present CFLs with LEDs; and to reduce
   the number of working days and increasing the number of operating hours.
   This results showed that there is a significant reduction in the energy
   consumption and an increase in the savings.  © 2018 IAEME Publication.All
   right reserved.
DE building energy efficiency; electricity cost; energy audit; energy
   consumption; savings; system dynamics

---

UT 613
AR Cho M, 2018, INT J GRID DISTRIB COMPUT, V11, P1, DOI
   10.14257/ijgdc.2018.11.4.01
TI Response analysis model of social networks using fuzzy sets and system
   dynamics
AU Cho M
TC 0
SO INT J GRID DISTRIB COMPUT
PY 2018
AB Research on social network is an important topic in social science.  A
   social network is a realistic environment with both network and
   interconnection characteristics.  This study presents a simulation model of
   how each node responds to specific inputs (ex.  Incentives) to the social
   networks.  In addition, when the setting value of a specific node is changed
   while simulation is performed, the reaction of the related nodes can be
   checked in real time.  The simulation model is made by considering various
   environments such as unidirectional, fuzzy set, weighting, and cyclic
   feedback, so this model can be applied in a complex environment of practical
   work.  Finally, since the simulation model needs to analyze the node
   response to repetitive input and the relation of each node, we implemented
   it using Vensim rather than NetLogo.  © 2018 SERSC Australia.
DE feedback; simulation; social network; social science; system dynamic

---

UT 614
AR Wu Y/1, 2011, CITIES, V28, P147, DOI 10.1016/j.cities.2010.11.002
TI The impact of urbanization policy on land use change: A scenario analysis
AU Wu Y/1; Zhang X/2; Shen L
TC 148
SO CITIES
PY 2011
AB The rapid urbanization has led to extensive land use change particularly in
   those developing countries.  In line with the development of urbanization,
   arable land is decreasing dramatically, which presents the threat to the
   food security for human being.  It is therefore essential to understand the
   level of impacts of urbanization on the land use change.  This paper
   introduces a dynamic systems based method for assessing the impacts of
   urbanization policy on land use change with reference to the urbanization
   practice in China.  Four typical policy scenarios are identified in
   implementing urbanization in China, including balanced development driven by
   planning, uneven development driven by planning, balanced development driven
   by market and uneven development driven by market and their impacts on land
   use change are analyzed through a dynamic system model.  Land use change is
   considered as a dynamic system model composing five subsystems:
   urbanization, social, economic, environmental and land use subsystems.  The
   key attributes in these five subsystems are interactive and they are dynamic
   variables.  The assessment on the impacts of urbanization policy to land use
   change is demonstrated through employing the software iThink to the land use
   change dynamic model, using the data collected from the Jinyun County in
   China.  The findings suggest that the urban construction land will continue
   to increase in the foreseeable future in China, whilst the agricultural land
   will gradually decrease.  Nevertheless, different policy scenarios will have
   different impacts on these land changes.  Thus decision makers can adopt
   different policies to control the rate of land use change.  © 2010 Elsevier
   Ltd.
DE land use change; modeling; regional planning; system dynamics ( sd );
   urbanization policy
ID china; arable land; developing world; land use change; modeling; regional
   planning; urban planning; urban policy; urbanization

---

UT 615
AR Rendón-Sagardi MA, 2014, J APPL RES TECHNOL, V12, P724, DOI
   10.1016/S1665-6423(14)70089-6
TI Dynamic evaluation of production policies: Improving the coordination of an
   ethanol supply chain
AU Rendón-Sagardi MA; Sánchez-Ramírez C; Cortés-Robles G; Alor-Hernández G;
   Moncayo-Martínez LA
TC 5
SO J APPL RES TECHNOL
PY 2014
AB This paper uses System Dynamics modeling and process simulation to explore
   coordination in two logistic processes (procurement and production) of the
   supply chain of an ethanol plant.  In that sense, three production scenarios
   are evaluated to identify: a) stock movement according to current inventory
   policies, and b) the critical variables affecting the coordination for these
   two processes.  Since the main goal in the company is to meet customer
   demand, this research incorporates sales forecasting, and four performance
   indicators to evaluate the state of the processes: 1) average percentage of
   demand satisfaction, 2) maximum amount of ethanol in excess, 3) available
   ethanol at the end of the year, and 4) inventory costs.  To model the case
   study, the change in production yield and specific constraints for the chain
   are considered.  The simulation results show that System Dynamics modeling
   can be used to observe the effects of policies on inventory, and meeting the
   demand in a real system.  It also can define the coordination for a supply
   chain and give information to improve it.  The developed model uses STELLA®
   software to simulate the logistic processes and execute the evaluation
   employing the performance indicators.
DE ethanol plant; procurement; production; supply chain; system dynamics

---

UT 616
AR Boyko AA, 2019, J PHYS CONF SER, V1333, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1333/3/032009
TI Dynamic simulation of calculating the purchase of equipment on credit
AU Boyko AA; Kukartsev VV/1; Tynchenko VS; Kukartsev VA; Chzhan EA; Mikhalev AS
TC 11
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2019
AB The dynamic simulation of calculation of the purchase of the equipment on
   credit is presented in this article.  The model is developed on the basis of
   systems dynamics method with the help of Powersim Studio.  Calculations were
   carried out for two ways of paying off the credit debt: annuity and
   differentiated.  The model was used as the tool for researching the variants
   of payment and deciding which one is more beneficial.  As a result, the
   different sums of credit payments were received (assignments of percent,
   payments on a principal debt, the total amount of credit payments, etc.).
   The conducted research allows drawing a conclusion that the developed
   dynamic simulation is rather universal and it is possible to conduct the
   various research concerning the different sides of purchasing the equipment
   on credit on its basis.  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID investments; purchasing; systems dynamics; two ways; sales

---

UT 617
AR Bang H, 2017, ADV SCI LETT, V23, P1557, DOI 10.1166/asl.2017.8609
TI Application of system dynamics approach to group performance model
AU Bang H; Kim B
TC 0
SO ADV SCI LETT
PY 2017
AB The purpose of this study is to explore an alternative approach for modeling
   and analyzing the dynamic nature of organizational behaviors within groups.
   We assume that System Dynamics can provide an alternative approach for
   resolving traditional research problems of static correlational
   relationships or of the one-way causal direction approach in organizational
   behavior studies.  We derived a hypothetical and exploratory causal model
   and stockand- flow diagram for exploratory group performance model from
   antecedent literatures.  Then we simulated the stock-and-flow diagram with
   Vensim PLE software.  Our results show that the causal diagram of system
   dynamics can integrate all the complex circular causal relationships into
   one comprehensive model.  Furthermore, we can draw possibilities to utilize
   computer-based simulation approach in organizational behavior research.  ©
   2017 American Scientific Publishers.  All rights reserved.
DE complex circular causal relationship; group performance model; system
   dynamics approach

---

UT 618
AR Sattari MT, 2020, J TEKIRDAG AGRIC FAC, V17, P406, DOI 10.33462/jotaf.703167
TI Investigating the effect of managing scenarios of flow reduction and
   increasing irrigation water demand on water resources allocation using
   system dynamics (case study: Zonouz dam, Iran); [Sistem dinamigi
   kullanilarak akis azaltma ve sulama suyu talebinin artirilmasi
   senaryolarinin su kaynaklari tahsisi üzerine etkisinin arastirilmasi (örnek
   cąlisma: Zonouz baraji, Iran)]
AU Sattari MT; MIrabbasi R; Dolati H; Sureh FS; Ahmad S/1
TC 10
SO J TEKIRDAG AGRIC FAC
PY 2020
AB Meeting the healthy nutrition needs of the increasing population in the arid
   and semi-arid climates of the different regions of the world such as Iran
   has become very important for the agriculture ministry and water resources
   managers.  In this study, the system dynamics approach was used in the
   Vensim software environment to allocate the water of the Zonouz dam
   reservoir for irrigation purposes in the northwest of Iran.  For this
   purpose, the existing surface water resources in the basin and the amounts
   of agricultural water and environmental water demands were determined and a
   water allocation plan was developed.  In the first stage of the study, it
   was found that if the existing water resources and demands will not change,
   the amount of water stored in the reservoir will provide approximately 91%
   of irrigation water demands and approximately 99% of environmental water
   needs.  The model created in the study was found to be sensitive to
   reservoir inputs and irrigation water demands.  Within the scope of this
   study, the impact of two different scenarios that may occur as a result of
   climate change and irrigation management in the operation of the reservoir
   was evaluated.  The decrease in the amount of water entering the reservoir
   in the first scenario and the increase in irrigation water needs in the
   second scenario are assumed within the next 10 years.  According to the
   simulation results of the first scenario, irrigation water demands will not
   be met sufficiently with the decrease in the amount of water to be stored in
   the reservoir due to the decrease in the amount of water entering the
   reservoir in the next 10 years.  According to the results of the second
   scenario, in the next 10 years due to possible climate change or if the
   cultivated area increases due to some new agricultural policies; The amount
   of water stored in the reservoir will not meet the irrigation demands and
   there will be water shortage in the system.  In this case, it is necessary
   to make changes in irrigation water management and use new irrigation
   systems to save water.  Based on the findings of the study, it has been
   observed that the impact of all types of irrigation water policies can be
   successfully evaluated within the scope of the system dynamics approach.  ©
   2020 Namik Kemal University - Agricultural Faculty.  All rights reserved.
DE iran; system dynamics; vensim; water resources allocation; zonouz dam

---

UT 619
AR Yuan H-P, 2013, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V33, P2415
TI Dynamic modeling the economic effectiveness of construction waste management
AU Yuan H-P; Wang J-Y
TC 12
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2013
AB The aim of this study is to investigate the economic effectiveness of
   construction waste management by using a system dynamics approach.  Firstly,
   interrelations of factors affecting the economic effectiveness of
   construction waste management were depicted.  Then a dynamic model was
   developed for assessing the economic effectiveness of construction waste
   management with the aid of Vensim software package.  The findings show that
   the model established is reliable and effective for assessment.  Meanwhile,
   the model could be adopted for assessing the economic effectiveness of
   construction waste management and provide useful guides and references for
   relevant decision making.
DE construction waste; economic effectiveness; system dynamics; waste
   management
ID system theory; waste management; construction waste managements;
   construction wastes; economic effectiveness; system dynamics; system
   dynamics approach; economic and social effects

---

UT 620
AR Widmark S, 2012, PHYS TEACH, V50, P105, DOI 10.1119/1.3677287
TI Modeling Physical Systems Using Vensim PLE Systems Dynamics Software
AU Widmark S
TC 5
SO PHYS TEACH
PY 2012
AB Many physical systems are described by timedependent differential equations
   or systems of such equations.  This makes it difficult for students in an
   introductory physics class to solve many real-world problems since these
   students typically have little or no experience with this kind of
   mathematics.  In my high school physics classes, I address this problem by
   having my students use a variety of software solutions to model physical
   systems described by differential equations.  These include spreadsheets,
   applets, software my students themselves create, and systems dynamics
   software.1 For the latter, cost is often the main issue in choosing a
   solution for use in a public school and so I researched no-cost software.  I
   found Sphinx SD,2 OptiSim,3 Systems Dynamics,4 Simile (Trial Edition),5 and
   Vensim PLE.6 In evaluating each of these solutions, I looked for the fewest
   restrictions in the license for educational use, ease of use by students,
   power, and versatility.  In my opinion, Vensim PLE best fulfills these
   criteria.7. © American Association of Physics Teachers.

---

UT 621
AR Sakundarini N, 2019, TECHNOL ECO-INNOVATION SUSTAIN ECO DES PROD SERV, P117,
   DOI 10.1007/978-981-13-1181-9_10
TI Component Recoverability Analysis in Product Design Using System Dynamic
   Modelling
AU Sakundarini N; Riwayat NS; Chin CMM; Yap EH; Ghazilla RAR; Abdul-Rashid SH
TC 1
SO TECHNOL ECO-INNOVATION SUSTAIN ECO DES PROD SERV
PY 2019
AB The fundamental objective of the research is to develop a system that
   analyses component recoverability at the product design stage using two
   separate tools, namely, a system dynamic model (SDM) and the recoverability
   factor formula.  Engineers can utilise both the SDM and recoverability
   factor formula at the design stage to develop eco-friendly products.  Both
   the SDM and the recoverability factor enable engineers to optimise their
   products from the resource recovery perspective.  The SDM built using Vensim
   PLE provides a visual representation of the resource and energy consumptions
   and financial aspects of the component production, recovery, and disposal.
   The recoverability factor measures various aspects of the product design
   from a static standpoint by examining the product’s physical design which
   includes material compatibility, disassembly complexity, geometric
   positioning of each component, time taken for disassembly, depth factor,
   generic factor through Standard Component Index (SCI), and energy
   consumption improvement (ECI). The novelty of this research is that it has
   two different aspects to it.  The recoverability factor provides with an
   index to measure how recoverable the product is, regardless of the cost or
   end-of-life (EOL) strategies.  The SDM provides a clear view of how
   sustainable the design is over time with consideration of not just the
   environmental effect but also the financial impact on the manufacturer.  The
   recoverability factor is generic and can be used for any types of product
   made from any materials in any industry, whereas precedent studies focused
   more on specific products, e.g.  automotive, footwear, and electronic and
   electrical equipment (EEE). © Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.  2019.
DE energy consumption ecodesign; recoverability; standard component index;
   system dynamics

---

UT 622
AR Wu M-H, 2013, PEDIATR NEONATOL, V54, P389, DOI 10.1016/j.pedneo.2013.04.010
TI Theoretical system dynamics modeling for Taiwan pediatric workforce in an
   era of national health insurance and low birth rates
AU Wu M-H; Yu J-Y; Huang C-H
TC 18
SO PEDIATR NEONATOL
PY 2013
AB Background In an era of declining birth rates and a single-payer health care
   system, the pediatric workforce might overreact to its demands.  System
   dynamics (SD) were therefore applied to establish models to predict the
   future need and demand for the pediatric workforce.  Materials and methods
   Data of population and workforce were extracted from national databases and
   models developed using Vensim software.  Results In the past decade, the
   child-to-pediatrician ratio correlated with infant mortality in Taiwan (p <
   0.001, r2 = 0.88, child-to-pediatrician ratio = 146 + 354 × infant
   mortality/1000 live births). Currently, the child-to-pediatrician ratio is
   1742:1. Using the Millennium Development Goals (2.437/1000 live births) for
   infant mortality, the child-to-pediatrician ratio was estimated as 1009:1.
   The pediatric population model incorporated the birth and mortality rates in
   each age category, accurately predicted population changes between 1974 and
   2010, and projected a decreasing trend until 2017. The pediatric workforce
   model, which considered rates of enrollment, completion, certification, and
   retention, predicted a decrease in the supply of pediatricians in the
   mid-2010s that could be delayed by policy incentives.  When targeting the
   base scenario, the model indicated that discrepancies between demands and
   supply of pediatricians would occur in the late 2010s toward 2020. When
   targeting the Millennium Development Goals scenario, however, the
   discrepancies would be consistent.  Conclusion Effective SD models were
   developed for the population and health care workforce.  The strengths of
   the SD models are derived from simulation, which is subject to influence
   from new policies.  Policies can, therefore, be examined and intervened in a
   timely manner.  Copyright © 2013, Taiwan Pediatric Association.  Published
   by Elsevier Taiwan LLC. All rights reserved.
DE pediatrics; system dynamics; workforce
ID birth rate; databases factual; female; humans; male; middle aged; models
   theoretical; national health programs; pediatrics; taiwan; pediatrics;
   system dynamics; workforce; article; birth rate; certification; child to
   pediatrician ratio; computer program; computer simulation; data base; health
   care manpower; human; infant mortality; live birth; mathematical model;
   national health insurance; pediatrician; population model; statistical
   parameters; taiwan

---

UT 623
AR Wang T/2, 2011, INT CONF E-BUS E-GOV ICEE - PROC, P720, DOI
   10.1109/ICEBEG.2011.5881611
TI A study on the flow of economic factors during the process of urban and
   rural integration by system dynamics modeling and simulation
AU Wang T/2; Tong G
TC 0
SO INT CONF E-BUS E-GOV ICEE - PROC
PY 2011
AB This paper studies the basic framework of economic factors mobility
   framework during the process of integration of urban and rural from the
   perspective of system dynamics.  By positive feedback of economic factors
   mobility, the causal loop diagrams of human resources, technology and funds
   are analyzed.  Furthermore, a flow chart and system dynamics model are
   established.  Vensim PLE is used to simulate and test the validation and
   application value of model.  The simulation results show that the model
   could fit the revolution of practical integration effect, and provide valid
   suggestions for regional economical management.  © 2011 IEEE.
DE economic factors; modeling and simulation; system dynamics; urban and rural
   integration
ID electronic commerce; feedback; government data processing; integration;
   system theory; causal loop diagrams; economic factors; economical
   management; flow charts; modeling and simulation; simulation result; system
   dynamics; system dynamics model; system dynamics modeling; urban and rural
   integration; computer simulation

---

UT 624
AR Tseng C-H, 2019, J CLEAN PROD, V239, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2019.118006
TI System dynamics modeling of waste management, greenhouse gas emissions, and
   environmental costs from convenience stores
AU Tseng C-H; Hsu Y-C; Chen Y-C
TC 32
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2019
AB The municipal solid waste (MSW), food waste, and spent coffee grounds (SCG)
   generated by the fast-growing convenience store market is expected to affect
   the environment.  In this study, six waste management scenarios and their
   greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and environmental costs were evaluated using
   a system dynamics model from STELLA software.  A maximum GHG mitigation of
   24.22% was reached when both food waste and SCG were anaerobically digested
   with energy recovery.  Energy recovery from waste management is helpful for
   GHG mitigation, but its effects are limited.  Recycling MSW is the most
   costly method of waste management, followed by incineration and anaerobic
   digestion.  The highest environmental revenue US$ 5332/y was achieved in the
   third scenario with highest GHG mitigation.  To meet the requirements of
   corporate social responsibility, businesses could use the method established
   in this study to evaluate the environmental impacts of their GHG emissions
   and associated costs.  © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
DE cost; energy; food waste; greenhouse gas; spent coffee grounds; waste
ID anaerobic digestion; costs; environmental management; gas emissions;
   greenhouse gasses; system theory; waste incineration; wastes; corporate
   social responsibilities ( csr ); energy; environmental costs; food waste;
   management scenarios; municipal solid waste ( msw ); spent coffee grounds;
   system dynamics model; municipal solid waste

---

UT 625
AR Marzouk M, 2017, ENERGY BUILD, V134, P143, DOI 10.1016/j.enbuild.2016.10.034
TI Analyzing sustainability in low-income housing projects using system
   dynamics
AU Marzouk M; Azab S
TC 20
SO ENERGY BUILD
PY 2017
AB Low-Income Housing (LIH) projects have a vital role in developing countries
   as they serve a large sector of society; hence, they are considered one of
   the most important projects funded by governments.  The total Life-Cycle
   Cost (LCC) of these projects is incurred during the use phase, making these
   projects lose its economic aspect of sustainability.  Therefore, it is
   important to decrease the costs of such projects during their life cycle,
   taking into consideration the available resources.  This paper focuses on
   two aspects of the sustainability of building through its life cycle;
   environmental and economic.  For this purpose, the methodology considers
   reasonable costs that fit LIH projects using environmentally friendly
   materials.  The methodology is based on assessing the LCC of LIH projects,
   taking into consideration initial cost and operation costs.  The paper
   focuses on green-building materials with minimal cost, corresponding to the
   maximum number of points awarded under the Leadership in Energy and
   Environmental Design (LEED) rating system.  This methodology is developed
   through the formulation of the System Dynamics (SD) model using a STELLA
   software package.  The proposed model is capable of considering the dynamic
   nature and interactions among major variables affecting the assessment of
   economic and environmental performances of selected green materials.  The
   proposed assessment methodology helps the decision makers in governmental
   housing authorities to modify the current management policies for improving
   the current situation of LIH. In addition, it aids government and/or
   contractors to minimize LCC while achieving maximum LEED material credit
   points for LIH projects.  A detailed case study in Egypt is presented to
   clarify the practical features of the proposed model.  © 2016 Elsevier B.V.
DE green building; leed; life cycle cost ( lcc ); low-income housing ( lih );
   sustainability; system dynamics modeling
ID sustainable building; sustainable development goals; green buildings;
   housing projects; leadership in energy and environmental designs; life cycle
   cost; low-income housing; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; total
   life cycle costs; use phase; green buildings

---

UT 626
AR Simonetto EDO, 2014, INT J ENV SUSTAIN DEV, V13, P339, DOI
   10.1504/IJESD.2014.064960
TI Simulation computer to evaluate scenarios of solid waste - An approach using
   systems dynamics
AU Simonetto EDO
TC 8
SO INT J ENV SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2014
AB The article presents the development, validation and experimentation of
   simulation model using systems dynamics methodology, which allows users and
   managers to evaluate and analyse scenarios about the generation and disposal
   of urban solid waste.  The developed model takes into account the following
   rates and information: rate of population natural increase (births and
   deaths), percentage of urban solid waste sent to each type of final disposal
   and the quantity of waste generated per inhabitant.  The simulated scenarios
   take into account three distinct situations: a) current scenario with
   varying rates; b) current scenario with static rates; c) scenario with rates
   similar to the Netherlands's.  The model's validation was developed through
   the analysis of future scenarios for a municipality in Brazil's southern
   region.  With the generated results, the area managers may, in advance,
   evaluate and decide possible ways for improvements or adjustments in the
   management of municipal solid waste.  The best simulated scenario was with
   rates similar to the Netherlands's.  For the system modelling and
   development Vensim simulator was used.  Copyright © 2014 Inderscience
   Enterprises Ltd.
DE computational simulation; decision making process; population growth; solid
   waste
ID decision making; managers; population statistics; solid wastes;
   verification; waste disposal; computational simulation; decision making
   process; developed model; final disposals; population growth; simulation
   model; system modeling; systems dynamics; municipal solid waste

---

UT 627
AR Lee H, 2015, J KOREAN ACAD NURS, V45, P723, DOI 10.4040/jkan.2015.45.5.723
TI Non-linear system dynamics simulation modeling of adolescent obesity: Using
   Korea youth risk behavior web-based survey
AU Lee H; Park ES; Yu JK; Yun EK
TC 4
SO J KOREAN ACAD NURS
PY 2015
AB Purpose: The purpose of this study was to develop a system dynamics model
   for adolescent obesity in Korea that could be used for obesity policy
   analysis.  Methods: On the basis of the casual loop diagram, a model was
   developed by converting to stock and flow diagram.  The Vensim DSS 5.0
   program was used in the model development.  We simulated method of moments
   to the calibration of this model with data from The Korea Youth Risk
   Behavior Web-based Survey 2005 to 2013. We ran the scenario simulation.
   Results: This model can be used to understand the current adolescent obesity
   rate, predict the future obesity rate, and be utilized as a tool for
   controlling the risk factors.  The results of the model simulation match
   well with the data.  It was identified that a proper model, able to predict
   obesity probability, was established.  Conclusion: These results of stock
   and flow diagram modeling in adolescent obesity can be helpful in
   development of obesity by policy planners and other stakeholders to better
   anticipate the multiple effects of interventions in both the short and the
   long term.  In the future we suggest the development of an expanded model
   based on this adolescent obesity model.  © 2015 Korean Society of Nursing
   Science.
DE adolescent; nonlinear dynamics; obesity
ID adolescent; humans; internet; nonlinear dynamics; obesity; republic of
   korea; risk factors; risk-taking; surveys and questionnaires; adolescent;
   high risk behavior; human; internet; nonlinear system; obesity; pathology;
   questionnaire; risk factor; south korea

---

UT 628
AR Djati AP, 2019, INDIAN J PUBLIC HEAL RES DEV, V10, P753, DOI
   10.5958/0976-5506.2019.00593.X
TI System dynamic model of leptospirosis control in demak, indonesia, 2014
AU Djati AP; Ramadhani T; Pramestuti N; Priyanto D; Handayani T; Budhi Soesilo
   TE
TC 1
SO INDIAN J PUBLIC HEAL RES DEV
PY 2019
AB Cases of leptospirosis persist in Demak District of Indonesia every year.
   It’s needed a mix method (epidemiology, ecology, and system thinking
   approach) to analyze and to choose the best intervention based on time
   series data.  The study located in Demak, Jawa Tengah on May to November,
   2014. Based on an existing model that formulated by time series data for six
   years (2007 – 2013), leptospirosis control was simulated using a system
   dynamics method.  The simulation was based on seven pre-defined scenarios.
   The software used to assist the completion of the dynamic model was Powersim
   version 2.5 for Windows.  Predictions extended over 5 years.  The model
   predicted that, if the intervention was biological control and included
   rodent control, the leptospirosis cases could be prevented up to 20.7%.
   Wound care could prevent up to 1.6% of the disease.  Efforts to prevent
   direct contact between healthy humans and urine of infected rodents had the
   strongest impact on reducing leptospirosis in this model, as this could
   decrease cases by up to 98.14%. Domestic waste management as a source of
   rodent food in households reduced the predicted number of leptospirosis
   cases by 1.8%. A combination of the prevention of contact between healthy
   humans with contaminated water, wound care, biological and mechanical rodent
   control, and domestic waste management together resulted in a predicted
   incidence of 0.45% leptospirosis cases per year.  The model was a useful
   tool to predict the efficiency of leptospirosis control under various
   intervention scenarios.  © 2019, Indian Journal of Public Health Research
   and Development.  All rights reserved.
DE control; interventions; leptospirosis; scenarios; system dynamic model
ID article; behavior; computer simulation; disease control; human; indonesia;
   leptospira; leptospirosis; nonhuman; predictive value; urinalysis; waste
   management; water contamination; wound care

---

UT 629
AR Orji IJ, 2015, COMPUT IND ENG, V88, P1, DOI 10.1016/j.cie.2015.06.019
TI An innovative integration of fuzzy-logic and systems dynamics in sustainable
   supplier selection: A case on manufacturing industry
AU Orji IJ; Wei S/2
TC 144
SO COMPUT IND ENG
PY 2015
AB Globally, supply chains compete in a complex and rapidly changing
   environment.  Hence, sustainable supplier selection has become a decisive
   variable in the firm's financial success.  This requires reliable tools and
   techniques to select the best sustainable supplier and enhance understanding
   about how supplier behavior evolves with time.  System dynamics (SD) is an
   approach to investigate the dynamic behavior in which the system status
   alterations correspond to the system variable changes.  Fuzzy logic usually
   solves the challenges of imprecise data and ambiguous human judgment.  Thus,
   this work presents a novel modeling approach of integrating information on
   supplier behavior in fuzzy environment with system dynamics simulation
   modeling technique which results in a more reliable and responsible decision
   support system.  Supplier behavior with respect to relevant sustainability
   criteria in the past, current and future time horizons were sourced through
   expert interviews and simulated in Vensim to select the best possible
   sustainable supplier.  Simulation results show that an increase in the rate
   of investment in sustainability by the different suppliers causes an
   exponential increase in total sustainability performance of the suppliers.
   Also, the growth rate of the total performance of suppliers outruns their
   rate of investment in sustainability after about 12 months.  A dynamic
   multi-criteria decision making model was presented to compare results from
   the systems dynamics model.  © 2015 Elsevier Ltd
DE fuzzy logic; supplier selection; sustainability; systems dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; computer circuits; decision making; decision
   support systems; fuzzy logic; reconfigurable hardware; supply chains; system
   theory; integrating information; manufacturing industries; multicriteria
   decision making models; supplier selection; sustainability performance;
   sustainable supplier selections; system dynamics simulation; systems
   dynamics; sustainable development

---

UT 630
AR Xu L/3, 2019, CHIN GEN PR, V22, P1663, DOI
   10.12114/j.issn.1007-9572.2018.00.326
TI Prediction of Hypertension Management Input in Community Based on System
   Dynamics; [基于系统动力学的社区高血压管理投入预测]
AU Xu L/3; Li T; Huang T; Su J/2; Yi C
TC 0
SO CHIN GEN PR
PY 2019
AB Background： After receiving the management objectives issued by the superior
   units,there is no definite answer on the service volume change of
   hypertension management in the community and the number of medical stuffs
   needed.Objective： To forecast the annual service volume and community input
   of hypertension management in by system dynamics method,so as to provide
   suggestions for the improvement of hypertension management system in
   community.Methods： Fenglin Street Community Health Center,Xuhui District of
   Shanghai,was selected as the research subject from September 2017 to March
   2018.Historical data query and questionnaire survey were conducted to
   collect the data about service volume and community input of hypertension
   management from 2007 to 2016.System dynamics software Vensim PLE was used to
   forecast the annual service volume and community input in hypertension
   management.The results showed that the absolute value of the relative error
   was less than 0.05 between forecasting data and actual data concerning the
   newly increased number of people involved in hypertension management and the
   number of people with hypertension under management at the beginning of the
   year.This indicated that the model could basically reflect the operation of
   hypertension management system,and could be used to forecast the volume of
   hypertension management service and community input in Fenglin Street
   Community Health Center.Results： The results showed that the annual increase
   number in hypertension management in Fenglin Street Community Health Center
   was expected to be nearly equal to the loss number from 2018,thus basically
   stabilizing the number of people with hypertension in management at about 17
   000,and the annual community input is expected to reach about 1 million
   yuan.Conclusion： Based on the system dynamics model,hypertension management
   service volume and input prediction in community are scientific,and the
   prediction results reveal the pressure of this system.Therefore,it is
   suggested that the hypertension management system in community should pay
   more attention to the performance of its executors in the near future,and
   make efforts in informationization and training low-cost personnel in the
   long run.  Copyright © 2019 by the Chinese General Practice.
DE community health services; hypertension; input; management; service volume;
   system dynamics

---

UT 631
AR Li C/4, 2010, INT CONF SCI ENG ICISE - PROC, P6178, DOI
   10.1109/ICISE.2010.5689333
TI Study on the co-opetition of eco-industrial chain members by system dynamics
   methods
AU Li C/4; Wang Q/2; Li Y/9
TC 0
SO INT CONF SCI ENG ICISE - PROC
PY 2010
AB The competition and cooperation relationship is the key factor that
   maintains the stable development of Ecological Industry Chain.  This paper
   uses the system dynamics vensim software to simulate the enterprise
   competition and cooperation relationship in the hybrid Ecological Industry
   Chain.  Based on the data collected from Sino-Singapore Eco-park, the waste
   material flow is transferred into power which is then quantified.  The
   mathematic model and dynamic development are combined through the vensim
   software.  The competition and cooperation relationship development of the
   whole ecological industry chain is simulated.  So did the competition and
   cooperation relationship among core enterprises and between the core
   enterprises and supplementary enterprises, which could provide bases for
   decision making.  © 2010 IEEE.
DE eco-industrial chain; system dynamics; the co-opetition
ID decision making; ecology; energy conversion; industry; information science;
   system theory; co-opetition; competition and cooperation; dynamic
   development; enterprise competition; industrial chain; industry chain; key
   factors; mathematic model; singapore; system dynamics; waste materials;
   competition

---

UT 632
AR Malisa R, 2020, IEEE SYST J, V14, P1523, DOI 10.1109/JSYST.2019.2921246
TI Augmenting Water Supplies through Urban Wastewater Recycling (March 2019)
AU Malisa R; Schwella E; Batinge B
TC 6
SO IEEE SYST J
PY 2020
AB Projections indicate a high-risk water stress level (+80%) in the Western
   Cape province of South Africa by 2040. The reassessment of water management
   is paramount in ensuring water security for the generations to come.  Water
   management approach, which recognizes the value of alternative water sources
   such as Urban Wastewater recycling (UWWR) amid shrinking surface water
   supplies is of critical importance.  This management process mimics natural
   systems, placing the focus on stakeholder engagement and meaningful public
   participation.  The objective is to ensure a vibrant economy, social equity,
   and protection of water resources for current and future generations.  This
   paper's main goal is the assessment of the impact of UWWR on water
   availability in the Stellenbosch urban water system.  Vensim PLE 7.2 systems
   dynamic modeling tools constructed the qualitative and quantitative systems
   dynamics models.  The results from the simulation indicated that UWWR in
   Stellenbosch has a significant potential of augmenting water supplies over a
   period of ten years.  Of the three scenarios investigated, the 50% reuse
   scenario projected the best option for augmenting water supplies.  In
   addition, results extrapolated from availability index graphs, depicted a
   water availability index, which is greater than 1 for every UWWR scenario
   investigated, i.e., 10%, 30%, and 50%, a positive result which supports the
   decision for UWWR in Stellenbosch as a water augmentation option.  ©
   2007-2012 IEEE.
DE integrated urban water management; stellenbosch; systems dynamics; urban
   wastewater recycling
ID economic and social effects; surface waters; wastewater reclamation; water
   conservation; water management; water supply; alternative water sources;
   integrated urban water management; protection of water resources;
   stakeholder engagement; stellenbosch; systems dynamics; urban wastewater;
   water management approaches; water recycling

---

UT 633
AR Ramachandran S, 2018, ADV MATER PAVEMENT PERFORM PREDICT - PROC INT AM3P
   CONF, P543, DOI 10.1201/9780429457791-131
TI Pavement maintenance scheduling—a system dynamics approach
AU Ramachandran S; Amirthalingam V
TC 0
SO ADV MATER PAVEMENT PERFORM PREDICT - PROC INT AM3P CONF
PY 2018
AB The pavement maintenance is a critical component of the pavement life cycle.
   The effective pavement maintenance needs the pavement performance under do-
   nothing scenario as well as under various treatment choices.  The
   performance of a pavement is characterized in terms of the various
   distresses viz., functional distress and structural distress.  When a
   pavement is intervened for maintenance, each treatment offer varied levels
   of effectiveness for different distresses.  These are expressed in
   deterioration models and treatment effectiveness models.  As pavement
   behaves as a system, the system dynamics concept can be adopted to study the
   interaction of deterioration progression and treatment effectiveness on
   traffic loading over a period of time.  Integrating the above components
   with the agency cost, a system dynamic model is formulated and implemented
   using system dynamic software POWERSIM. Optimization is performed using
   evolutionary principle in the software.  This study identifies the minimum
   agency cost required for optimal scheduling of pavement maintenance for a
   planning period of 9 years.  © 2018 Taylor & Francis Group, London.
DE deflection; deterioration models; maintenance; pavement; performance;
   roughness; system dynamics
ID life cycle; maintenance; pavements; scheduling; system theory; traffic
   surveys; agency costs; critical component; deflection; deterioration
   modeling; maintenance scheduling; pavement maintenance; pavement
   performance; performance; system dynamics; system dynamics approach;
   deterioration

---

UT 634
AR Stadnicka D/1, 2017, PROCEDIA CIRP, V62, P363, DOI
   10.1016/j.procir.2016.06.038
TI Value Stream and System Dynamics Analysis - An Automotive Case Study
AU Stadnicka D/1; Litwin P
TC 21
SO PROCEDIA CIRP
PY 2017
AB One way to reduce costs in companies is decreasing inventory levels and
   improving the value flow.  In the present case study a production line where
   automotive door seals are manufactured was analyzed.  First, an analysis
   with the use of value stream mapping was undertaken in order to identify
   processes and a material flow.  The current state and future state maps were
   developed.  Then, these maps were used to prepare the model of the
   production system, of which dynamics have been analyzed with the use of
   Vensim software.  As the results, the dynamics of inventory levels along
   with the manufacturing system were obtained.  © 2017 The Authors.  Published
   by Elsevier B.V.
DE inventory levels reduction; system dynamics analysis; value stream analysis;
   value stream mapping
ID mapping; system theory; automotive door; inventory levels; production line;
   production system; system dynamics; value stream analysis; value stream
   mapping; vensim softwares; manufacture

---

UT 635
AR Sarlis AS, 2015, AIP CONF PROC, V1644, P339, DOI 10.1063/1.4907856
TI Twitter's tweet method modelling and simulation
AU Sarlis AS; Sakas DP; Vlachos DS
TC 0
SO AIP CONF PROC
PY 2015
AB This paper seeks to purpose the concept of Twitter marketing methods.  The
   tools that Twitter provides are modelled and simulated using iThink in the
   context of a Twitter media-marketing agency.  The paper has leveraged the
   system's dynamic paradigm to conduct Facebook marketing tools and methods
   modelling, using iThink™ system to implement them.  It uses the design
   science research methodology for the proof of concept of the models and
   modelling processes.  The following models have been developed for a twitter
   marketing agent/company and tested in real circumstances and with real
   numbers.  These models were finalized through a number of revisions and
   iterators of the design, develop, simulate, test and evaluate.  It also
   addresses these methods that suit most organized promotion through
   targeting, to the Twitter social media service.  The validity and usefulness
   of these Twitter marketing methods models for the day-to-day decision making
   are authenticated by the management of the company organization.  It
   implements system dynamics concepts of Twitter marketing methods modelling
   and produce models of various Twitter marketing situations.  The Tweet
   method that Twitter provides can be adjusted, depending on the situation, in
   order to maximize the profit of the company/agent.  © 2015 AIP Publishing
   LLC.

---

UT 636
AR Wu M, 2010, PROC INT CONF E-BUS E-GOV ICEE, P1760, DOI 10.1109/ICEE.2010.445
TI Analysis of scientific and technological development in Sichuan Province
   based on system dynamics
AU Wu M; Liu Z/1
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF E-BUS E-GOV ICEE
PY 2010
AB The authors used the system dynamics methods, applied the Vensim PLE
   software to set up the dynamic structure model of technology development
   system, put up numerical simulation to study the principles of technology
   development system and the operational process, analyzed the power mechanism
   of technology development, so as to provide a reference for the future
   development of technology strategy formulation and effective implementation.
   © 2010 IEEE.
DE sichuan province; system dynamics; technology development; vensim
ID computer simulation; computer software; electronic commerce; government data
   processing; numerical methods; system theory; dynamic structure models;
   numerical simulation; operational process; power mechanisms; sichuan
   province; system dynamics; technological development; technology
   development; technology strategies; vensim; technology

---

UT 637
AR [Anonymous], 2018, PROC INT CONF MANAG TECHNOL ICIMTECH, P560, DOI
   10.1109/ICIMTech.2018.8528173
TI Development Model Availability of Rice in Indonesia Using System Dynamics
   Approach
TC 4
SO PROC INT CONF MANAG TECHNOL ICIMTECH
PY 2018
AB Rice is one of the food crops that cannot be replaced for the people of
   Indonesia.  Rice is a primary food of Indonesia's population.  With the need
   for availability of rice will also be arranged for not until blackspots.
   Indonesia has the level of rice consumption of 125.67 kg / capita / year
   (data Ministry of Agriculture Indonesia, 2015). Rice also has a strategic
   role in the stability of food security.  The purpose of this study was to
   analyze the availability of rice as consumption in the future, we use a
   Vensim equation, then the simulation using historical data to produce
   graphs.  The graph shows a steady population growth then create a simulation
   of the dynamic model for planning the provision of rice and provide policy
   alternatives for decision makers.  © 2018 IEEE.
DE dynamics; food; model; rice; system
ID agriculture; decision making; dynamics; food products; food supply;
   information management; models; decision makers; development model;
   historical data; population growth; rice; strategic role; system; system
   dynamics approach; population statistics

---

UT 638
AR Voinov A, 2019, ENCYCL ECOL VOL 1-4 ED, V2, P58, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-12-409548-9.11143-1
TI Conceptual Diagrams and Flow Diagrams
AU Voinov A
TC 0
SO ENCYCL ECOL VOL 1-4 ED
PY 2019
AB Diagrams are probably the next most widely used type of models after mental
   and verbal models.  Intuitively when presenting a model we tend to start
   drawing diagrams to explain the assumptions and simplifications made.  With
   the advent of new software tools it becomes easier to use the computer to
   design these conceptual diagrams, especially since these software packages
   in many cases can convert the diagrams into computer code and generate
   numerical models for further analysis.  Most of the systems dynamics
   software (such as Stella, Madonna, Powersim, Simile and others) can be
   readily used to put together conceptual models and flow diagrams.  More
   advanced tools are based on the UML (Unified Modeling Language) approach and
   can generate computer code in Java, PHP, C++, Python, and other languages.
   © 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
DE cognitive maps; conceptual model; mental model; qualitative modeling; space;
   structure; time

---

UT 639
AR Jetha A, 2016, J OCCUP REHABIL, V26, P276, DOI 10.1007/s10926-015-9613-2
TI Return-to-Work Within a Complex and Dynamic Organizational Work Disability
   System
AU Jetha A; Pransky G; Fish J; Hettinger LJ
TC 23
SO J OCCUP REHABIL
PY 2016
AB Background Return-to-work (RTW) within a complex organizational system can
   be associated with suboptimal outcomes.  Purpose To apply a sociotechnical
   systems perspective to investigate complexity in RTW; to utilize system
   dynamics modeling (SDM) to examine how feedback relationships between
   individual, psychosocial, and organizational factors make up the work
   disability system and influence RTW. Methods SDMs were developed within two
   companies.  Thirty stakeholders including senior managers, and frontline
   supervisors and workers participated in model building sessions.
   Participants were asked questions that elicited information about the
   structure of the work disability system and were translated into feedback
   loops.  To parameterize the model, participants were asked to estimate the
   shape and magnitude of the relationship between key model components.  Data
   from published literature were also accessed to supplement participant
   estimates.  Data were entered into a model created in the software program
   Vensim.  Simulations were conducted to examine how financial incentives and
   light duty work disability-related policies, utilized by the participating
   companies, influenced RTW likelihood and preparedness.  Results The SDMs
   were multidimensional, including individual attitudinal characteristics,
   health factors, and organizational components.  Among the causal pathways
   uncovered, psychosocial components including workplace social support,
   supervisor and co-worker pressure, and supervisor-frontline worker
   communication impacted RTW likelihood and preparedness.  Interestingly, SDM
   simulations showed that work disability-related policies in both companies
   resulted in a diminishing or opposing impact on RTW preparedness and
   likelihood.  Conclusion SDM provides a novel systems view of RTW. Policy and
   psychosocial component relationships within the system have important
   implications for RTW, and may contribute to unanticipated outcomes.  © 2015,
   The Author(s).
DE complexity; return to work; sociotechnical systems; system dynamics
   modeling; work disability management
ID disabled persons; humans; models organizational; models psychological;
   return to work; workplace; disabled person; human; nonbiological model;
   organization and management; psychological model; psychology;
   rehabilitation; return to work; workplace

---

UT 640
AR Boyko AA, 2019, J PHYS CONF SER, V1333, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1333/7/072003
TI Simulation-dynamic model for calculating the equipment leasing
AU Boyko AA; Kukartsev VV/1; Tynchenko VS; Korneeva AA; Kukartsev VA; Mikhalev
   AS
TC 5
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2019
AB The article presents a simulation-dynamic model for calculating leasing
   payments for leased equipment.  The model was developed based on the system
   dynamics method using Powersim Studio tools.  In the model, the calculations
   were carried out for financial leasing, regressive payment schedule and the
   method of minimum deductions.  The model was used as a tool to study options
   for leasing payments with linear and non-linear deprecation methods, with a
   multiplying factor-accelerated depreciation.  As a result of experiments
   with options, various amounts of leasing payments (depreciation, loan
   payments, commission fees, total leasing payments, etc.) were received.  The
   conducted study allows us to conclude that the constructed simulated dynamic
   model is quite universal and on its basis, it is possible to carry out a
   variety of studies concerning various aspects of equipment leasing.  ©
   Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID depreciation; nonlinear; system dynamics; dynamic models

---

UT 641
AR Wang Y/11, 2019, J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY, V11, DOI 10.1063/1.5085829
TI The effect of electric-power substitution policy on the energy
   transformation in China: A system-dynamics approach
AU Wang Y/11; Zhang Y/8; Yang J/4; Zhang F; Wang S/1; Ma Y/3
TC 4
SO J RENEW SUSTAIN ENERGY
PY 2019
AB Accurate forecasting of regional energy supply and demand is of great
   significance for exploring alternative energies and promoting a strategic
   energy transformation.  To support this transformation in China, we predict
   the Chinese energy demand and explore connections between energy
   substitution and energy structure transformation.  To study how the
   electric-power substitution (EPS) policy affects energy demand in China, we
   construct a dynamic management model based on the approach of system
   dynamics and implement it by using Vensim software.  This model is used to
   simulate and assess how, under different scenarios, the EPS policy affects
   energy demand and CO2 emissions in China for the period 2015-2035. The
   simulation shows the indispensable role of the EPS policy in promoting the
   transformation of China's energy structure.  © 2019 Author(s).
ID economics; energy management; alternative energy; dynamic management; energy
   structures; energy supplies; energy transformation; system dynamics; system
   dynamics approach; vensim softwares; system theory

---

UT 642
AR Yang F/1, 2013, APPL MECH MATER, V340, P312, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.340.312
TI Analysis and verification of bullwhip effect based on system dynamics
AU Yang F/1; Zhang B; Su Z
TC 0
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2013
AB To study the bullwhip effect (BWE) in supply chain (SC), this paper built
   two system dynamics (SD) models strictly referring to the AR(1)
   (autoregressive process) model constructed by Frank Chen.  Using Vensim
   simulation software, it analyzed the impact of the correlation coefficient
   of demand, lead time, smoothing time of demand and information to BWE, and
   then put forward some proposals on how to reduce BWE. By contrasting the
   simulation results of SD models with the AR(1) models', it verifies the
   validity of the AR(1) model of Frank Chen from a simulation perspective.  It
   also shows SD model combined with AR(1) model can analyze BWE in SC reliably
   and powerfully.  © (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.
DE bullwhip effect; simulation; supply chain; system dynamics
ID computer software; manufacture; supply chains; system theory; analysis and
   verifications; auto regressive process; bullwhip effects; correlation
   coefficient; sd models; simulation; simulation software; system dynamics;
   computer simulation

---

UT 643
AR Li X/15, 2013, NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V29, P247, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1002-6819.2013.16.031
TI Multi-objective optimization of land use structure in western Jilin province
   based on system dynamics
AU Li X/15; Xu L/2; Jiang E
TC 14
SO NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2013
AB Optimizing land use structure is the foundation and core of the overall plan
   for land use.  At present, domestic scholars have mostly used system
   dynamics (SD) model, multiobjective programming (MOP) model to optimize land
   use structure, In order to overcome the limitations of single model, achieve
   the compensation of mutual advantages, and to raise the accuracy,
   reliability, feasibility and operability of date of prediction scheme, this
   article combines the SD model with the MOP model and constructs SD-MOP
   integrated model.  First, combining the research purpose, it defines the
   system boundary and establishes the level and rate variable system, divides
   the system into 3 subsystems: population system, economic system and land
   use structure system, and utilizes Vensim software platform to establish the
   causality graph of land use structure system and constructs the SD model of
   land use structure system, then makes initial simulation of land use
   structure according to historical data.  Second, it utilizes sensitivity
   model to identify the sensitive factors of land use structure.  And takes
   the sensitive factors as the decision variables, while relying on the SD
   model to establish objective functions of economic benefit and ecological
   benefit, forming constraint conditions of objective functions to construct
   MOP model, and solves it.  Finally, puts the solution into SD model to
   optimize land use structure.  In the case of western Jilin in this article,
   we utilized 2 periods TM remote sensing images of the year 2000 and 2010 and
   combined with the field investigation, we interpreted the remote sensing
   images accurately, the accuracy of interpretation was approximately 90%-95%.
   Take the interpretation as the source of land use structure data and the
   Statistical Yearbook of the Socio-economic as the source of economic data,
   we then simulated and optimized the land use structure of western Jilin
   using the model of SD-MOP based on the objectives of economy and ecology.
   The result shows that: if we utilize the SD model, by 2020 the growth rate
   of economic benefits will reach 12.35% compare to the 10.33% of 2015, the
   economic benefits will increase remarkably, but the growth rate of
   ecological benefits will go down to 0.61% compare to the 3.43% of 2015, yet
   the eco-efficiency will not improve.  Although it would promote the economic
   development of western Jilin, it would also lead to the deterioration of the
   ecological environment and influence land ecological balance, it would make
   the utilization of land resources unsustainable and finally influence the
   development of regional economy.  So the SD scheme is unfeasible.  If we
   utilize SD-MOP model to optimize the land use structure of western Jilin
   province, with an increase of 7.43% in economic benefit and 3.09% in
   ecological benefit, cultivated land and construction land will be increased
   by 2705.74 km2 and 349.89 km2 respectively, but woodland, grassland, water
   area, unutilized land will be decreased by 12.75 km2, 11.51 km2, 270.43 km2
   and 2772.56 km2 respectively.  Compared with Single objective model of SD,
   the increase amplitude of the cultivated land will be decreased by 31.55%
   and 14.97% respectively, and the woodland, grassland, waters and unutilized
   land will be decreased by 42.70%, 20.99%, 42.68%, 29.34% respectively.  It
   will not only develop the economy and protect the ecological environment,
   but also will improve the land use efficiency and realize the sustainable
   utilization of land resources.  The conclusions are: SD-MOP scheme is better
   than SD scheme of a single objective.  The SD-MOP integrated model is worth
   popularizing since it would optimize land use structure scientifically and
   systematically and the optimized results is objective and reasonable.
DE ecology; economics; land use; optimization; sd-mop model ( system dynamics-
   multi-objective programming ); the west of jilin province
ID computer programming; computer simulation; ecology; image reconstruction;
   land use; multiobjective optimization; natural resources; optimization;
   regional planning; system theory; constraint conditions; ecological
   environments; jilin province; multiobjective programming; remote sensing
   images; sd-mop model ( system dynamics-multi-objective programming ); single
   objective models; sustainable utilization; economics

---

UT 644
AR Ciplak N, 2012, WASTE MANAG RES, V30, P576, DOI 10.1177/0734242X12443405
TI A system dynamics approach for healthcare waste management: A case study in
   Istanbul Metropolitan City, Turkey
AU Ciplak N; Barton JR
TC 49
SO WASTE MANAG RES
PY 2012
AB Healthcare waste consists of various types of waste materials generated at
   hospitals, medical research centres, clinics and laboratories.  Although
   75-90% of this waste is classified as 'domestic' in nature, 20-25% is deemed
   to be hazardous, which if not disposed of appropriately, poses a risk to
   healthcare workers, patients, the environment and even the whole community.
   As long as healthcare waste is mixed with municipal waste and not segregated
   prior to disposal, costs will increase substantially.  In this study,
   healthcare waste increases along with the potential to decrease the amounts
   by implementing effective segregation at healthcare facilities are projected
   to 2040. Our long-term aim is to develop a system to support selection and
   planning of the future treatment capacity.  Istanbul in Turkey was used as
   the case study area.  In order to identify the factors affecting healthcare
   waste generation in Istanbul, observations were made and interviews
   conducted in Istanbul over a 3 month period.  A system dynamics approach was
   adopted to build a healthcare waste management model using a software
   package, Vensim Ple Plus.  Based on reported analysis, the non-hazardous
   municipal fraction co-disposed with healthcare waste is around 65%. Using
   the projected waste generation flows, reducing a municipal fraction to 30%
   has the potential to avoid some 8000 t year -1 of healthcare waste by 2025
   and almost 10 000 t year -1 by 2035. Furthermore, if segregation practices
   ensured healthcare waste requiring incineration was also selectively
   managed, 77% of healthcare waste could be diverted to alternative treatment
   technologies.  As the throughput capacity of the only existing healthcare
   waste treatment facility in Istanbul, Kemerburgaz Incinerator, has already
   been exceeded, it is evident that improved management could not only reduce
   overall flows and costs but also permit alternative and cheaper treatment
   systems (e.g.  autoclaving) to be adopted for the healthcare waste.  © The
   Author(s) 2012.
DE health care waste; municipal waste; segregation; system dynamics modeling;
   treatment capacity
ID health facility administration; medical waste disposal; models
   organizational; planning techniques; turkey; istanbul [ turkey ]; turkey;
   health care; incineration; research; segregation ( metallography ); system
   theory; waste treatment; health care facility; health care waste management;
   health care wastes; health care workers; istanbul; medical research;
   metropolitan cities; municipal waste; study areas; system dynamics; system
   dynamics approach; throughput capacities; treatment capacity; treatment
   systems; treatment technologies; waste generation; domestic waste; hazardous
   waste; health risk; health worker; hospital sector; incineration;
   metropolitan area; municipal solid waste; software; waste treatment;
   article; city; computer program; cost control; health care facility;
   hospital waste; model; planning; priority journal; system dynamics modeling;
   turkey ( republic ); waste management; waste segregation; waste treatment
   capacity; waste incineration

---

UT 645
AR Ming YG, 2018, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P20, DOI 10.1145/3277139.3277175
TI Research on the relationship between enterprise data mining capability and
   alliance performance based on system dynamics
AU Ming YG; Jun SY; Hang Y; Hao Z/1
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2018
AB Data mining is one of the important tools for intelligent information
   processing and decision-making in the information age.  Based on the
   principles and methods of system dynamics, the study establishes a causal
   relationship model between enterprise data mining capabilities and strategic
   alliance performance, and uses Vensim software to verify the simulation.
   Research shows that data mining capability has a positive impact on
   strategic alliance performance, and the impact of technical alliance's
   technical support on technical performance is gradient-related.  This study
   provides a reference for enterprises to use data mining technology to
   improve the performance of strategic alliances.  Copyright © 2018 is held by
   the owner/author(s).
DE alliance performance; corporate performance; data mining capability; system
   dynamics ( sd )
ID computer software; decision making; information management; system theory;
   technology transfer; alliance performance; causal relationship models;
   corporate performance; data mining technology; intelligent information
   processing; strategic alliance; system dynamics; technical performance; data
   mining

---

UT 646
AR Chen J/2, 2018, PAP ASIA, V1, P156
TI Discussion on the dynamic model of paper mills economic system based on
   complex system
AU Chen J/2; Huang G
TC 0
SO PAP ASIA
PY 2018
AB To improve the quality and structure of economic growth, system dynamics is
   used for the complex problems research.  Based on the analysis of the
   industrial economic growth momentum, the influence of changes of each
   subsystem to the added value of industrial economic growth is investigated.
   Also, the interaction between various factors is closed studied.  Finally,
   the empirical industry study chooses industry to look into the economic
   system dynamics model research.  The Vensim system is employed to simulate
   the growth of industrial economy from 2005 to 2015. Through the smart
   control some parameters, the optimum selection of industrial economy and the
   relevant policy recommendations are made.  Finally come to the conclusion
   that industrial economic growth plays an important role in the stable
   development of the national economy and it greatly influences environment
   pollution.  © 2018, SHPMedia Sdn Bhd.  All rights reserved.
DE complex system; industrial economy; system dynamics
ID control systems; development; dynamics; economic analysis; growth; quality;
   research; economic analysis; large scale systems; system theory; complex
   problems; economic growths; environment pollution; industrial economy;
   national economy; optimum selection; policy recommendations; system
   dynamics; industrial economics

---

UT 647
AR Elmasry SS, 2014, PROCEDIA CIRP, V17, P410, DOI 10.1016/j.procir.2014.01.116
TI Investigating best capacity scaling policies for different reconfigurable
   manufacturing system scenarios
AU Elmasry SS; Youssef AMA; Shalaby MA
TC 5
SO PROCEDIA CIRP
PY 2014
AB This research presents a System Dynamics approach to model and analyze a
   single stage Reconfigurable manufacturing system (RMS). The model is a
   continuous time model.  The system is exposed to a random demand that is
   assumed to follow a normal distribution pattern.  Scaling capacity up or
   down is assumed unrestricted, and no outsourcing is allowed.  New
   modifications to the existing state of the art capacity scaling model are
   applied in order to bring it closer to reality.  A cost model for evaluating
   different scaling policies is introduced and a module for considering
   seasonal demand is added.  The full-fledged simulation model was developed
   and tested using Vensim DSS Double Precision 5.2a package.  Comprehensive
   experimentation and analysis are applied to evaluate the performance of five
   capacity scaling policies under different system scenarios.  The unit cost
   is the performance measure considered for policies assessment.
   Experimentations are applied on three stages; preliminary experimentation to
   select the effective factors among all factors, Taguchi fractional factorial
   design to select significant factors among the effective factors, and 24
   full factorial design to conduct multiple system scenarios that are used in
   the policy assessment process.  Policy selection rules are produced based on
   the full factorial design results to help a practitioner in deciding the
   best scaling policy according to the existing system scenario.  The results
   show that chasing demand policy and inventory-based policy have the best
   performance in most system scenarios.  © 2014 Elsevier B.V. This is an open
   access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license.
DE capacity scaling policy; manufacturing system; system dynamics
ID computer aided manufacturing; continuous time systems; industrial research;
   normal distribution; system theory; capacity scaling; continuous time
   modeling; distribution patterns; fractional factorial designs; full
   factorial design; reconfigurable manufacturing system; system dynamics;
   system dynamics approach; capacity scaling policy; performance; policy
   assessment; scalings; system scenarios; manufacture; smart manufacturing

---

UT 648
AR Kim GJ, 2019, PROC IAHR WORLD CONGR, P4345, DOI 10.3850/38WC092019-1599
TI APPLICATION OF SHARED VISION PLANNING FOR DROUGHT MITIGATION CLIMATE CHANGE
   ADAPTATION COUNCIL IN KOREA
AU Kim GJ; Yoon HN; Seo SB; Kim Y-O
TC 4
SO PROC IAHR WORLD CONGR
PY 2019
AB Damage due to multi-year droughts mainly caused by climate change are
   increasing worldwide, and Korea was also affected by the drought that took
   place from 2015 to 2017. Also, traditional unilateral decision making
   processes to alleviate the damage from droughts have resulted in conflicts
   between many involved groups, the need for active participation from both
   stakeholders and policymakers has become more important than before.  In
   this research, ‘Shared Vision Planning,’ a collaborative approach that
   involves participation from various groups of stakeholders, was applied in a
   research area by organizing a Water Policy Council.  Moreover, a ‘Shared
   Vision Model’ was developed with the stakeholders by using STELLA Architect
   software and by applying the concept of System Dynamics.  Multiple
   simulations that include various future climate change scenarios were
   selected to measure the risk from potential droughts.  As a result, the
   source of water supply, proved to be more vulnerable than the districts in
   all three aspects of performance indices, reliability, resiliency, and
   vulnerability.  Moreover, although total water deficit in the districts was
   not very significant, discordance between the districts where the
   alternatives to prevent water shortage is being developed and where water
   deficit is projected to happen should be managed.  In the future, the model
   will be further modified according to the stakeholders’ needs, with possible
   seminars to educate the stakeholders for easier use of the developed model.
   © 2019, IAHR.
DE multi-year drought; shared vision planning; stakeholder participation model;
   system dynamics

---

UT 649
AR Tan YY, 2010, PROCEDIA ENV SCI, V2, P399, DOI 10.1016/j.proenv.2010.10.044
TI An early warning system of water shortage in basins based on SD model
AU Tan YY; Wang X
TC 8
SO PROCEDIA ENV SCI
PY 2010
AB The water resource system, related to society, economy and environment, is a
   compound feedback system.  Supply and demand of the water resources in
   basins interacts with the development of social economy as well as the
   aquatic ecosystem.  Therefore once suffering crisis of water shortage, not
   only the socioeconomic system will be confronted with large financial loss,
   but also the original aquatic ecological equilibrium in basins will be
   broken.  This paper constructed an early warning system of water shortage by
   using Stella software based on the system dynamics (SD) model, which has
   been believed to delineate clearly the coupling correlation between the
   water resource and the social economic system and aquatic ecosystem.  The
   ecological flow was considered as an indispensable element in the water
   demand.  So the calculation model of ecological flow was involved in the SD
   model, which distinguished it from traditional model of water resources
   supply and demand.  Moreover, the supply and demand ratio was chosen to
   predict the variation of supply and demand of the socioeconomic water as
   well as ecological flow by means of simulation under a given scenario of
   water shortage.  © 2010 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
DE early warning; ecological flow; stella; system dynamic; water shortage
ID economic and social effects; economics; ecosystems; information science;
   losses; stream flow; water supply; early warning; ecological flow; stella;
   system dynamic; water shortage; water resources

---

UT 650
AR Das R, 2018, INT J BUS SYST, V28, P178, DOI 10.1504/IJBIS.2018.091863
TI System dynamics-based approach to manpower planning: A study of Indian
   microfinance institutions
AU Das R; Bhar C
TC 4
SO INT J BUS SYST
PY 2018
AB The purpose of this paper is to analyse the manpower planning process of
   Indian microfinance institutions (MFIs). The paper describes a model that
   can assist management of MFIs to deal with the challenges microfinance
   organisations face in case of manpower planning.  In this study, a system
   dynamics-based model has been developed for manpower planning and the model
   estimates the requirement of staff members and executives at different
   levels under various scenarios that will help the organisation in designing
   effective strategy to successfully manage their human resource
   strategically.  The research methodology is in accordance with the
   principles of system dynamics.  The model has been developed using iThink
   software and has been validated by computing root mean square error between
   the actual values of the variables and the model generated values.  The
   study will help the microfinance organisations to plan, manage and
   strategically focus on manpower planning in its desired direction.
   Copyright © 2018 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
DE executives; manpower planning; microfinance institutions; simulation;
   staffs; system dynamics

---

UT 651
AR Nicho M, 2019, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P29, DOI 10.1145/3380678.3380682
TI Applying system dynamics to model advanced persistent threats
AU Nicho M; Fakhry H
TC 3
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2019
AB System dynamics (SD) concept has been successfully applied to analyze issues
   that are non-linear, complex, and dynamic in disciplines namely social
   sciences and technology.  However, its application to cyber security issues
   especially threats that involves multiple variables interacting with the
   technical as well as the organizational domain is lacking.  In this respect,
   Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) is regarded as a highly targeted and
   sophisticated attack using zero-day malware, stealth, and multiple advanced
   techniques to gain entry and maintain its presence inside organizational
   network unnoticed.  Being a threat that exploits technical as well as
   organizational vulnerabilities, preventing it at the security perimeter and,
   detecting it once it enters the system is a challenge till date.  To
   demonstrate the application of SD in identifying and analyzing the effect of
   each of the variables, we took the Equinox data breach as a case study.  The
   variables leading to the breach were identified, entered into Vensim
   software and simulated to get the results.  Through this exercise, we could
   identify seven key independent management variables for the technical
   security and three key independent variables for records breach.  This
   research being the foremost study to apply SD to APT, we presume that by
   modelling APT attacks using SD through a case study this paper, thus
   provides insights into the dynamics of the threat.  Furthermore, it suggests
   'what if' strategies to minimize APT risks thereby reduce the extent of
   damages should an APT attack occur.  © 2019 Association for Computing
   Machinery.
DE advanced persistent threats; cyber-threats; data breach; systems dynamic
ID cloud computing; social sciences computing; system theory; advanced
   persistent threats; cyber-threats; data breach; independent variables;
   organizational network; systems dynamics; technical security; vensim
   softwares; malware

---

UT 652
AR Xie Z/1, 2012, J NAT DISASTERS, V21, P155
TI Analysis and simulation of evolution mechanism of urban seismic secondary
   disasters
AU Xie Z/1; Ma Z
TC 5
SO J NAT DISASTERS
PY 2012
AB In this study, the mechanism of the urban seismic secondary disasters was
   analyzed, and based on this, the causal loop diagram and stock and flow map
   were drawn, and a system dynamics model of the evolution process of the
   urban seismic secondary disasters was developed, validated and simulated
   using the Vensim PLE software.  As a result, corresponding loss scenarios
   caused by seismic secondary disasters in cities with different anti-
   earthquake capability were obtained to give a reference to strengthening the
   anti-earthquake work in cities.
DE city; earthquake; seismic secondary disaster; system dynamics
ID disaster management; earthquake; seismicity; urban area

---

UT 653
AR Li C-B/1, 2012, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V32, P2731
TI System dynamics model of construction project risk element transmission
AU Li C-B/1; Lu G-S
TC 15
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2012
AB Based on the generic project risk element transmission theory and system
   dynamics, a system dynamics model of construction project risk element
   transmission was developed.  It considered the factors leading to the
   quantity increase of construction projects as risk element, it analyzed the
   transfer process of construction project risk element, and then it
   constructed a corresponding causal feedback loop.  By assigning values to
   model variables and establishing functions between them, the model was
   simulated through software iThink.  The results indicate that risk element
   exerts different degrees of influence on project cost, time and quality, and
   that the more risk element occurs, the faster will the impact accelerate
   through the internal structure of project.  In addition, it can be concluded
   that the model results chart, which reflects the dynamic changes of
   individual construction project factor with time, can provide sound evidence
   for risk management and project management.
DE construction project; risk element; system dynamic; transmission
ID project management; risk management; system theory; transmissions;
   construction project risk; construction projects; dynamic changes; feedback
   loop; internal structure; model results; model variables; project cost;
   project risk; risk elements; system dynamics; system dynamics model;
   transfer process; computer simulation

---

UT 654
AR Mortazavi S, 2020, PR PERIOD STRUCT DES CONSTR, V25, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)SC.1943-5576.0000493
TI Risk Evaluation and Prioritization in Bridge Construction Projects Using
   System Dynamics Approach
AU Mortazavi S; Kheyroddin A; Naderpour H
TC 30
SO PR PERIOD STRUCT DES CONSTR
PY 2020
AB Bridges are the indispensable arterial transport of a country.  Iran, as a
   vast country, needs to develop a variety of road transportation inside and
   outside cities.  Accelerating construction procedures and controlling costs
   are project management requirements.  Risks, in many cases, disrupt the
   progress of the projects and impose costs on the project.  The present
   article began with field studies, distribution of questionnaires, and the
   use of SPSS17 software to detect and prioritize the risk of bridge
   construction projects.  Then, dynamic hypotheses were issued for prioritized
   risks, and causal loops were drawn.  Subsequently, another questionnaire was
   designed to explore the relationship between risks and analyze risk
   behavior.  After obtaining results from field research, the system dynamics
   and VENSIM7 software were used to model and investigate the behavior and
   interaction of risks.  Finally, ten diagrams showing the effect of risks on
   each other were exemplified to examine and analyze the designed model.  ©
   2020 American Society of Civil Engineers.
DE dynamic hypothesis; risk; risk assessment; system dynamics
ID bridges; risks; surveys; system theory; bridge constructions; construction
   procedures; controlling costs; designed models; risk evaluation; road
   transportation; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; project
   management

---

UT 655
AR Woo TH, 2015, ANN NUCL ENERGY, V81, P91, DOI 10.1016/j.anucene.2015.03.016
TI Social networking-based simulations for nuclear security: Strategy
   assessment following nuclear cyber terror on South Korean nuclear power
   plants (NPPs)
AU Woo TH; Kwak SM
TC 6
SO ANN NUCL ENERGY
PY 2015
AB Nuclear energy has been studied for the secure power productions, which is
   based on the simulation study following the incident of nuclear cyber terror
   attack on South Korean nuclear power plants (NPPs). The social networking is
   used for the terror incident modeling and its prevention strategies.  The
   nuclear industry could be investigated in the aspect of minimizing the
   dangerous situations caused by possible terror attacks which are considered
   by the society oriented connectivity among the related people or groups.
   The social networking circle by system dynamics diagram (SNCSD) is
   constructed, where the configuration of a model social networking example by
   system dynamics (SD) is applied.  From A to H regions, the values are
   obtained by the random numbers incorporated with the designed algorithms.
   The results show the comparative values of terror possibilities which are
   based on the proposed social networking algorithm.  It is possible to
   prepare for potential terrorism in the nuclear industry.  © 2015 Elsevier
   Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE cyber terror; social networking circle by system dynamics diagram ( sncsd );
   social networking service ( sns ); system dynamics ( sd ); vensim
ID mobile security; nuclear energy; nuclear industry; nuclear power plants;
   system theory; terrorism; cyber terror; dangerous situations; nuclear
   security; prevention strategies; simulation studies; social networking
   services; system dynamics; vensim; social networking ( online )

---

UT 656
AR Lefaan Y, 2019, PROC INT CONF ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI ICECOS, P291, DOI
   10.1109/ICECOS.2018.8605233
TI Electricity Demand Forecasting of Household Sector in Papua Province 2050
AU Lefaan Y; Dalimi R
TC 4
SO PROC INT CONF ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI ICECOS
PY 2019
AB Household sector electricity demand plays an important role in electricity
   demand forecasts in the short, medium, and long-term.  This is due to the
   increase in electricity demand from year to year in line with the increasing
   of the population, the electrification ratio (ER) and the people's welfare.
   This study is intended to simulate household electricity demand and the
   average electricity needs per household in 2016-2050 in some areas of Papua
   Province.  Biak-Numfor Regency, Jayapura Municipality, Jayawijaya Regency,
   and Merauke Regency selected in this study to represent each of these areas.
   The method used is an exponential regression between human development index
   (HDI) and average electricity consumption per household using system
   dynamics model based on historical data 2007-2015. A Powersim studio tool
   used to simulate the household sector electricity demand model.  At the
   beginning of the simulation year obtained HDI were 71.47; 78.93; 55.03 and
   68.41 respectively in Biak-Numfor Regency, Jayapura Municipality, Jayawijaya
   Regency, and Merauke Regency.  At the end of the simulation, year obtained
   HDI were 83.65; 87.80; 75.88 and 83.56. Electricity demand of the household
   sector at the beginning of the simulation year was 55.128 GWh, 191.610 GWh,
   34.038 GWh, 94.679 GWh.  At the end of the simulation, the year was 126,473
   GWh, 515,517 GWh, 128,468 GWh, 319,140 GWh.  The average electricity needs
   per household at the beginning of the simulation year was 1,649; 2,810;
   2,353; 2,039 in kWh/household.  At the end of the simulation was 2,250;
   5,466; 2,037; 4,047 in kWh/household.  © 2018 IEEE.
DE electricity needs per household; electricity of the household sector; hdi
ID computer science; computers; electrical engineering; mathematical
   techniques; electricity demand forecasting; electricity demand models;
   electricity demands; electricity-consumption; exponential regression;
   household sectors; human development index; system dynamics model; electric
   power utilization

---

UT 657
AR Ramachandra C, 2018, ADV CIV ENG MATER, V7, DOI 10.1520/ACEM20170057
TI Application of system dynamics to integrate pavement preservation in
   flexible pavement design process
AU Ramachandra C; Ramachandran S; Veeraragavan A
TC 3
SO ADV CIV ENG MATER
PY 2018
AB The performance of a pavement depends on factors like the characteristics of
   the materials in different pavement layers, traffic, climates, environments,
   construction quality, etc.  Though a pavement is designed for 15 years,
   conventionally, the pavement reaches the threshold level of performance
   before the design life, warranting minor and major rehabilitation treatments
   because of factors beyond the control of the designer.  However, the
   maintenance and rehabilitation treatments during the design life of a
   pavement are not considered in the design process.  The performance of a
   pavement is defined in terms of the various distresses, i.e., cracking,
   rutting, roughness, potholes, etc.  The performance of the pavement also
   depends on the strength properties of different pavement layers and their
   thicknesses, quality of construction, traffic, climate, etc.  The level of
   influence of these parameters on each of the distresses is different.  In
   this study, the Mechanistic Empirical Pavement Design Guideline design tool
   AASHTOWare is used to simulate the data for cracking (percentage of bottom
   up fatigue cracking), rutting (total rutting), and roughness in terms of the
   International Roughness Index.  A sensitivity analysis is carried out to
   study the influence of the design parameters on the distresses.  From the
   results of AASHTOWare simulations, a relationship is established between
   design input parameters and distress growth using multiple linear
   regression.  While this model gives the estimate of distress over time with
   respect to the design parameters, the year at which the first preservation
   activity has to be carried out is to be determined.  Considering the
   pavement as a system, the system dynamics concept could be well suited to
   study the influence of various factors on the performance of the pavement.
   A system dynamic model is formulated and implemented using system dynamic
   software POWERSIM. This study identifies the optimal intervention year for
   the pavement preservation strategies that depend on traffic level, design
   layer thicknesses, and modulus (strength) of the pavement layers.  © 2018 by
   ASTM International.
DE aashtoware; design; deterioration models; performance; sensitivity analysis;
   system dynamics
ID cracks; linear regression; pavement overlays; quality control; sensitivity
   analysis; system theory; aashtoware; deterioration models; international
   roughness index; maintenance and rehabilitations; mechanistic-empirical
   pavement design; multiple linear regressions; performance; system dynamics;
   design

---

UT 658
AR Wang Z/2, 2019, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V252, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/252/4/042123
TI Research on Environmental Feedback Mechanism Based on System Dynamics
AU Wang Z/2
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2019
AB Cultural science and technology integration and innovation has become a new
   way to promote the coordinated development of culture and science and
   technology.  Based on the theory of fusion innovation and collaborative
   innovation, this paper applies the basic principles of system dynamics to
   construct the causality model of the interaction between cultural system and
   technology system, and uses Vensim PLE software to simulate the system and
   analyze the path of cultural technology fusion innovation and its
   influencing factors.  The research results show that: culture and technology
   integration innovation system is composed of complex feedback mechanisms
   that interact with each other.  Each feedback loop represents the
   realization path of cultural science and technology fusion innovation.  In
   the implementation path, cooperation between industry, universities and
   research institutes, market demand forecasting accuracy, innovation there is
   a significant positive impact between the perfection of incentive mechanism,
   the perfection of cultural intermediary service system and the integration
   of cultural science and technology innovation.  © Published under licence by
   IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID environmental technology; feedback control; system theory; collaborative
   innovation; feedback mechanisms; incentive mechanism; intermediary services;
   market demand forecasting; research institutes; science and technology;
   technology integration; engineering research

---

UT 659
AR Bouissou M, 2012, INT PROBABILISTIC SAF ASSESS MANAG CONF ANNU EUR SAF
   RELIAB CONF PSAM ESREL, V1, P816
TI Critical comparison of two user friendly tools to study piecewise
   deterministic markov processes (PDMP)
AU Bouissou M; Jankovic M
TC 2
SO INT PROBABILISTIC SAF ASSESS MANAG CONF ANNU EUR SAF RELIAB CONF PSAM ESREL
PY 2012
AB PDMP are a theoretical framework set up by Davis twenty years ago.  Using
   PDMP, it is possible to define rigorously the so-called "dynamic
   reliability" problems, i.e.  descriptions of systems mixing deterministic
   evolutions of some continuous state variables and random jumps of some other
   discrete state variables.  What makes the study of such systems difficult is
   the two ways dependences that may exist between continuous and discrete
   variables.  A "historical" example of such a system is the "heated tank
   system" used by T. Aldemir to illustrate the "cell to cell mapping" method
   in 1991. As it can be seen in the literature, all computations on this test
   case have been done using "ad hoc" programs requiring a long development and
   validation process.  This can be explained by the fact that, hybrid systems
   being "in between" the worlds of continuous deterministic models and
   discrete random models, none of the user friendly tools developed in one of
   these domains is readily usable for PDMP. The purpose of this article is to
   compare two existing, user friendly tools in terms of modeling power,
   solving performance (cpu time) and other criteria, via the resolution of a
   very simple dynamic reliability test case: one of the tools is based on KB3,
   a tool initially designed for "classical" dependability analyses, and the
   other one is based on Vensim, a tool well known in the community of
   engineers and researchers using "System Dynamics", i.e.  deterministic
   models based on differential equations.  Copyright © (2012) by IAPSAM &
   ESRA.
DE kb3; pdmp; system dynamics; vensim
ID differential equations; hybrid systems; markov processes; safety
   engineering; system theory; cell-to-cell mapping; continuous state; cpu
   time; dependability analysis; deterministic models; discrete variables;
   dynamic reliability; kb3; modeling power; other discrete; pdmp; piecewise
   deterministic markov process; random model; system dynamics; tank system;
   test case; theoretical framework; user-friendly tool; validation process;
   vensim; reliability

---

UT 660
AR Li H/2, 2014, INT CONF MANAG SCI ENG - ANNU CONF PROC, P621, DOI
   10.1109/ICMSE.2014.6930287
TI Evaluation and optimization on logistics capability of the postal
   agricultural logistics system
AU Li H/2; Zhang B/1; Yang N
TC 2
SO INT CONF MANAG SCI ENG - ANNU CONF PROC
PY 2014
AB The competitiveness of an enterprise has a close relation to its logistics
   capability which makes the enterprise have the advantage in the market.  In
   this study, the logistics capability of the Inner Mongolia postal
   agricultural logistics was evaluated and optimized as a case.  The
   evaluation index system of the logistics capability was established by a
   combination of the key performance indicator (KPI) method and the
   performance prism method.  The logistics capability was evaluated by the
   triangle fuzzy comprehensive evaluation method.  According to the results of
   the evaluation, the casual loop diagram of the Inner Mongolia postal
   agricultural logistics was established using the Vensim tool of the system
   dynamics.  The relation between the indexes was clarified and the bottle-
   neck that influenced the logistics capability was illustrated by the
   cause/result tree.  The indexes of the logistics capability were improved
   and the logistics capability was enhanced by the simulation and optimization
   using the Witness software.  The results show that the index system,
   evaluation model and method are reliable and valid.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE logistics capability; simulation and optimization; system dynamics
ID agricultural robots; benchmarking; bottles; competition; computer software;
   system theory; evaluation index system; evaluation modeling; fuzzy
   comprehensive evaluation method; key performance indicators; logistics
   capabilities; logistics system; simulation and optimization; system
   dynamics; agriculture

---

UT 661
AR Sharma M, 2019, INT SYMP ADV ELECTR COMMUN TECHNOL ISAECT, DOI
   10.1109/ISAECT47714.2019.9069717
TI Sustainable Tourism Using Decision Support System Based on System Dynamics:
   A Case Study from Amsterdam
AU Sharma M; Sehrawat R
TC 4
SO INT SYMP ADV ELECTR COMMUN TECHNOL ISAECT
PY 2019
AB Amsterdam is the capital of the Netherlands and known for its rich artistic
   heritage, which includes canals, museums, beautiful ecosystem.  The canals
   are the backbone of this beautiful city.  They serve various functions such
   as defense, water management, and transport.  With Amsterdam's extensive
   recreational resources and convenient accessibility, it attracts many
   tourists throughout the year.  Although increased tourism has led to
   significant economic benefits, it has also caused pollution and unbalanced
   development, which have severely degraded the environment and canal
   ecosystem.  With the help of the System Dynamics (SD) approach, we develop
   an effective Decision Support System (DSS) to address the issue of pollution
   related to increased tourism.  An SD model, based on the driving-force,
   state, and response indicator set, was used to enable the integration of the
   various interlinked factors causing this problem.  A DSS based on the SD
   model was implemented using the VENSIM and STELLA software.  This DSS
   enables decision-makers to perform scenario analysis by allowing them to
   incorporate their decision preferences.  © 2019 IEEE.
DE amsterdam; causal loop diagram; decision support system; ecosystem; stock
   and flow diagram; system dynamics; tourism
ID artificial intelligence; canals; decision making; ecosystems; hydraulic
   structures; pollution; sustainable development; system theory; tourism;
   water management; decision makers; decision support system ( dss ); economic
   benefits; scenario analysis; stella software; sustainable tourism; system
   dynamics; various functions; decision support systems

---

UT 662
AR Rius-Sorolla G, 2015, DIR ORGAN, V55, P44
TI Evaluation of two strategies coordinated through supply system dynamics: A
   case study in the feld of construction materials; [Evaluación de dos
   estrategias de aprovisionamiento coordinado mediante la dinámica de
   sistemas: Caso de estudio en el sector de materiales de la construcción]
AU Rius-Sorolla G; Maheut J; Estellés-Miguel S; Garcia-Sabater JP
TC 1
SO DIR ORGAN
PY 2015
AB In this paper, a simulation modeling using system dynamics (Vensim®) to
   propose an alternative coordination solution between two companies in the
   construction sector.  It is provided a comparison between the feld results
   of an alternative solution provided by the adhesive company in response of
   his customer collaboration request, kitchen bench company, to manage the
   supply and the results of the simulation model.
DE case study; collaboration; coordination; simulation

---

UT 663
AR Zhou X-N, 2019, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V267, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/267/4/042060
TI Research on cooperative lane-changing behavior based on system dynamics
AU Zhou X-N; Wang J-S; Zhu Y/2
TC 1
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2019
AB This research analyzed the contributing factor relating to the cooperative
   lane-changing behavior in the framework of system dynamics.  From the
   perspective of traffic management, investigating data includes the current
   states of response toward lane-changing behavior and a series of factors
   related to it, in Shenzhen Traffic Police Bureau, China, in both qualified
   and quantified manner.  In addition to that, data related to cars, drivers,
   environment, and weather in the same period of time were also collected.
   AMOS was used to analyze data, before simulating the cooperative lane-
   changing behavior system by VENSIM in order to explore the dynamic influence
   sequence of various factors on the cooperative lane-changing behavior with
   the change of time.  The outcomes illustrate that different types and levels
   of traffic management tactics bring to different levels of cooperative lane-
   changing behavior.  By using effective law enforcement and increasing the
   rate of personnel of learning enforcement properly and enforcement on time,
   etc.  the cooperative lane-changing behavior can be enhanced to a different
   level noticeably.  The evolution changing process appears periodically.  ©
   Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID law enforcement; renewable energy resources; system theory; change of time;
   contributing factor; lane-changing behaviors; system dynamics; traffic
   management; behavioral research

---

UT 664
AR Liu DJ, 2013, APPL MECH MATER, V437, P950, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.437.950
TI Dynamic system study on economic development and its causal feedback
   relations in economic system
AU Liu DJ
TC 2
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2013
AB In order to study the relationship of human capital and economic
   development, we establish the system dynamics model of human capital and
   economic development.  According to the analysis of the system dynamics
   causal feedback between human capital and economic development, we build a
   system dynamics flow chart of human capital and economic development by
   using system dynamics software Vensim languages and tools, and we simulate
   the development trend of each index variable in human capital and economic
   for the future.  © (2013) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.
DE economic system; human capital; system dynamics
ID product design; system theory; development trends; economic development;
   economic system; human capitals; index variables; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; economic analysis

---

UT 665
AR Orji IJ, 2015, J MANUF TECHNOL MANAG, V26, P1201, DOI
   10.1108/JMTM-11-2014-0120
TI Dynamic modeling of sustainable operation in green manufacturing environment
AU Orji IJ; Wei S/2
TC 23
SO J MANUF TECHNOL MANAG
PY 2015
AB Purpose - Globally, supply chains compete in a complex and rapidly changing
   environment.  Hence, sustainable supplier selection has become a decisive
   variable in the firm's financial success.  This requires reliable tools and
   techniques to enhance understanding on how supplier behavior evolves with
   time and to select the best sustainable supplier.  System dynamics (SD) is
   an approach to investigate the dynamic behavior in which the system
   alterations correspond to the system variable changes.  Fuzzy logic usually
   solves the challenges of imprecise data and ambiguous human judgment.  The
   paper aims to discuss these issues.  Design/methodology/approach - This work
   presents a novel modeling approach for integrating information on supplier
   behavior in fuzzy environment with SD simulation modeling technique.  This
   results in a more reliable and responsible decision-support system.
   Supplier behavior with respect to relevant sustainability criteria were
   sourced through expert interviews and simulated in Vensim to select the best
   possible sustainable supplier.  The simulation runs were carried out in four
   scenarios, namely, past, current, future and average time horizon for four
   different suppliers.  A multi-criteria decision-making model was presented
   to compare results from the systems dynamics model.  Findings - An increase
   in the rate of investment in sustainability by the different suppliers
   causes an exponential increase in total sustainability performance of the
   suppliers.  The growth rate of the total performance of suppliers outruns
   their rate of investment in sustainability after about 12 months.
   Originality/value - While a significant work exists regarding supplier
   selection, little work has been found that investigates how to insure
   sustainable suppliers maintain their status for a long period of time.  ©
   Emerald Group Publishing Limited.
DE simulation; supplier evaluation
ID decision making; decision support systems; fuzzy logic; green manufacturing;
   supply chains; design/methodology/approach; manufacturing environments;
   multicriteria decision making models; simulation; supplier evaluations;
   sustainability criteria; sustainability performance; sustainable supplier
   selections; sustainable development

---

UT 666
AR Mi L, 2011, ADV INTELL SOFT COMPUT, V105, P13, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-23756-0_3
TI The adaptive material and structure analysis of feedback circuit in industry
   evolution and enterprise growth
AU Mi L; Cheng S
TC 0
SO ADV INTELL SOFT COMPUT
PY 2011
AB From the perspective of material, structure, and growth, enterprise growth
   and industry evolution are a complicated dynamic process.  They show various
   dynamic characteristics and structure from birth, growth, maturity to
   recession as an organism.  According to the basic knowledge of system
   dynamics and science of material and structure, this paper gives a brief
   analysis of basic structure and mechanism in feedback circuit of industry
   evolution and enterprise growth.  This paper analyzes the positive circuit
   and negative circuit in industry evolution and enterprise growth with
   adaptive material called Vensim software.  Thus, we believe positive circuit
   is the driving or dragging force while a negative circuit has the effect of
   balance.  We provide initial ideas and suggestions for managers to view the
   industries and enterprises.  © 2011 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
DE enterprise growth; feedback circuit; industry evolution
ID biology; electric network analysis; intelligent systems; adaptive materials;
   basic structure; dragging forces; dynamic characteristics; dynamic process;
   enterprise growth; feedback circuit; feedback circuits; industry evolution;
   structure analysis; system dynamics; industry

---

UT 667
AR Marín-González O, 2018, AGRIC SYST, V164, P152, DOI
   10.1016/j.agsy.2018.02.005
TI Building and evaluation of a dynamic model for assessing impact of
   smallholder endowments on food security in agricultural systems in highland
   areas of central America (SASHACA)
AU Marín-González O; Parsons D; Arnes-Prieto E; Díaz-Ambrona CGH
TC 7
SO AGRIC SYST
PY 2018
AB Smallholder agricultural systems have an important role in world food
   production.  Agricultural smallholders in highland areas of the Mesoamerican
   dry-corridor are central to improve farming systems.  The key issue is that
   the subsistence smallholders are joint producer-consumers, with insufficient
   food production due to extreme environmental and weather conditions or
   incomes to supplement their own production from market sources.  Modelling
   offers an approach for testing and improving knowledge about complex
   systems.  The aim of this paper is to describe and assess a biophysical and
   socio-economic model of the smallholder agricultural systems based on maize-
   bean intercropping in highland areas of Central America.  A Vensim® DSS
   system dynamics model was developed for assessing the impact of Smallholder
   endowments on food security and to identify critical points to achieve
   sustainable food security and poverty alleviation in Agricultural Systems in
   Highland Areas of Central America (SASHACA). The SASHACA model integrates
   scientific and practical knowledge of crop management, labour, soil water
   content, soil nitrogen, food consumption and economic components of the
   system.  Model evaluation was conducted through a wide set of tests for
   assessment of dynamic models and statistical comparison of simulated versus
   observed data derived from surveys.  The model simulates realistic outputs
   and presents logical behavioural representation.  The maximum relative
   uncertainty of output variables ranged from 30% to 53% for univariate and
   multivariate sensitivity analyses respectively.  The model proved to be
   adequate for assessing food security under scenarios in low data
   availability areas.  The SASHACA model could be adapted to simulate a wide
   range of smallholder agricultural systems in highland areas of Central
   America, and potentially in other locations.  © 2018
DE bean; intercropping; maize; modelling nutrition; sustainable development
ID central america; mesoamerica; zea mays; agricultural management;
   agricultural modeling; environmental impact assessment; farming system; food
   security; intercropping; legume; maize; market conditions; nutrition;
   poverty alleviation; smallholder; sustainable development

---

UT 668
AR Parsons D, 2011, AGRIC SYST, V104, P1, DOI 10.1016/j.agsy.2010.07.006
TI Development and evaluation of an integrated simulation model for assessing
   smallholder crop-livestock production in Yucatán, Mexico
AU Parsons D; Nicholson CF; Blake RW; Ketterings QM; Ramírez-Aviles L; Fox DG;
   Tedeschi LO; Cherney JH
TC 42
SO AGRIC SYST
PY 2011
AB Mixed farming systems constitute a large proportion of agricultural
   production in the tropics, and provide multiple benefits for the world's
   poor.  However, our understanding of the functioning of these systems is
   limited.  Modeling offers the best approach to quantify outcomes from many
   interacting causal variables in these systems.  The objective of this study
   was to develop an integrated crop-livestock model to assess biophysical and
   economic consequences of farming practices exhibited in sheep systems of
   Yucatán state, Mexico.  A Vensim™ dynamic stock-flow feedback model was
   developed to integrate scientific and practical knowledge of management,
   flock dynamics, sheep production, partitioning of nutrients, labor, and
   economic components.  The model accesses sheep production and manure
   quantity and quality data generated using the Small Ruminant Nutrition
   System (SRNS), and interfaces on a daily basis with an Agricultural
   Production Systems Simulator (APSIM) model that simulates weather, crop, and
   soil dynamics.  Model evaluation indicated that the integrated model
   adequately represents the complex interactions that occur between farmers,
   crops, and livestock.  © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.
DE crop-livestock interactions; crop-livestock systems; milpa; sheep; shifting
   cultivation; system dynamics
ID mexico [ north america ]; yucatan; bovidae; ovis aries; agricultural land;
   biophysics; crop production; integrated approach; labor supply; manure;
   mixed farming; model test; nutrient availability; sheep; shifting
   cultivation; smallholder; tropical region

---

UT 669
AR Miller GR, 2012, ECOHYDROL, V5, P200, DOI 10.1002/eco.245
TI Understanding ecohydrological connectivity in savannas: A system dynamics
   modelling approach
AU Miller GR; Cable JM; McDonald AK; Bond B; Franz TE; Wang L/6; Gou S; Tyler
   AP; Zou CB; Scott RL
TC 40
SO ECOHYDROL
PY 2012
AB Ecohydrological connectivity is a system level property that results from
   the linkages in the networks of water transport through ecosystems, by which
   feedbacks and other emergent system behaviours may be generated.  We created
   a system dynamics model that represents primary ecohydrological networks to
   examine how connectivity between ecosystem components impacts ecosystem
   processes.  Here, we focused on the savanna ecosystems, although the
   analyses may be expanded to other ecosystem types in the future.  To create
   the model, a set of differential equations representing ecohydrological
   processes was programmed into the dynamic solver Vensim.  Stocks of water
   storage (e.g.  atmospheric and soil moisture) were linked by flows [e.g.
   precipitation and evapotranspiration (ET)] that were in turn dynamically
   controlled by the amount of water stored.  Precipitation was forced
   stochastically, and soil moisture and potential ET controlled actual ET. The
   model produced extended, probabilistic time series of stocks and flows,
   including precipitation, soil moisture, runoff, transpiration, and
   groundwater recharge.  It was used to describe the behaviour of several
   previously studied savanna ecosystems in North America and Africa.  The
   model successfully reproduced seasonal patterns of soil moisture dynamics
   and ET at the California site.  It also demonstrated more complex, system
   level behaviours, such as multiyear persistence of drought and synergistic
   or antagonistic responses to disconnection of system components.  Future
   improvements to the model will focus on capturing other important aspects of
   long-term system behaviour, such as changes in physiology or phenology, and
   spatial heterogeneity, such as the patchwork nature of savannas.  © 2011
   John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
DE cross-scale interactions; disturbance; evapotranspiration; feedbacks;
   resilience; soil moisture dynamics; system dynamics
ID differential equations; evapotranspiration; feedback; groundwater; phenols;
   soil moisture; system theory; water supply; california; disturbance; dynamic
   solvers; ecosystem components; ecosystem process; ground water recharge;
   resilience; savanna ecosystems; seasonal patterns; soil moisture dynamics;
   spatial heterogeneity; stocks and flows; system components; system dynamics;
   system dynamics model; system levels; water storage; water transport;
   drought; ecohydrology; ecosystem dynamics; ecosystem modeling; ecosystem
   resilience; evapotranspiration; probability; soil ecosystem; soil moisture;
   stochasticity; water storage; ecosystems

---

UT 670
AR Aghdam MS, 2020, J OPTIM IND ENG, V13, P113, DOI
   10.22094/JOIE.2019.582524.1618
TI A system dynamics approach to designing a crowdfunding model in
   technological entrepreneurship ecosystem with a focus on technology
   incubator centers
AU Aghdam MS; Alamtabriz A; Qazvini AS; Zandhessami H
TC 4
SO J OPTIM IND ENG
PY 2020
AB Crowdfunding, a new financing method for funding ideas or ventures through a
   large number of relatively small contributions from many individuals has
   witnessed the phenomenal development over the past decade.  It involves
   bypassing traditional financial intermediaries and using online web-based
   platforms to connect users of funds with retail funders.  This research
   first explores in greater detail the crowdfunding phenomenon, discussing its
   main aspects, as well as the role of the involved Stakeholders, and then
   introduce the A system dynamics approach to designing a crowdfunding model
   in technological entrepreneurship ecosystem with a focus on technology
   incubator centers.  The present study is based on the system dynamics method
   and this research, in terms of the purpose is applied and in terms of the
   survey method.  So for analysis of data, Vensim software has been used.  The
   simulation results show that technological entrepreneurship ecosystem policy
   combinations can effectively promote crowdfunding, which attracts more
   entrepreneurs to provide their ideas.  So crowdfunding could promote
   entrepreneurial to give a greater impact on economics, and contribute to
   building a more sustainable society.  © 2020 Qazvin Islamic Azad University.
   All rights reserved.
DE crowdfunder; economic value; emergence of new markets; entrepreneurial
   culture; social value

---

UT 671
AR Song H-D, 2011, EDUC TECHNOL SOC, V14, P141
TI A simulation model that decreases faculty concerns about adopting web- based
   instruction
AU Song H-D; Wang W-T; Liu C-Y
TC 11
SO EDUC TECHNOL SOC
PY 2011
AB Faculty members have different concerns as they integrate new technology
   into their teaching practices.  The integration of Web-Based Instruction in
   higher-education settings will not be successful if these faculty concerns
   are not addressed.  Four main stages of faculty concern (information,
   personal, management, and impact) were identified based on Hall's concern-
   based adoption model.  By reviewing the literature on the diffusion of on-
   line education, the author identified support factors that may decrease
   faculty concerns about adopting WBI. System dynamics was used to examine
   associations between faculty concerns and these support factors.  Based on
   these associations, a simulation model was built using STELLA to test the
   potential impact of support factors on the adoption of WBI by faculty
   members.  The simulation model will aid educators and administrators in
   evaluating the impacts of support factors on the adoption of WBI. ©
   International Forum of Educational Technology & Society (IFETS).
DE adoption of wbi; faculty concern; stella software; supporting factors for
   adoption of technology; system dynamics

---

UT 672
AR Kivuti-Bitok LW, 2014, COST EFF RESOUR ALLOC, V12, DOI
   10.1186/1478-7547-12-26
TI System dynamics model of cervical cancer vaccination and screening
   interventions in Kenya
AU Kivuti-Bitok LW; McDonnell G; Abdul R; Pokhariyal GP
TC 11
SO COST EFF RESOUR ALLOC
PY 2014
AB Objectives: This paper presents a simulation model for evaluating the
   possible effects of a screening and vaccination campaign against Human
   Papillomavirus [HPV] in Kenya.  Method: A System Dynamics model was
   developed using the iThink™ computer simulation package.  The model was
   based on data extracted from epidemiological, demographic and published
   research and where data was not available, expert opinion was sought.  The
   deterministic model stratified the population by vaccination status,
   screening status and HPV infection status.  The model was simulated to
   estimate outputs for the next 50years from 2011. Cost Utility indicators of
   Disability Adjusted Life Years (DALYs) and cost per averted DALY were used
   for economic evaluation.  Results: The model predicted that catch up
   vaccination had the greatest impact in reducing the prevalence of cervical
   cancer.  This was followed by Primary vaccination, with early detection
   through Screening having the lowest impact of the three choices of
   interventions in respect of averted cases of cervical cancer and DALY
   estimates.  Conclusion: Kenya as a country should consider adoption of
   secondary /catch up vaccination as an immediate measure to curb cervical
   cancer followed by primary vaccination of pre-adolescent girls.  Screening
   should be a complementary measure(s). This model provides a policy decision
   support vehicle that can allow for choice between different interventions
   based on their expected outcomes.  It also allows modification to
   accommodate new research results and information to assess the clinical
   impact of different policies and interventions in cervical cancer management
   in Kenya.  © 2014 Kivuti-Bitok et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
DE cancer; cervical; dynamic; kenya; simulation
ID article; cancer immunization; cancer prevention; cancer screening; computer
   prediction; computer program; computer simulation; cost utility analysis;
   disability adjusted life year; early diagnosis; female; general aspects of
   disease; health care cost; human; kenya; papillomavirus infection;
   prevalence; sensitivity analysis; trend study; uterine cervix cancer

---

UT 673
AR Ixhel MP, 2015, AGROALIMENT, V21, P95
TI A generic simulation model of a rice producer; [Un modèle de simulation
   générique pour une entreprise productrice du riz]; [Um modelo de simulação
   genérico de uma produção de arroz]; [Un modelo de simulación genérico de una
   productora de arroz]
AU Ixhel MP; Vicente RN
TC 0
SO AGROALIMENT
PY 2015
AB This paper presents a generic simulation model of a Venezuelan rice
   producer, by using the methodology of System Dynamics.  The stages of
   primary production were considered, from planting until harvesting paddy
   rice and shipping it to the mills.  A description of the production system
   was performed, which was the basis for the construction of the model, by
   using the software Vensim.  After validating the model and performing the
   sensitivity analysis, the analysis of several different scenarios was
   conducted, in order to perceive the behavior of the producer, under a
   diversity of conditions.  As a result of the scenario analysis, the
   variations of the crop yield after being affected by pests and/or weeds, in
   different magnitudes of impact, were observed.  Furthermore, the information
   presented in the literature about rice issues, related to the changes in
   plant density and its effect on the crop yield was confirmed.  Moreover, the
   generic nature of the model, which allows its adaptation to any rice
   producer based on the proposed structure and calibrating the relevant
   parameters, was ratified.  © 2015, Marine Technology Society Inc.  All
   rights reserved.

---

UT 674
AR Hussain M, 2012, INT J LOGIST RES APPLIC, V15, P231, DOI
   10.1080/13675567.2012.710599
TI Exploring the bullwhip effect using simulation and Taguchi experimental
   design
AU Hussain M; Saber H
TC 19
SO INT J LOGIST RES APPLIC
PY 2012
AB This paper quantifies the impact of different causes of the bullwhip effect
   in a model of a multi-echelon supply chain with batching and information
   sharing.  System dynamics simulation, using iThink® software, has been
   initially used to explore the impact of various batch sizes on the bullwhip
   effect.  It has been observed that the relationship between batch size and
   demand amplification is non-monotonic.  Large batch sizes, which when
   combined in integer multiples can produce order rates that are close to the
   actual demand, produce little demand amplification.  Next, a combination of
   simulation and Taguchi design of experiments is applied to quantitatively
   measure the impact of different causes of the bullwhip effect and the
   interaction that occurs between these causes.  This is a contribution to the
   continuing research into controlling the bullwhip effect, giving supply
   chain operations managers a practical approach to understanding the impact
   of different causes of the bullwhip effect.  © 2012 Copyright Taylor and
   Francis Group, LLC.
DE batching; bullwhip effect; simulation; supply chain dynamics; taguchi
   methods

---

UT 675
AR Yang G/1, 2018, PROC - INT CONF VIRTUAL REAL INTELL SYST ICVRIS, P421, DOI
   10.1109/ICVRIS.2018.00109
TI Study on the system dynamics model of low carbon city development
AU Yang G/1
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF VIRTUAL REAL INTELL SYST ICVRIS
PY 2018
AB Low-carbon economy has received extensive attention from all walks of life,
   as a new change of human economic development mode.In order to promote the
   sustainable development of the future society, economy, energy and
   environment, this paper designs a system dynamics model for the development
   of low carbon cities based on the urban low carbon economic
   indicators.Vensim software is adopted to test the system dynamics model,
   through the calculation of relative error between actual value and
   simulation value, and the model can be considered to be effective.Combined
   with the development of low carbon economy in Nanjing in the next 5 years,
   the development of low carbon economy in the city is simulated, and the
   feasible path of low carbon city construction is obtained.  © 2018 IEEE.
DE casual graph; city; low carbon; primary industry; sd
ID carbon; economics; environmental management; intelligent systems; renewable
   energy resources; software testing; sustainable development; system theory;
   virtual reality; casual graphs; city; energy and environment; low carbon;
   low carbon economy; low carbon cities; low carbon economic; system dynamics
   model; urban growth

---

UT 676
AR Neuwirth C, 2017, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V96, P140, DOI
   10.1016/j.envsoft.2017.06.017
TI System dynamics simulations for data-intensive applications
AU Neuwirth C
TC 14
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2017
AB Simulation modeling is increasingly perceived as a methodological asset to
   the field of data science.  Nonetheless, adequate graphical database
   interfaces are missing especially for most System Dynamics (SD) simulation
   tools.  SimSyn is freely available middleware used to link together models
   developed in VENSIM with a PostgreSQL database for spanning SD models over
   geographic or multi-dimensional parameter space.  The capabilities of SimSyn
   are demonstrated by simulating terrestrial carbon storage for 10,000 years
   on a 5 arc-min raster mesh with 278,115 grid cells.  Results indicated the
   reasonable performance of data-linked simulations (7, 500 to 10,000 runs per
   15 min) and a considerable increase of computational overheads associated
   with additional time series inputs.  Apart from increasing performance, the
   incorporation of SD interoperability standards is a key objective for the
   further development of SimSyn.  © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
DE data science; geographic space; open source software; parameter space;
   simulation modeling; uncertainty
ID carbon; computer simulation; computer software; middleware; open source
   software; open systems; software engineering; system theory; uncertainty
   analysis; computational overheads; data science; data-intensive application;
   geographic space; multi-dimensional parameters; parameter spaces; system
   dynamics simulation; uncertainty; carbon sequestration; data processing;
   database; geographical region; graphical method; numerical model;
   parameterization; raster; software; time series; uncertainty analysis;
   digital storage

---

UT 677
AR Wu C-I, 2011, APPL MECH MATER, V71-78, P5094, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.71-78.5094
TI The research for simulation model of river eco-security: A case study for
   Danshui River in Taipei City
AU Wu C-I; Liu C-C; Tsai P-Y
TC 1
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2011
AB Urban river eco-security completely reflected continuous mutual impacts and
   conductions among many factors, such as the increment and the decrement of
   urban environment pollution, the type of land use, the technology to water
   conservancy engineering, the policy of ecological conservation.  However,
   our early warning system of urban river eco-security was not perfect.  In
   this study which aims to construct the urban vision for the urban river eco-
   security structure analysis, quantitative measurement and strategy
   simulation.  This research, construction of five subsystems, "drainage
   control", "purification ability", "water recycled", "habitat" and "biomass".
   A dynamic model of urban river eco-security forecast and simulation system
   was constructed by system dynamics software Vensim DSS 5.9. The error value
   between simulation and real situation are few to prove the model is
   effective.  The study results indicate that the eco-security for Danshui
   River is going to biomass raising, drainage raising, Habitat increasing and
   pollution reducing.  The cogitation has integrated by system dynamic model
   which coming together to form precaution, water use, conservation and
   ecological restoration.  It is clear that urban river eco-security model may
   provide an alternative choice of urban river Engineering Construction
   decision and correspond to the direction of sustainable city.  © (2011)
   Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.
DE danshui river; eco-security; simulation model; system dynamics; urban river
ID computer simulation; computer software; drainage; dynamic models;
   ecosystems; historic preservation; pollution; research; rivers; system
   theory; water supply; danshui river; eco-security; simulation model; system
   dynamics; urban river; river pollution

---

UT 678
AR Kamath V, 2019, COGENT ECON FINANC, V7, DOI 10.1080/23322039.2019.1622172
TI A Participatory Systems Mapping (PSM) based approach towards analysis of
   business sustainability of rural indian milk dairies
AU Kamath V; Biju S; Kamath GB
TC 2
SO COGENT ECON FINANC
PY 2019
AB Drawing from the theories of Participatory Systems Mapping (PSM) this study
   presents an approach to analysing the business sustainability of
   entrepreneurial dairy ventures in India.  The article begins with a general
   introduction to the small and medium scale dairy ventures in rural India,
   highlighting the prominent issues and challenges faced by the stakeholders.
   The second part demonstrates the use of the PSM framework in developing the
   Stock and flow diagram (SFD). Further, data from a local milk dairy is
   collected, and simulations are carried out between 2017–2025 using Vensim®.
   The outputs are analysed, and inferences are made.  This study is expected
   to enable the policy makers towards the development of sustainable
   strategies for dairy businesses in general and enable the entrepreneur to
   analyse the future trends of the potential strategies under his
   consideration.  © 2019 The Author(s).
DE entrepreneurship; milk dairy; participatory systems mapping; simulations;
   system dynamics

---

UT 679
AR Yang B, 2017, AIP CONF PROC, V1834, DOI 10.1063/1.4981615
TI Evolution dynamics modeling and simulation of logistics enterprise's core
   competence based on service innovation
AU Yang B; Tong Y
TC 2
SO AIP CONF PROC
PY 2017
AB With the rapid development of economy, the development of logistics
   enterprises in China is also facing a huge challenge, especially the
   logistics enterprises generally lack of core competitiveness, and service
   innovation awareness is not strong.  Scholars in the process of studying the
   core competitiveness of logistics enterprises are mainly from the
   perspective of static stability, not from the perspective of dynamic
   evolution to explore.  So the author analyzes the influencing factors and
   the evolution process of the core competence of logistics enterprises, using
   the method of system dynamics to study the cause and effect of the evolution
   of the core competence of logistics enterprises, construct a system dynamics
   model of evolution of core competence logistics enterprises, which can be
   simulated by vensim PLE. The analysis for the effectiveness and sensitivity
   of simulation model indicates the model can be used as the fitting of the
   evolution process of the core competence of logistics enterprises and reveal
   the process and mechanism of the evolution of the core competence of
   logistics enterprises, and provide management strategies for improving the
   core competence of logistics enterprises.  The construction and operation of
   computer simulation model offers a kind of effective method for studying the
   evolution of logistics enterprise core competence.  © 2017 Author(s).
DE logistics enterprises core competence; service innovation; system dynamics
   modeling and simulation; vensim

---

UT 680
AR Duan Y, 2012, PROCEDIA ENG, V45, P199, DOI 10.1016/j.proeng.2012.08.143
TI Simulation experiment of safety experience based on system dynamics
AU Duan Y; Zhao P/2; Zhou Y/1; Zhang X/6; Zhao Y/1
TC 4
SO PROCEDIA ENG
PY 2012
AB According to the aspect of safety production accidents and enterprise
   employs, the safety supervision department and the HR department formulate
   relevant security measures in personnel changes together, in order to
   increase safety experience between employees and whole enterprise to reduce
   the possibility of industrial accidents occur, based on the theory of
   complex system, we can apply system dynamics method and Vensim software to
   establish a simulation model to illustrate the relationship between safety
   experience and the number of employees.  In the model we respectively take
   different parameters to simulate two control variables that are employment
   rate and mortality of one hundred thousand person, compare to three groups
   of six schemes, from two different points of view, one is at the micro level
   the total effective safety experience of individual employees, the other one
   is at the macro level average safety experience of the whole enterprise,
   which can scientifically analyze and predict the trend of two factors that
   employment rate and mortality of one hundred thousand person along with
   safety experience.  © 2012 The Authors.  Published by Elsevier Ltd.
DE safety experience; safety science; simulation experiment; system dynamics

---

UT 681
AR Parsons D, 2017, COGENT FOOD AGRI, V3, DOI 10.1080/23311932.2017.1313360
TI Assessing policy options for agricultural livestock development: A case
   study of Mexico’s sheep sector
AU Parsons D; Nicholson CF
TC 16
SO COGENT FOOD AGRI
PY 2017
AB The demand for sheep meat in the populous central region around Mexico City
   has grown rapidly in recent years.  To assess the impacts of potential
   “regional development” policy options, a dynamic model of Mexico’s sheep
   sector with regional and producer group disaggregation is developed that
   incorporates interactions between herd dynamics, feed dynamics, market
   inventories of sheep meat and prices for sheep meat and animals.  The model
   is used to assess the outcomes for commercial and tras patio (backyard,
   small-scale) Mexican sheep producers and sheep meat consumers of three
   growth assumptions and two intervention alternatives: a variable cost
   subsidy or the implementation of a stylized health intervention.  Model
   simulations indicate that the dynamics of growth dominate the policy
   responses; the principal beneficiaries of producer subsidy and animal health
   interventions are Mexican sheep meat consumers.  Commercial sheep producers
   will experience increases in cumulative net margin, but tras patio producers
   will be made worse off than they would have been in the absence of
   interventions.  The Mexican sheep system thus exhibits two characteristics
   of dynamically complex systems: unintended consequences and policy
   resistance, with broader implications for interventions in agriculture-based
   livelihood systems.  © 2017 The Author(s). This open access article is
   distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) 4.0 license.
DE complex systems; livestock; simulation modeling; smallholder farmers; system
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 682
AR Smiianov VA, 2020, WIAD LEK, V73, P2332, DOI 10.36740/wlek202011102
TI THE IMPACT OF THE PANDEMIC LOCKDOWN ON AIR POLLUTION, HEALTH AND ECONOMIC
   GROWTH: SYSTEM DYNAMICS ANALYSIS
AU Smiianov VA; Lyulyov OV; Pimonenko TV; Andrushchenko TA; Sova S;
   Grechkovskaya NV
TC 66
SO WIAD LEK
PY 2020
AB OBJECTIVE: The aim of the paper is checking the hypothesis on the linking
   between consequences of pandemic lockdown and air pollution, public health,
   and economic growth.  PATIENTS AND METHODS: Materials and methods: for
   prediction and modelling of the pandemic lockdown's impact on the air
   pollution, health, and economic growth with the system dynamics analysis and
   software Vensim; for the analysis, the authors used the methods as follows:
   bibliometric analysis with Scopus Tools Analysis and software VOSviewer.
   RESULTS: Results: The findings confirmed that the current rate of infected
   from growing disease was 11%. If quarantine continues the rate of infected
   from the growing disease will be 15%. If the quarantine cancels the rate of
   infected from the growing disease will be 5%, and the declining of GDP
   increment will be higher, than in scenario with quarantine.  CONCLUSION:
   Conclusions: The findings confirmed the hypothesis that lockdown has the
   negative impact on the economic, social, and ecological growth of the
   country.  At the same time, in the case, if the government cancel the
   quarantine, the declining of GDP increment will be higher, and the rate of
   infected from the growing disease will be the highest - 15%. In this case,
   the government should provide the quarantine regime and strengthen the
   control of the compliance.
DE economic growth; health economics; pandemic; public health
ID air pollution; covid-19; economic development; humans; pandemics; systems
   analysis; adverse event; air pollution; economic development; human;
   pandemic; system analysis

---

UT 683
AR Bastan M, 2018, KYBERNETES, V47, P142, DOI 10.1108/K-01-2017-0003
TI Sustainable development of agriculture: a system dynamics model
AU Bastan M; Ramazani Khorshid-Doust R; Delshad Sisi S; Ahmadvand A
TC 88
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2018
AB Purpose: Sustainable development is the management and conservation of the
   basic natural resources through which organizational and technological
   changes are lead to meet present and future needs of humans.  In developing
   and analyzing the solutions based on sustainable development principles, an
   integrated and holistic approach needs to be pursued.  Not only system
   dynamics has the essential tools for systemic analysis, but also it is an
   appropriate approach for perceiving problems and offering solutions.  The
   aim of this study is to present an integrated and systemic model to analyze
   the existent dynamics in sustainable development of Iran’s farming industry.
   Design/methodology/approach: To achieve the mathematical equations and
   values of model’s variables, a simulation is carried out using the data
   gathered from Damavand city, Tehran, Iran.  The parameters of the model are
   selected and calculated considering the specifications of this case study.
   After modeling the system, Vensim simulation software has been employed,
   followed by identifying the leverage points of the model; then, a set of
   scenarios have been generated and tested through simulation to achieve a
   much improved understanding of the system’s dynamic behavior.  Findings: The
   results show that two factors are among the most important leverage points:
   “profit gained from agriculture” and “required water”. The authors could
   also observe that the main issue in Damavand is the lack of water for which
   saving policies would be a major step toward agriculture’s sustainable
   development in this area.  Originality/value: The paper shows how System
   Dynamics simulation approach can provide deep insights into the field of
   sustainable development and present efficient policies for agriculture
   sustainability.  © 2018, © Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE farming level; land transformation; sustainable development; system dynamics

---

UT 684
AR Mu J/1, 2020, CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM, P1077
TI Research on food safety collaborative governance from the perspective of
   supply Chain
AU Mu J/1; Dong H; Wang Y/6; Li S/2
TC 0
SO CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM
PY 2020
AB Collaborative management of food safety is a complex project.  We build a
   collaborative evolutionary game model among three stakeholders: local
   authorities or institutions, enterprises and consumers, and use Vensim
   platform to simulate and analyze the evolution stable equilibrium state and
   evolution driving factors of the model.  The results show that: the
   decision-making behavior of the authorities, enterprises and consumers
   influence each other, and the main driving force of the game system is the
   authorities' reward and subsidy to honest enterprises, the punishment to
   dishonest enterprises, and the economic loss caused by the cooperation
   reduction with downstream for dishonest operation.  © 8th International
   Symposium on Project Management, ISPM 2020. All rights reserved.
DE evolutionary game; food safety; modeling and simulation; system dynamics (
   sd )
ID consumer behavior; decision making; food safety; losses; supply chains;
   collaborative governances; collaborative management; complex projects;
   decision making behaviors; driving factors; evolutionary game models; local
   authorities; stable equilibrium state; project management

---

UT 685
AR [Anonymous], 2020, STUD THEORY APPL, V43, P88, DOI
   10.16353/j.cnki.1000-7490.2020.07.015
TI Dynamic Model of Early Warning System for Competitive Intelligence of New
   Ventures Based on " Internet + " Thinking; [基于“互联网+”思维的新创企业竞争情报预警体系动力学模型研究]
TC 0
SO STUD THEORY APPL
PY 2020
AB [Purpose/significance] " Internet + " thinking has become the guiding
   ideology of national strategy, and the research of competitive intelligence
   early warning in enterprise information field needs to be innovating under
   its influence.[Method/ process] Taking new ventures as an example, this
   paper specifically discusses the innovative transformation of the
   competitive intelligence early warning system in the "Internet + " thinking,
   and uses the system dynamics method and VENSIM PLE tools to analyze the
   causality of system and build simulation model.[Result/conclusion] The
   operation of the simulation model can better demonstrate the promotion
   effect of system innovation on early warning results under the influence of
   " Internet + " thinking.  In order to provide an effective system reference
   for new enterprises to carry out competitive intelligence early warning work
   under the Internet environment.  © 2020 Information studies: Theory and
   Application.  All rights reserved.
DE internet +  thinking; competitive intelligence early warning; new ventures;
   system dynamics

---

UT 686
AR Zhao X-G, 2019, J CLEAN PROD, V230, P241, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2019.04.408
TI Research on optimal benchmark price of tradable green certificate based on
   system dynamics: A China perspective
AU Zhao X-G; Zhou Y/2; Zuo Y; Meng J; Zhang Y-Z
TC 75
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2019
AB Renewable portfolio standard (RPS) is a compulsory institutional change to
   achieve low-carbon energy transformation in China.  Its success depends on
   the scientific system quasi-parameter design, the most important system
   quasi-parameter is the benchmark price of the tradable green certificate
   (TGC). Setting the benchmark price of TGC scientifically and reasonably in
   line with China's national conditions is conducive to the effective
   implementation of RPS in China.  Based on the system dynamics (SD) to
   construct China's green certificate trading market model, this paper
   analyzes the interaction between the TGC market and the electricity market
   under the RPS, and uses Vensim simulation to simulate the optimal TGC
   benchmark price based on the maximization of social welfare.  The results
   show that the TGC market and the electricity market are mutually
   influential.  As the benchmark price of TGC increases, the total power
   generation increases and the on-grid price decreases.  Consumer surplus,
   producer surplus and social welfare all reach the maximum when the TGC
   benchmark price is 0.4yuan/KWh, so determines 0.4yuan/kWh as the optimal
   benchmark price of TGC. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
DE benchmark price; china; renewable portfolio standard; social welfare;
   tradable green certificate
ID electric industry; power generation; power markets; system theory; china;
   green certificates; institutional change; low carbon energies; national
   conditions; renewable portfolio standard; social welfare; tradable green
   certificates; commerce

---

UT 687
AR Shen S, 2020, PROC IEEE TECHNOL MECHATRONICS ENG CONF ITOEC, P686, DOI
   10.1109/ITOEC49072.2020.9141868
TI Research on Evolution and Development of Power Generation Scale and Cost
   under Tradable Green Certificates Market in China
AU Shen S; He D; He Y/1; Shen Y/2; Li F/1; Xu E; Wang X/5; Zhu K
TC 4
SO PROC IEEE TECHNOL MECHATRONICS ENG CONF ITOEC
PY 2020
AB Tradable green certificates market is an effective measure to solve the
   problems of high cost of renewable energy and large funding gap, single
   funding source and long time period of price subsidy.  Economic model of
   tradable green certificates market is established based on system dynamics
   and simulation is carried out based on Vensim.  Meanwhile, unit
   comprehensive cost of various energy under tradable green certificates
   market and sensitivity of key factors are analyzed deeply.  The results
   indicate that tradable green certificates market will not only reduce
   subsidy funds and improve efficiency of subsidies, but also provide a new
   investment return mode for renewable energy, encourage investment
   development and effectively promote energy supply side structure
   optimization with reasonable renewable portfolio standard ratio and tradable
   green certificates validity period.  © 2020 IEEE.
DE energy structure; renewable portfolio standard; system dynamics; tradable
   green certificates
ID commerce; structural optimization; comprehensive costs; economic modeling;
   effective measures; investment returns; renewable energies; renewable
   portfolio standard; system dynamics and simulations; tradable green
   certificates; investments

---

UT 688
AR Boyko AA, 2019, J PHYS CONF SER, V1399, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1399/3/033120
TI The dynamic simulation model of calculating equipment purchase with the bond
   loan
AU Boyko AA; Kukartsev VV/1; Eremeev DV; Bondarev AS; Tynchenko VS; Kukartsev
   VA; Bashmur KA
TC 3
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2019
AB In this article, the dynamic simulation model of calculating equipment
   purchase on account of a bond loan is presented.  The model has been
   developed on the basis of system dynamic method using Powersim Studio tools.
   In the constructed model, calculations were conducted in two ways to
   determine the cost of capital raising through a bond loan and to issuing
   company and bond profitability for the investor.  To determine the capital
   cost in the model there was used the optimization mechanism, as a tool to
   determine an optimal value there was applied an optimizer built into
   Powersim Studio and based on the genetic algorithm.  As a result of
   calculations, it has been obtained next values: the raising capital cost on
   account of a bond loan, the bond profitability for an investor, etc.
   Performed calculations can allow summing up that the developed dynamic
   simulation model is a quiet universal model and on its basis different
   researches associated to varied aspects of equipment purchase account on
   issuance bonds are able to perform.  © Published under licence by IOP
   Publishing Ltd.
ID dynamics; electronic trading; genetic algorithms; profitability; sales;
   studios; capital costs; cost of capital; optimal values; optimizers; system
   dynamics; two ways; universal model; costs

---

UT 689
AR Zare Mehrjerdi Y, 2020, SN APPL SCI, V2, DOI 10.1007/s42452-020-03203-1
TI Dynamic analysis of health-related factors with its impacts on economic
   growth
AU Zare Mehrjerdi Y; Alemzadeh R; Hajimoradi A
TC 2
SO SN APPL SCI
PY 2020
AB The largest capital of a country is its human resources.  Given that Iran is
   one of the richest countries in terms of human resources, economic growth of
   the country depends upon the performance and efficiency of its human
   resources.  Special attention should be paid to the health of the society,
   especially the workforce.  Health is one of the factors that can play a
   major role in enhancing productivity by reducing staff absenteeism due to
   illness as well as increasing concentration of staff, improving performance
   and ultimately enhancing staff productivity.  It can provide for better and
   better production and services in the country, followed by growth and
   prosperity.  The purpose of the present study is to investigate the impacts
   of health-related factors on economic growth of the country.  Because of the
   complexity of the problem, we have used system dynamics approach to model
   problem.  The model was simulated using VENSIM computer software, and the
   results showed that by increasing the per capita exercise among the people
   of the country as well as improving the nutrition habit contribution to the
   long-term economic growth of the country while improving the country’s
   health can occur.  © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE dynamics; economic growth; health; human resources; productivity
ID health; personnel; productivity; economic growths; improving performance;
   model problems; per capita; related factors; used systems; economic analysis

---

UT 690
AR Su X, 2020, PAIGUAN JIXIE XUEBAO, V38, P285, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1674-8530.18.0120
TI System dynamics model-based simulation of agricultural water resources
   supply and demand balance in changing environments; [基于SD变化环境下农业水资源供需平衡模拟]
AU Su X; Xie J; Zhou Z
TC 2
SO PAIGUAN JIXIE XUEBAO
PY 2020
AB A system dynamics model for supply and demand balance of agricultural water
   resources has been established using system dynamics software Vensim-Dss to
   simulate variations in agricultural water supply, demand and deficit in a
   changing environment.  The social and economic development and climate
   changing scenarios were considered in the model and the impacts of changing
   environment on the supply and demand balance of agricultural water resources
   were explored.  In terms of Shiyang River Basin, the results show that the
   extent of influence of climate change on the future agricultural water
   supply differs from that on the water demand.  After 2033, however, the
   variation trends of the agricultural water supply in A2 and B2 climate
   scenarios are identical.  The response of the agricultural water resources
   system to climate change in one administrative district is different from
   that in the other district significantly.  In Jinchang Administrative
   District, for example, the water deficit ratio in Scenario A2 is greater
   that in Scenario B2, and it will arrive at 32.0% and 28.6%, respectively, in
   2029 and 2038. In Scenario B2, mild water deficit will start to occur
   onwards 2021, and moderate water deficit should only appear in 2023 and
   2039, with 30.7% and 30.5% water deficit ratios, respectively.  Regarding to
   Wuwei Administrative District, the water deficit ratio in Scenario A2 is
   smaller that in Scenario B2. Specially, in Scenario A2, moderate water
   deficit just appears in 2038 with 24.9% water deficit ratio.  In Scenario
   B2, however, more years will suffer from moderate water deficit, especially,
   the year 2023 can be subject to the most severe water shortage with a
   deficit ratio as large as 33.2%. These results can provide guidance on
   regional water utilization planning and agricultural development planning in
   a changing environment.  © 2020, Editorial Department of Journal of Drainage
   and Irrigation Machinery Engineering.  All right reserved.
DE agricultural water resources; balance between water supply and demand;
   changing environment; shiyang river basin; system dynamics model

---

UT 691
AR Wang Y, 2013, J APPL SCI ENG, V16, P187, DOI 10.6180/jase.2013.16.2.10
TI Application and improvement of a system dynamics model to forecast the
   volume of containers
AU Wang Y; Chou C-C; Yeo G-T
TC 8
SO J APPL SCI ENG
PY 2013
AB The forecasting of container volumes is a critical component in both the
   nation's economy and the development of ports.  This paper attempts to
   generate a model for forecasting container volumes at ports using system
   dynamics to provide higher forecasting accuracy.  First, a regression model
   and system dynamics model are employed to forecast the container volume in
   Taiwan, the average forecasting error shows that the system dynamics model
   has higher forecasting ability.  Second, data for the period 1990-2008 in
   Taiwan and Korea are used to forecast the container volumes for 2016. The
   total container volumes come from the import/export container volume and
   transshipment container volume.  The input data are divided into two sets-
   total and import/export- according to the properties of the port or nation.
   By comparing the error of the result using the two sets of input data, the
   system dynamics model in this paper is improved and is shown to be a good
   method for forecasting container volumes at different ports or nations in
   the world.
DE forecast; regression model; system dynamics; vensim simulation tool
ID prediction models; system theory; average forecasting error; critical
   component; forecast; forecasting ability; forecasting accuracy; model
   dynamics; regression modeling; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling;
   vensim simulation tool

---

UT 692
AR Li Y/1, 2018, CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM, P1034
TI Collaborative innovation model and simulation research of industrial
   innovation chain
AU Li Y/1; Yan Y/1; Fang P
TC 2
SO CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM
PY 2018
AB This study based on the main dynamic factors of the industrial chain and the
   innovation chain in the evolution, points out that the influence of power
   factor to each chain, and analyzes the inherent relationship between each
   other with a chain on the dynamic factor.  Then the Vensim software of the
   system dynamics is used to draw evolution mechanism model of industry chain
   and innovation chain.  Through analyzing the intrinsic correlation of the
   power factor of each chain evolution process, industry chain and innovation
   chain organic form a chain, industrial innovation chain, and evolution
   mechanism model is constructed.  This model is proposed to provide a
   reference of the industry chain and innovation chain better coupled
   together, ultimately realizes win-win situation for the industry chain and
   innovation chain to achieve the two heads are better than one.  © Conference
   Proceedings of the 6th International Symposium on Project Management, ISPM
   2018. All rights reserved.
DE collaboration; industrial innovation chain; mechanism
ID dynamics; electric power factor; mechanisms; project management;
   collaboration; collaborative innovation; dynamic factors; evolution
   mechanism; evolution process; industrial chain; industrial innovation;
   vensim softwares; industrial research

---

UT 693
AR Yang T-J, 2011, INT CONF MANAG SERV SCI MASS, DOI 10.1109/ICMSS.2011.5998132
TI China's domestic airline competition analysis based on system dynamics and
   simulation
AU Yang T-J; Dong Z-Y
TC 0
SO INT CONF MANAG SERV SCI MASS
PY 2011
AB This paper offers a system dynamics method to analyze competition of China's
   domestic airline courses between main cities which are operated by only two
   main airlines.  The model highlights four factors that affect purchase
   behavior: price, safety impression, service quality, punctuality rate and
   define the concept of airline's total impression based on the latter three
   factors.  Real data is collected through survey and simulation via Vensim
   software is conducted to give analysis to the system.  We use the model and
   simulation to study how different airline price strategies and different
   airline impressions can affect purchase behavior separately.  © 2011 IEEE.
DE airline competition; simulation; system dynamics
ID competition; computer simulation; computer software; management science;
   system theory; airline competition; domestic airlines; model and simulation;
   price strategies; service quality; simulation; system dynamics; air
   transportation

---

UT 694
AR Chai T, 2012, APPL MECH MATER, V121-126, P4832, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.121-126.4832
TI The modeling research on the cost of 3PL transportation based on system
   dynamics
AU Chai T; Tong M
TC 0
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2012
AB In this paper, we analyse the structure of third-party logistics cost.  We
   specially analyzes influence factor of transportation cost which account for
   1/3 to 2/3 of the third-party logistics from the view of system dynamics.
   We establish the system dynamics model of transportation cost, and further
   more, we give the Vensim equations and explanation for it.
DE system dynamics; third-party logistics transportation; vensim equation
ID costs; industrial research; manufacture; system theory; logistics costs;
   system dynamics; system dynamics model; transportation cost; vensim
   equation; outsourcing

---

UT 695
AR Yi-Wu Y, 2011, PROC INT CONF FUTUR COMPUT SCI EDUC ICFCSE, P325, DOI
   10.1109/ICFCSE.2011.84
TI System dynamics simulation of sustainable development model of Chinese
   athletic talent reserve
AU Yi-Wu Y; Wei-Tao Z; Si X
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF FUTUR COMPUT SCI EDUC ICFCSE
PY 2011
AB With the research method of system dynamics tools, the paper analyses the
   internal and external factors influencing the sustainable development of the
   Chinese athletic talent reserve, design the system dynamics equation by
   using the ratio of athlete population as the core variable and drawing the
   chart of cause and effect and construct the system dynamics model.  The
   paper also uses the Vensim PLE to simulate the athletic talent reserve
   development trend from 2006 to 2020. The simulation results show that the
   development model of the complete integration education is the most
   efficient, professional development model comes next, then the model of
   traditional three-level training and the social development model is the
   least efficient.  Thus, various kinds of athletic talent reserve development
   models should be adopted for its sustainable development in the future.  ©
   2011 IEEE.
DE athletic sport; development model; sustainable development; system dynamics;
   talent reserve
ID computer science; planning; sustainable development; system theory; athletic
   sport; development model; development trends; internal and external factors;
   professional development; research methods; simulation result; social
   development; system dynamics; system dynamics model; system dynamics
   simulation; talent reserve; three-level; computer simulation

---

UT 696
AR Huang M, 2011, J SOIL SCI, V91, P185, DOI 10.4141/cjss10009
TI System dynamics modeling of infiltration and drainage in layered coarse soil
AU Huang M; Elshorbagy A; Barbour LS; Zettl JD; Si BC
TC 25
SO J SOIL SCI
PY 2011
AB A system dynamics (SD) model was developed to simulate transient
   infiltration and drainage processes in multilayered soils.  STELLA Software
   was used as a stock-flow icon-based simulation environment.  The developed
   SD model combined both physically based formulations and empirical
   assumptions to describe one-dimensional saturated-unsaturated water flow in
   the vadose zone.  The model was successfully calibrated and validated using
   measured water contents during the infiltration and drainage phases,
   respectively, of a double-ring infiltration test.  The simulation results
   were also compared with a finite element model of saturated/unsaturated flow
   (HYDRUS). The results showed that the SD model was capable of accurately
   simulating the various hydrological processes in multilayered soils, and
   could be a useful tool for designing reclamation covers.  The simulated and
   measured results show that the presence of a finer sand layer overlying a
   coarse sand layer will increase the soil water storage at field capacity.
DE drainage; infiltration; layered soils; system dynamics model
ID calibration; field capacity; finite element method; flow modeling;
   hydrological modeling; infiltration; model validation; sand; saturated
   medium; software; soil drainage; soil profile; soil water; soil water
   potential; unsaturated flow; vadose zone; water flow

---

UT 697
AR Esmaeili E, 2019, INTL J SYST ASSUR ENG MANAG, V10, P201, DOI
   10.1007/s13198-018-0754-5
TI Analyzing the productivity of maintenance systems using system dynamics
   modeling method
AU Esmaeili E; Karimian H; Najjartabar Bisheh M
TC 12
SO INTL J SYST ASSUR ENG MANAG
PY 2019
AB Achievement of industries in production and offering products depends on
   different factors like having an appropriate maintenance system.  This issue
   should be reached through the most appropriate and practical methods.  In
   this study, based on how the external parameters would influence the
   productivity of a maintenance system the researcher aims at designing a
   dynamic system model to analyze the productivity of a maintenance system
   using acquired information from a car device company by determination of the
   percentage of parameters and indexes and their influence on maintenance
   system productivity.  The proposed model is simulated for a system with
   parameters of precise value according to fixed and variable maintenance
   policies which the results are represented.  The results of different
   policies described by using computerized simulation of the prepared model on
   VENSIM software.  The time horizon of the systems can be considered from
   several years to several decades.  This research considered 12 weeks for
   analyzing the system.  This time was specified by consultation with experts
   in the first session of modeling.  In such environment a model of
   productivity evaluation and operation of maintenance seems required that in
   this research by analyzing influential factors on maintenance system
   productivity of a factory and by means of acquired samples, it was possible
   to measure the ratio of maintenance system operation condition according to
   the posed indexes and their influences on productivity operation.  This
   situation shows that to the extent that positive indexes in the diagram are
   higher to the same extent maintenance system productivity of company
   increases.  © 2018, The Society for Reliability Engineering, Quality and
   Operations Management (SREQOM), India and The Division of Operation and
   Maintenance, Lulea University of Technology, Sweden.
DE dynamic modeling; maintenance system; productivity; rate and state variables
ID computer software; dynamic models; productivity; computerized simulation;
   dynamic system modeling; influential factors; maintenance policy;
   maintenance systems; productivity evaluation; state variables; system
   dynamics model; maintenance

---

UT 698
AR Eversole CB, 2018, HERPETOL MONOGR, V32, P22, DOI
   10.1655/HERPMONOGRAPHS-D-17-00005
TI A Theoretical Population and Harvest Model for American Alligators
   (Alligator mississippiensis)
AU Eversole CB; Henke SE; Turner BL; Glasscock SN; Powell RL; Wester DB;
   Ballard BM
TC 9
SO HERPETOL MONOGR
PY 2018
AB The American Alligator (Alligator mississippiensis) is a crocodilian species
   that was once listed as endangered in the United States but is now harvested
   both recreationally and commercially throughout its range in the
   southeastern United States.  Harvest of alligators typically includes egg
   collecting and hunting.  However, review of scientific literature reveals
   that the effects of harvest on alligator populations have received little
   scientific scrutiny.  We built a theoretical simulation model to evaluate
   the impact of several harvest strategies on long-term (i.e., 100 yr)
   alligator population trends.  We used system dynamics software to develop
   the model and acquired data for the model from literature and field studies
   on alligator ecology.  Although widely applicable across the species range
   and for other crocodilians, we used the Texas alligator management program
   as an example for model use.  Results of model simulations showed that
   current harvest (50% egg harvest, 2% subadult harvest, 2% adult harvest) is
   sustainable, but alligator populations will stabilize at levels below
   population potential.  The best harvest scenario for a sustainable harvest
   that maintains alligator populations at a relatively unchanging level is a
   38% egg harvest, 2% subadult harvest, and 2% adult harvest.  An elevated egg
   harvest (80%) can be sustained if no hunting harvest occurs.  Contrarily, an
   increased hunting harvest (4% subadult, 4% adult) can be sustained with no
   egg harvest.  This model identifies the function of current alligator
   harvest within populations and provides a tool for future use in determining
   the effect of changes in harvest or life-history characteristics on
   alligator population dynamics.  © 2018 by The Herpetologists' League, Inc.
DE harvest management; population ecology; quantitative modeling; systems
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 699
AR Nozari H, 2014, J IRRIG DRAIN ENG, V140, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)IR.1943-4774.0000748
TI Simulation of drainage water quantity and quality using system dynamics
AU Nozari H; Liaghat A
TC 22
SO J IRRIG DRAIN ENG
PY 2014
AB The quantity and quality of drainage water in areas with shallow and saline
   groundwater changes over time until it reaches a balance.  The balance time
   is fairly long and depends on the characteristics of the shallow aquifer.
   Therefore, it is very important to simulate such phenomena in order to
   manage drain effluent, especially when it is supposed to discharge into the
   environment.  In this paper, the system dynamics technique was used to
   simulate the performance of a drainage system in the unsteady state
   condition.  The study used the system dynamic programming tool Vensim.  The
   model developed in this study is capable of predicting many hydrological
   variables such as water table fluctuation, drainage discharge, and the
   salinity of drain water and ground water.  The model was validated using
   data collected at a tiledrained experimental site irrigated with shallow
   ground water located in the Khuzestan province of Iran.  The results show
   that the standard error values in determining accuracy of simulated water
   table level, drainage discharge, and salinity of drain water are 14.4 cm,
   0.43 L=s, and 2.8 dS=m, respectively.  A sensitivity analysis was done to
   determine the response of simulated results to changes in model parameters.
   The results indicated a good agreement between the observed and simulated
   variables, and the model can be used to manage and control saline drainage
   water and also to prevent environmental damage.  © 2014 American Society of
   Civil Engineers.
DE drainage system; hydrological variables; salinity; system dynamics; unsteady
   state
ID aquifers; computer aided software engineering; drainage; dynamic
   programming; effluents; groundwater resources; sensitivity analysis; system
   theory; drainage systems; hydrological variables; salinity; system dynamics;
   unsteady state; accuracy assessment; aquifer; computer simulation;
   discharge; drainage; effluent; groundwater flow; hydrological modeling;
   numerical model; pollutant transport; quantitative analysis; water quality;
   water table; saline water

---

UT 700
AR Tan W-J, 2018, OCEAN COAST MANAG, V153, P131, DOI
   10.1016/j.ocecoaman.2017.12.012
TI Integrated coastal-zone management for sustainable tourism using a decision
   support system based on system dynamics: A case study of Cijin, Kaohsiung,
   Taiwan
AU Tan W-J; Yang C-F; Château P-A; Lee M-T; Chang Y-C
TC 76
SO OCEAN COAST MANAG
PY 2018
AB Kaohsiung is the largest port city in Taiwan, where the offshore island of
   Cijin forms a natural breakwater for the Kaohsiung harbor.  With its
   abundant recreational resources and convenient accessibility, the small
   island of Cijin attracts many tourists during weekends.  Although the highly
   developed tourism has led to significant economic benefits, it has also
   caused pollution and unbalanced development, which have severely degraded
   the coastal environment and marine ecosystem.  By using the System Dynamics
   (SD) approach, we developed an effective integrated coastal zone management
   Decision Support System (DSS) to address this problem.  A SD model, based on
   the driving-force, state, and response indicator set, was employed to enable
   integration of the numerous interlinked factors causing this problem.  A
   user-friendly DSS based on the SD model was implemented using the STELLA
   software.  This DSS enables decision makers to perform scenario analysis
   easily by allowing them to incorporate their decision preferences.  Several
   policies were developed in this study and the DSS was used to assess their
   performance regarding the sustainable development of coastal tourism in
   Cijin.  © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
DE decision support system ( dss ); driving forces states and response ( dsr )
   indicators; integrated coastal zone management ( iczm ); sustainable
   development indicator; system dynamics ( sd )
ID cijin island; kaohsiung; taiwan; artificial intelligence; breakwaters;
   coastal engineering; coastal zones; decision making; ecosystems; marine
   pollution; planning; ports and harbors; regional planning; sustainable
   development; system theory; decision support system ( dss ); driving forces;
   integrated coastal zone management; sustainable development indicators;
   system dynamics; accessibility; breakwater; coastal zone management;
   decision making; decision support system; economic development; ecotourism;
   environmental indicator; integrated approach; marine ecosystem; resource
   management; scenario analysis; sustainable development; decision support
   systems

---

UT 701
AR Stadnicka D, 2017, INT CONF PROD RES ICPR, P290
TI VSM based system dynamics analysis to determine manufacturing processes
   performance indicators
AU Stadnicka D; Litwin P/1
TC 4
SO INT CONF PROD RES ICPR
PY 2017
AB Companies have to meet clients’ requirements and, at the same time, be cost
   effective to survive.  In order to minimize costs, companies implement lean
   manufacturing concept and lean tools such as the value stream mapping (VSM)
   to identify and then eliminate waste.  VSM allows a static analysis
   therefore the authors of this work propose integration of VSM with system
   dynamics analysis (SDA). Hence, first in the work an extended VSM is
   presented.  Then, on the base of a developed extended value stream map
   (VSMap) for an automotive industry case study, an adequate simulation model
   was created.  For simulations Vensim software was used.  The case study of
   manufacturing line dynamics were analyzed.  In the analysis, the inventory
   limitations were taken into consideration as well as disturbances such as
   machine failures and nonconformities.  As a result, the dynamics of
   inventory levels and work stands load were presented.  © 2017 DEStech
   Publications.  All rights reserved.
DE computer simulations; extended value stream mapping; inventory level
   reduction; system dynamics analysis
ID automotive industry; computer hardware description languages; computer
   simulation; cost effectiveness; manufacture; mapping; static analysis;
   system theory; inventory levels; manufacturing concepts; manufacturing
   lines; manufacturing process; performance indicators; system dynamics; value
   stream mapping; value stream maps; costs

---

UT 702
AR Shi C/2, 2011, INT CONF MULTIMED TECHNOL ICMT, P3692, DOI
   10.1109/ICMT.2011.6001788
TI Sustainable utilization study and assessment of water resources in Chaohe
   river basin based on system dynamics
AU Shi C/2; Wang L/8
TC 1
SO INT CONF MULTIMED TECHNOL ICMT
PY 2011
AB The system of Chaohe river basin water resources sustainable development is
   a large complex nonlinear one.  Based on the sustainable development theory
   and the method of system dynamics, using advanced Vensim language as tool,
   system dynamics model of Chaohe river basin water resources sustainable
   development is established.  Water resources sustainable development factors
   have been imported.  Water resources with society development, population,
   economy, science & education and environment have built as a comprehensive
   general system.  The demand of water consumption meeting Miyun reservoir in
   the future is studied.  Development status in the future has been processed
   dynamic emulation program of Chaohe river basin existing different policy &
   condition by adjust control parameter to offer decision-making & sustain for
   establishment development planning and adjust various policies of Chaohe
   river basin.  © 2011 IEEE.
DE drainage area; model; sustainable development; system dynamics; vensim
ID catchments; environmental protection; models; multimedia systems; planning;
   reservoirs ( water ); rivers; sustainable development; system theory; water
   supply; watersheds; assessment of water resources; control parameters;
   development planning; drainage area; dynamic emulation; miyun reservoir;
   river basins; sustainable utilization; system dynamics; system dynamics
   model; vensim; water consumption; water resources

---

UT 703
AR Xu JQ, 2013, ADV MATER RES, V834-836, P2003, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMR.834-836.2003
TI An economic comparison between electric and conventional vehicles based on
   system dynamics
AU Xu JQ; Yang YP; Yin RS
TC 0
SO ADV MATER RES
PY 2013
AB Currently the number of electric vehicles on road is still small, the main
   reasons are their high cost, poor economic returns, which lead to their weak
   market competitiveness.  In this paper, a system dynamics model was built to
   compare the life cycle costs of the electric vehicles and the conventional
   vehicles using Vensim.  The results show that by the second half of 2016,
   the electric vehicles will be more economical than the conventional
   vehicles, and with the passage of time and the progress of technologies,
   economic benefits of electric vehicles would be more significant, and then
   the electric vehicles' market could enter a period of rapid development.  ©
   (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.
DE conventional vehicle; economic evaluation; electric vehicle; system dynamics
ID commerce; industrial research; manufacture; system theory; economic
   benefits; economic comparisons; economic evaluations; economic returns; high
   costs; life cycle costs; system dynamics; system dynamics model; electric
   vehicles

---

UT 704
AR Do M, 2017, AMCIS - AM CONF SYST TRADIT INNOV, V2017-August
TI Sustainable development through holistic multi-paradigmatic integrated
   modeling and decision making
AU Do M; Sadovykh V; Sundaram D
TC 0
SO AMCIS - AM CONF SYST TRADIT INNOV
PY 2017
AB Sustainability, sustainable development, and transformation are about
   balancing the economic, environmental and social aspects of organisations
   and their operations.  Existing systems do not comprehensively support
   sustainable transformation nor do they allow decision makers to explore
   interrelationships and influences between the sustainability dimensions.
   This leads to silo based decision making where vision and strategies are not
   mapped to execution, and sustainability modelling processes are
   uncoordinated, lack holism, are biased and myopic.  One of the critical
   challenges is the lack of processes and systems that allow the integration
   of models belonging to disparate paradigms in a holistic manner.  To
   overcome these problems this research proposes a holistic, multi-
   paradigmatic, integrated modelling and decision making (HOMIMD) approach for
   sustainable development and transformation.  We apply the HOMIMD processes,
   and requirements to a warehouse management problem and leverage optimization
   (AIMMS), systems dynamics (iThink), and data mining (SPSS Modeler)
   approaches, techniques, and systems to solve the problem.  © 2017 AIS/ICIS
   Administrative Office.  All Rights Reserved.
DE data mining; decision making; development; holistic; integrated; modeling;
   optimization; sustainability; system dynamics; warehouse management
ID data mining; industrial management; information management; information
   systems; information use; models; optimization; planning; problem solving;
   social aspects; sustainable development; warehouses; development; holistic;
   integrated; system dynamics; warehouse management; decision making

---

UT 705
AR Ding H, 2014, PROC - INT CONF BUS INTELL FINANC ENG BIFE, P586, DOI
   10.1109/BIFE.2013.122
TI Simulation and optimization of decision-making of organizations' safety
   investment
AU Ding H; Zhu Y/6; Xu X/3
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF BUS INTELL FINANC ENG BIFE
PY 2014
AB system dynamics is a quantitative method used to study the complex social
   economic system by means of computer simulation technology.  In this paper,
   the system dynamics was introduced to build security economic decision-
   making model for enterprises.  With the method of system thinking, the
   influence factors of safety investment system are identified and the casual
   relationships between various factors are found to determine the internal
   influence mechanism that the safety investment impacts on the accident risk
   and economic output.  Based on accident control theory and system dynamic
   modeling system, the system of security economic decision-making was built,
   including enterprise production subsystem, employee security subsystem and
   technology and equipment subsystem.  Finally, Vensim system dynamics
   modeling software was used to simulate the built model.  Then the proportion
   of enterprises' safety resource allocation was adjusted to seek for the
   optimal investment plan.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE decision optimization; system dynamics; words-safety investment
ID accidents; decision making; decision theory; economics; system theory;
   computer simulation technology; economic decision making; enterprise
   production; safety investments; simulation and optimization; social economic
   system; system dynamics; technology and equipments; investments

---

UT 706
AR Chiocca D, 2012, STUD COMPUT INTELL, V431, P93, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-30732-4_12
TI A methodology for supporting lean healthcare
AU Chiocca D; Guizzi G; Murino T; Revetria R; Romano E
TC 25
SO STUD COMPUT INTELL
PY 2012
AB This article focused on application of Lean techniques in healthcare
   service.  In this context, the aim of this work is to demonstrate that the
   problems associated with the application in the world services of the rules
   governing production processes are only apparent.  In fact, the provision of
   a service search, like industrial production, to implement value-added
   processes and also an appropriate use of resources consumption, although
   until now it was considered that the service management should use
   management strategies completely different from those used in the industrial
   sector.  The service sector is backward compared to the manufacturing
   industry in terms of efficiency, automation, repeatability and quality.  The
   reason is very simple: the design and implementation of the process of
   service delivery have always been much less expensive than the corresponding
   activities of the manufacturing sector.  In particular, we will analyse as
   case study, vaccination service in the City District in the South of Italy.
   It will, therefore, applied the techniques of "lean" philosophy to a
   specific activity of this service in order to improve performance.  In
   particular we are going to focus on the processes of vaccines delivery among
   the various activities within the District.  We have used a new study
   approach based on simulation: using a software (Powersim), we have developed
   a model of the current state and, basing on suggestions for improvement;
   then, after this research, have noticed an improvement of critical
   performance parameters developing a model of the future state.  © Springer-
   Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2012.
DE health care service management; lean technics; system dynamics; value stream
   mapping

---

UT 707
AR Kodrat KF, 2019, INT J ADV SCI ENG TECHNOL, V9, P1885, DOI
   10.18517/ijaseit.9.6.9076
TI Supply chain performance measurement model of passion fruit agro-industry
   for sustainable micro, small, and medium enterprises with system dynamics in
   North Sumatra Province
AU Kodrat KF; Sinulingga S; Napitupulu H; Hadiguna RA
TC 8
SO INT J ADV SCI ENG TECHNOL
PY 2019
AB Supply chain management covers integrated activities of planning,
   coordinating, and controlling of all business processes and practices in the
   supply chain to meet the demands of consumers at the lowest possible cost.
   Sustainable supply chain can be achieved by taking into account three
   pillars of sustainable development, namely, economy, social, and
   environment.  Passion fruit agro-industry supply chain actors consist of
   farmers, collectors, agro-industries, and retailers.  This study aims at
   identifying factors affecting the passion fruit agro-industry supply chain
   performance for sustainable micro, small, and medium enterprises and
   designing a supply chain performance measurement model of MSME passion fruit
   agro-industry with system dynamics.  This research used a survey method
   through observations, in-depth interviews, and expert opinions.  Data were
   processed using a combination of the hard system (system dynamics analysis)
   and soft system (expert opinions).The feedback structure along the passion
   fruit syrup agro-industry system was modeled in a causal loop diagram using
   system dynamics through version 10 of Powersim Studio software.  It was then
   translated into a stock-flow diagram as the implementation of the simulation
   model.  The model was verified using a computerized statistical analysis
   (Absolute Means Error) technique.  To formulate recommendations and
   development strategy scenarios for sustainable MSME passion fruit agro-
   industry supply chain, a system approach method was used and expected to
   produce an effective and operational decision in accordance with the
   objectives previously set.  The results obtained through expert opinions and
   Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) which have the highest weight with various
   conditions for each variable.  Seven key variables were proven to influence
   the performance of passion fruit agro-industry supply chain, which were also
   used to design a sustainable MSME supply chain development scenario.  The
   behavior of the sustainable passion fruit agro-industry supply chain model
   took the form of positive growth and the error rate of 7.43. Developing a
   sustainable MSMEPFASCPM can be carried out with a moderate strategy by
   developing: 1) pattern of good relationships among the actors, 2) gradual
   increase in the availability of raw materials, 3) environmental support
   capability, 4) gradual increase of profits, 5) moderate skills, 6)
   employment opportunities, and 7) land availability.  © 2019 Insight Society.
DE agro-industry; supply chain; sustainable; system dynamics

---

UT 708
AR Shao L/1, 2018, PROCESS INTEGR OPTIM SUSTAIN, V2, P383, DOI
   10.1007/s41660-018-0049-y
TI Research on Coal Demand Problem Based on System Dynamics
AU Shao L/1; Zhao S
TC 0
SO PROCESS INTEGR OPTIM SUSTAIN
PY 2018
AB Coal is the main energy resource in China.  Predicting the dynamic trend of
   coal demand accurately plays an important role in energy consumption.  Four
   scenarios that include weak industrialization scenario, strong service
   scenario, weak industrialization scenario, and strong service scenario that
   are based on the progress of science and technology, have been set to
   regulate five key factors, consisting of natural population growth rate, GDP
   growth rate, industrial proportion, tertiary industry proportion, and
   proportion of investment in science and technology.  Based on system
   dynamics method and Vensim-PLE software, the system dynamics model of coal
   demand forecasting is built to simulate the total coal demand during
   2011–2016 and forecast the total coal demand from 2017 to 2030. The
   constructed model can better predict the future coal demand through the
   test.  In terms of total amount of coal demand, China’s coal demand has a
   trend of decreasing, which is lower than the 2016 level setting.  The total
   coal demand of scenario 2 is higher than the rest of the scenarios and the
   total coal demand of scenario 4 is the smallest.  Coal demand slows down
   under strong service sector, and inversely weak industrialization scenario,
   which is based on the progress of science and technology, can better control
   the total coal demand.  © 2018, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE prediction model; scenario analysis; system dynamics; total coal demand
ID coal; coal deposits; energy utilization; investments; population statistics;
   system theory; coal demand; energy consumption; industrialization; key
   factors; prediction modeling; problem-based; scenarios analysis; science and
   technology; system dynamics; total coal demand; forecasting

---

UT 709
AR Wu Y, 2017, CLUST COMPUT, V20, P3147, DOI 10.1007/s10586-017-1028-8
TI Spatial-temporal allocation of regional land consolidation project based on
   landscape pattern and system dynamics
AU Wu Y; Li M; Liu L; Zhang Y/4; Liu L/2; Wang L
TC 7
SO CLUST COMPUT
PY 2017
AB In order to determine the mode of spatial-temporal allocation about the
   regional land consolidation project, Qing county in Hebei province was set
   as the study area.  Based on the perspective of landscape pattern, by
   utilizing the method of system dynamics and synergetics, the influence of
   land consolidation project on landscape pattern and ecological process were
   analyzed.  By considering regional natural, environmental and social
   economic development conditions, the regional land consolidation project in
   time and space configuration model was build, which coupled the structure
   and function, time and space.  This model contains three sub-systems:
   social, economic and landscape ecological system.  Based on feedback theory,
   the level variable, rate variable, auxiliary variable and constant variable
   and other system variables were confirmed.  Then, used system dynamics
   theory the main feedback loop and secondary feedback loops in each sub-
   system were analyzed and level equations, rate equations and auxiliary
   equations of the feedback loops were built.  Thereby, the system model was
   got.  In the model, coupling and coordination degree was used to distinguish
   the total coupling and coordination condition of the system.  Used the
   actual data of research area from 2004 to 2015 as the simulation data, and
   the year of 2013 was set as the benchmark year of simulation.  All the
   relative error of the data was controlled in 2% through Vensim platform.
   The prediction system behavior from the model is the same as actual
   situation, which verified the applicability and accuracy of the model.  The
   results proved that this model can represent the dynamical evolution process
   of the coupling between the system factors.  At the time, combined with GIS
   technology, coordinated development model in dynamic scenes of the research
   area land consolidation project in time and space configuration has been
   simulated.  © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
DE land consolidation project; landscape pattern; spatial-temporal allocation;
   system dynamics
ID ecology; economic and social effects; feedback; system theory; auxiliary
   equations; auxiliary variables; dynamical evolution; land consolidations;
   landscape pattern; space configuration; spatial temporals; system dynamics;
   electric power system interconnection

---

UT 710
AR Gao G, 2019, J GLOB MANAG, V27, P189, DOI 10.4018/JGIM.2019100110
TI A systems dynamics simulation study of network public opinion evolution
   mechanism
AU Gao G; Wang T/3; Zheng X; Chen Y/5; Xu X
TC 21
SO J GLOB MANAG
PY 2019
AB The factors that affect formation and dissemination of public opinion have
   been studied for a long time.  However, the findings are disparate and
   fragmented, given the characteristics of netizens and new media in the Big
   Data era.  To this end, this article introduces eight mechanisms working on
   formation and dissemination of public opinion on network.  Based on system
   dynamics, this article further proposes a comprehensive causal relationship
   model to explore the factors affecting the consequence of public opinion on
   network.  Particularly, the role of government is taken into consideration
   in this model.  A simulation with Vensim PLE is conducted.  The results of
   the simulation indicate that group polarization among netizens, opinion
   leaders, the quantity of media audience, the frequency of media report,
   government attention, and warning mechanism for public opinion crisis affect
   the consequence of public opinion on network significantly.  Implications of
   the findings are discussed.  © 2019, IGI Global.
DE network; public opinion; simulation; system dynamics
ID networks ( circuits ); system theory; causal relationship models; network
   public opinions; public opinion crisis; public opinions; simulation; system
   dynamics; systems dynamics; warning mechanisms; social aspects

---

UT 711
AR Rudneva L, 2018, RESOUR, V7, DOI 10.3390/resources7020029
TI Scenario modelling of the "green" economy in an economic space
AU Rudneva L; Pchelintseva I; Gureva M
TC 9
SO RESOUR
PY 2018
AB The article utilizes the main elements of system analysis and the bases of
   cognitive science to analyze the concept of the "ecological and economic
   system". The characteristics of the conceptual elements of the "green"
   economy dynamic model used in the application of cognitive analysis are
   given and their mutual influence is considered.  A dynamic model of the
   "green" economy is developed, a general extended map and a reduced-
   parametric cognitive map of the development of the "green" economy in the
   economic space of the region are constructed.  Scenario modelling of the
   development of the region's "green" economy based on the intensification of
   the influence of one of the cognitive vertices of the model on the curve of
   the development of the "green" economy is carried out and described.
   Scenario modelling and development of cognitive maps are carried out using
   the software package Vensim Personal Learning Edition (PLE), which is widely
   applied in system analysis.  © 2018 by the authors.
DE green economy; cognitive maps; cognitive modeling; development of the green
   economy; economic space of the region; system dynamic model; system dynamics

---

UT 712
AR Cafferty KG, 2013, PROC ASME DES ENG TECH CONF, V2 B, DOI
   10.1115/DETC2013-13559
TI Model based biomass system design of feedstock supply systems for bioenergy
   production
AU Cafferty KG; Muth Jr DJ; Jacobson JJ; Bryden KM
TC 24
SO PROC ASME DES ENG TECH CONF
PY 2013
AB Engineering feedstock supply systems that deliver affordable, high-quality
   biomass remains a challenge for the emerging bioenergy industry.  Cellulosic
   biomass is geographically distributed and has diverse physical and chemical
   properties.  Because of this feedstock supply systems that deliver
   cellulosic biomass resources to biorefineries require integration of a broad
   set of engineered unit operations.  These unit operations include harvest
   and collection, storage, preprocessing, and transportation processes.
   Design decisions for each feedstock supply system unit operation impact the
   engineering design and performance of the other system elements.  These
   interdependencies are further complicated by spatial and temporal variances
   such as climate conditions and biomass characteristics.  This paper develops
   an integrated model that couples a SQL-based data management engine and
   systems dynamics models to design and evaluate biomass feedstock supply
   systems.  The integrated model, called the Biomass Logistics Model (BLM),
   includes a suite of databases that provide 1) engineering performance data
   for hundreds of equipment systems, 2) spatially explicit labor cost
   datasets, and 3) local tax and regulation data.  The BLM analytic engine is
   built in the systems dynamics software package PowersimTM. The BLM is
   designed to work with thermochemical and biochemical based biofuel
   conversion platforms and accommodates a range of cellulosic biomass types
   (i.e., herbaceous residues, short- rotation woody and herbaceous energy
   crops, woody residues, algae, etc.). The BLM simulates the flow of biomass
   through the entire supply chain, tracking changes in feedstock
   characteristics (i.e., moisture content, dry matter, ash content, and dry
   bulk density) as influenced by the various operations in the supply chain.
   By accounting for all of the equipment that comes into contact with biomass
   from the point of harvest to the throat of the conversion facility and the
   change in characteristics, the BLM evaluates economic performance of the
   engineered system, as well as determining energy consumption and green house
   gas performance of the design.  This paper presents a BLM case study
   delivering corn stover to produce cellulosic ethanol.  The case study
   utilizes the BLM to model the performance of several feedstock supply system
   designs.  The case study also explores the impact of temporal variations in
   climate conditions to test the sensitivity of the engineering designs.
   Results from the case study show that under certain conditions corn stover
   can be delivered to the cellulosic ethanol biorefinery for $35/dry ton.
   Copyright © 2013 by ASME.
ID cellulosic ethanol; design; digital storage; energy utilization; engines;
   feedstocks; greenhouse gasses; information management; refining; research;
   sensitivity analysis; supply chains; systems analysis; wages; bioenergy
   productions; conversion facility; economic performance; engineering
   performance; herbaceous energy crops; physical and chemical properties;
   spatial and temporal variances; transportation process; biomass

---

UT 713
AR Piao H, 2019, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V384, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/384/1/012002
TI System Dynamics Simulation of Environmental Resources in Yinchuan Plain
AU Piao H; Duan H; Zhu M/1
TC 1
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2019
AB Based on geospatial analysis, this paper studies the relationship between
   social systems and ecosystems in Yinchuan Plain through the analysis of
   environmental and resource indicators.  Firstly, the ecosystem system
   configuration model was optimized based on system dynamics (SD). Secondly,
   different development strategies were analysed through Vensim PLE combined
   with scenario simulation.  Lastly, the environmental impact factors such as
   air quality, SO2, wastewater, solid waste, energy consumption per unit
   output value, expenditure for environmental protection and green coverage
   rate in built-up area, etc were studied.  In summary, this paper provides a
   theoretical basis and realistic basis for the sustainable development of the
   Yinchuan Plain.  © 2019 IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID air quality; ecosystems; energy utilization; environmental protection; gas
   engineering; geology; planning; system theory; development strategies;
   environmental impact factors; environmental resources; geo-spatial analysis;
   scenario simulations; system configurations; system dynamics simulation;
   yinchuan plains; sustainable development

---

UT 714
AR Zargar SM, 2018, J TECHNOL MANAG, V10, P93, DOI
   10.22059/jitm.2017.228091.1962
TI A model for the acceptance of cloud computing technology using DEMATEL
   technique and system dynamics approach
AU Zargar SM; Shahriari Z
TC 3
SO J TECHNOL MANAG
PY 2018
AB Cloud computing is a new method to provide computing resources and increase
   computing power in organizations.  Despite the many benefits this method
   shares, it has not been universally used because of some obstacles including
   security issues and has become a concern for IT managers in organization.
   In this paper, the general definition of cloud computing is presented.  In
   addition, having reviewed previous studies, the researchers identified
   effective variables on technology acceptance and, especially, cloud
   computing technology.  Then, using DEMATEL technique, the effectiveness and
   permeability of the variable were determined.  The researchers also designed
   a model to show the existing dynamics in cloud computing technology using
   system dynamics approach.  The validity of the model was confirmed through
   evaluation methods in dynamics model by using VENSIM software.  Finally,
   based on different conditions of the proposed model, a variety of scenarios
   were designed.  Then, the implementation of these scenarios was simulated
   within the proposed model.  The results showed that any increase in data
   security, government support and user training can lead to the increase in
   the adoption and use of cloud computing technology.  © 2018 University of
   Tehran.  All rights reserved.
DE cloud computing; dematel technique; information technology; system dynamics;
   technology acceptance model

---

UT 715
AR Zhang Y/11, 2019, CH SAF SCI J, V29, P89, DOI
   10.16265/j.cnki.issn1003-3033.2019.03.015
TI Simulation modeling analysis of human error probability based on system
   dynamics; [基于 SD 的 HEP 仿真建模分析]
AU Zhang Y/11; Zhang M/5; Qian C; Zhao Y
TC 0
SO CH SAF SCI J
PY 2019
AB In order to deeply study the changes in HEP of petrochemical employees in
   the face of accidents, based on SD theory and method, a causal map and a
   system map were drawn for enterprise employees HEP under accidents.  Dynamic
   simulations were performed by using Vensim software to quantitatively
   analyze the dynamic evolution process of the influence of various factors on
   corporate employees' HEP. The results show that the change in HEP curve is
   divided into two different stages with 35 h as the cut-off point, that the
   main influencing factors before and after the cut-off point are risk
   cognition and personal safety commitment, and that the trend in the
   evolution of HEP can be changed by controlling the changes in different HEP
   influencing factors.  © 2019 China Safety Science Journal.  All rights
   reserved.
DE accident; human error probability ( hep ); human reliability analysis ( hra
   ); simulation; system dynamics ( sd )

---

UT 716
AR Wang H/5, 2019, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V252, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/252/5/052045
TI Research on the SD Simulation Path of Coal Economic Growth in China under
   the Perspective of Technological Innovation
AU Wang H/5; Xin M; Feng X
TC 2
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2019
AB This paper discusses the problem of sustainable economic growth under the
   dual constraint of energy and carbon emission.  Using the system dynamics
   and cobb-douglas production function, the model of sustainable economic
   growth is constructed to show the relationship between economic growth,
   energy consumption and carbon emission.  Using the system dynamics software,
   VENSIM simulated the growth path of China's economic growth, energy
   consumption and carbon emission under the background of considering
   different technologies.  Research shows that it is difficult to achieve
   sustainable economic growth without the development of technology.  China's
   economy can grow rapidly under the situation of production technology
   research and development, but it will exert great pressure on the
   environment.  The research and development of carbon emission reduction
   technology can promote the sustainable development of our economy.  © 2019
   IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID carbon; economics; emission control; energy utilization; sustainable
   development; system theory; carbon emission reductions; cobb-douglas
   production function; dual constraints; economic growths; production
   technology; research and development; sustainable economic growth;
   technological innovation; economic and social effects

---

UT 717
AR Xiao B, 2013, TECHNOL J, V12, P8088, DOI 10.3923/itj.2013.8088.8094
TI System dynamic model of enterprise cluster complex network resources
   integratability
AU Xiao B
TC 2
SO TECHNOL J
PY 2013
AB On the basis of in-depth analysis on influence factors of enterprise cluster
   complex network resources integratability system as well as interrelation
   between such factors, this study builds the causality graph and the system
   dynamic model capable of describing development and change of enterprise
   cluster complex network resources integratability, realizes the model by
   Vensim, the system dynamic modeling tool and verifies effectiveness of the
   model.  Results of the experiment show that the data from the model is quite
   identical with the actual data.  It proves that the method of system
   dynamics can effectively simulate effect of network density, network
   centricity, network structure equivalence, structural holes, social capita,
   external environment and the number of enterprise members on enterprise
   cluster complex network resources integratability.  This study will provide
   reference to the management for decision making.  © 2013 Asian Network for
   Scientific Information.
DE complex network; enterprise cluster; resources integratability; system
   dynamics
ID complex networks; decision making; dynamic models; system theory; enterprise
   cluster; external environments; in-depth analysis; integratability; network
   resource; network structures; system dynamic models; system dynamics;
   industry

---

UT 718
AR Gallo M, 2010, INT CONF SYST SCI SIMUL ENG PROC, P378
TI The simulation of hybrid logic in reverse logistic network
AU Gallo M; Murino T; Romano E
TC 8
SO INT CONF SYST SCI SIMUL ENG PROC
PY 2010
AB The work define the methodology to design, on the base of the Reverse
   Logistics Network theories, a quantitative model that simulate the mechanism
   in which the citizen waste recovery flow to the citizen collection center,
   up to the Reprocessing Center for recycling and then the disposal.  The
   model is based on System Dynamics concepts, simulated in iThinkR
   environment, in order to represent the PUSH/PULL hybrid logic for the
   management of WEEE (Waste Electrical and Electric Equipment) physical and
   informative flows.  The model will be implemented and the simulation results
   will be analysed focusing on efficiency parameters, analysing the Current
   State Map and creating the Future State Map.
DE hybrid manufacturing system; system dynamics model; vehicle routing problem;
   weee management
ID dynamics; industrial applications; logistics; manufacture; system theory;
   terminals ( electric ); waste disposal; efficiency parameters; electrical
   and electric equipments; hybrid logic; hybrid manufacturing systems;
   quantitative models; reverse logistic networks; reverse logistics network;
   simulation result; system dynamics; system dynamics model; vehicle routing
   problem; waste recoveries; weee management; computer simulation

---

UT 719
AR Yang X/5, 2016, PROC CHIN CONTROL DECIS CONF CCDC, P216, DOI
   10.1109/CCDC.2016.7530983
TI Dynamic model of population prediction based on Aging Chains
AU Yang X/5; Chen B; Chen C/1; Wang Y/4
TC 3
SO PROC CHIN CONTROL DECIS CONF CCDC
PY 2016
AB In order to control the population effectively, population prediction is
   necessary.  At abroad, foreign researchers have built Malthus model and
   Logistic model to predict the population.  In domestic researches, most
   domestic researchers use or improve above two models without their own
   research.  There is few research about population based on System Dynamics
   (SD). In this paper, the characteristic of population in our country is
   analyzed.  Then, based on SD method, we build a population prediction model,
   using Aging Chains, in consideration of aging, gender imbalance and high
   population mobility.  Finally, in order to validate the model, simulation is
   made with Vensim-PLE, using population data of Beijing.  The results are in
   good agreement with the actual data.  It provides a new approach to predict
   the population.  © 2016 IEEE.
DE aging chains; population prediction; system dynamic model

---

UT 720
AR Abdolvandi AF, 2014, WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR WATER BORDERS - PROC WORLD
   ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR, P323, DOI 10.1061/9780784413548.035
TI Conjunctive Use of Surface and Groundwater Resources Using System Dynamics
   Approach: Case Study of Namroud Dam
AU Abdolvandi AF; Parsamehr A; Babazadeh H; Eslamian S; Hosseinipour EZ
TC 3
SO WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR WATER BORDERS - PROC WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR
   CONGR
PY 2014
AB Integrated study of the surface and groundwater aids proper exploitation of
   the water resources of a region.  In this paper, the results of ongoing
   research on conjunctive use of water from Namroud dam (Iran, Tehran,
   southwest of Firoozkooh village) and surrounding aquifers using system
   dynamics approach is presented.  The impacts of dam construction on
   sustainability of groundwater resources of the region and the operational
   management approach are studied using system dynamic approach.  The method
   of system dynamics is a computer-aided approach to policy analysis and
   design.  It applies to dynamic problems arising in complex social,
   managerial, economic, or ecological systems.  In fact, any dynamic systems
   characterized by interdependence, mutual interaction, information feedback,
   and circular causality can be analyzed using system dynamics.  The system
   dynamics approach emphasizes a continuous view.  The continuous view strives
   to look beyond events to see the dynamic patterns underlying all events
   collectively.  The continuous view focuses not only on discrete decisions
   but on the totality of policy structure underlying decisions.  Events and
   decisions are seen as surface phenomena that ride on an underlying tide of
   system structure and behavior.  The system dynamic approach is a useful tool
   often used in management and planning.  The application of this tool in
   conjunctive use study of water resources of a region provides a practical
   model that can be used for any location in the world having similar
   conditions to that of the region investigated in this study.  One needs to
   merely change the input data to that derived from the characteristics of the
   desired region.  The simulation results in this study show that dam
   construction leads to overall decrease of groundwater availability over time
   and to potential aquifer storage loss due to consolidation of water-bearing
   formations in the downstream regions.  Analysis of integrated management
   alternatives can help the sustainability of the region's water resources
   either by increasing irrigation efficiency, or by proper economic planning
   to adopt cropping practices with highest return.  Three indices
   (vulnerability, sustainability, and reliability) were calculated for each of
   the four alternative scenarios.  © 2014 American Society of Civil Engineers.
DE simultaneous simulation; surface and groundwater resources; system dynamics;
   vensim
ID aquifers; computer aided analysis; dams; digital storage; groundwater;
   groundwater resources; hydrogeology; surface water resources; sustainable
   development; system theory; water management; computer aided-approach;
   irrigation efficiency; operational management; simultaneous simulation;
   system dynamics; system dynamics approach; vensim; water bearing formation;
   water resources

---

UT 721
AR Wingo P, 2017, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V94, P48, DOI 10.1016/j.envsoft.2017.03.012
TI Modular and spatially explicit: A novel approach to system dynamics
AU Wingo P; Brookes A; Bolte J
TC 6
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2017
AB The Open Modeling Environment (OME) is an open-source System Dynamics (SD)
   simulation engine which has been created as a joint project between Oregon
   State University and the US Environmental Protection Agency.  It is designed
   around a modular implementation, and provides a standardized interface for
   interacting with spatially explicit data while still supporting the standard
   SD model components.  OME can be run as a standalone simulation or as a
   plugin to a larger simulation framework, and is capable of importing Models
   from several SD model formats, including Simile model files, Vensim model
   files, and the XMILE interchange format.  While it has been released, OME is
   still under development, and a number of potential future improvements are
   discussed.  To help illustrate the utility of OME, an example model design
   process is provided as an Appendix.  © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
DE open source; simile; simulation engine; spatially-explicit; system dynamics;
   vensim; xmile
ID oregon; united states; engines; environmental protection agency; system
   theory; open sources; simile; simulation engine; spatially-explicit; system
   dynamics; vensim; xmile; design method; engine; numerical model; simulation;
   software; spatial analysis; open systems

---

UT 722
AR Božić R, 2015, MATEC WEB CONF, V35, DOI 10.1051/matecconf/20153502007
TI Contribution to the development of simulation model of ship turbine
AU Božić R; Mitrović F; Božić S
TC 0
SO MATEC WEB CONF
PY 2015
AB Simulation modelling, performed by System Dynamics Modelling Approach and
   intensive use of computers, is one of the most convenient and most
   successful scientific methods of analysis of performance dynamics of
   nonlinear and very complex natural technical and organizational systems [1].
   The purpose of this work is to demonstrate the successful application of
   system dynamics simulation modelling at analyzing performance dynamics of a
   complex system of ship's propulsion system.  Gas turbine is a complex non-
   linear system, which needs to be systematically investigated as a unit
   consisting of a number of subsystems and elements, which are linked by
   causeeffect (UPV) feedback loops (KPD), both within the propulsion system
   and with the relevant surrounding.  In this paper the authors will present
   an efficient application of scientific methods for the study of complex
   dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative simulation System
   Dynamics Methodology.  Gas turbine will be presented by a set of non-linear
   differential equations, after which mental-verbal structural models and
   flowcharts in System dynamics symbols will be produced, and the performance
   dynamics in load condition will be simulated in POWERSIM simulation
   language.  © Owned by the authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2015.
ID differential equations; gas turbines; linear systems; propulsion; ship
   propulsion; ships; system theory; complex dynamic systems; nonlinear
   differential equation; organizational system; performance dynamics;
   propulsion system; quantitative simulation; system dynamics modeling; system
   dynamics simulation; computer simulation languages

---

UT 723
AR Wang J/2, 2014, DALIAN HAISHI DAXUE XUEBAO, V40, P13
TI Economy analysis on coastal economic zone in Liaoning province based on
   system dynamics
AU Wang J/2; Wang J/9; Wang M-R
TC 0
SO DALIAN HAISHI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2014
AB The economy influence on coastal economic zone in Liaoning province was
   conducted based on system dynamics (SD), combining with input-output method,
   the multiplier, and econometrics model.  SD model was applied to analyze the
   influence on economy of coastal economic zone in Liaoning province by using
   VENSIM software.  The dynamic variation of the influences of coastal
   economic zone before year 2020 on the social economy in Liaoning province
   was obtained through basic simulation and policy simulation, and the
   influence of different policies on its development was also researched.
DE coastal economic zone in liaoning province; economy influence; input output
   method; system dynamics

---

UT 724
AR Tsalis AT, 2015, CIV ENG ENV SYST, V32, P281, DOI
   10.1080/10286608.2015.1006129
TI A dynamic sustainability Balanced Scorecard methodology as a navigator for
   exploring the dynamics and complexity of corporate sustainability strategy
AU Tsalis AT; Nikolaou EI; Grigoroudis E; Tsagarakis PK
TC 19
SO CIV ENG ENV SYST
PY 2015
AB The majority of recent empirical research regarding corporate environmental
   literature seeks to identify the potential relationships between
   environmental management practices and the financial performance of the
   firms.  In addition, another major part of the research concerns the effect
   of corporate social responsibility practices on corporate financial
   performance.  The majority of these studies focus on the effect of either
   social or environmental aspects on firms’ economic performance through
   various statistical techniques in an ex post and static base (at the end of
   year – annually). To contribute to this literature, this article aims at
   developing a dynamic sustainability Balance Scorecard methodology to
   investigate the evolutionary trends of the relationships among
   environmental, social, and economic performance of firms.  The main
   contribution is the development of an integrated mental model in order to
   improve managers’ and scholars’ comprehension of corporate sustainability
   performance.  The proposed methodology is mainly based on the corporate
   environmental and social management literature, system thinking, system
   dynamics, and Stella software.  Some computational examples are also
   presented based on three scenarios.  © 2015 Taylor & Francis.
DE corporate social responsibility; corporate-sustainability; stella software;
   system dynamics
ID economic and social effects; environmental impact; environmental management;
   system theory; corporate financial performance; corporate social
   responsibilities ( csr ); corporate-sustainability; environmental management
   practices; financial performance; statistical techniques; stella software;
   system dynamics; corporate strategy; environmental management; industrial
   performance; management practice; methodology; software; sustainability;
   sustainable development

---

UT 725
AR Barkalova TG, 2018, PROC INT BUS MANAG ASSOC CONF IBIMA - VIS SUSTAIN ECON
   DEV APPL INNOV MANAG REG EXPANS GLOB GROWTH, P7796
TI Modeling regional labor market dynamics
AU Barkalova TG; Tsaregorodtsev EI
TC 0
SO PROC INT BUS MANAG ASSOC CONF IBIMA - VIS SUSTAIN ECON DEV APPL INNOV MANAG
   REG EXPANS GLOB GROWTH
PY 2018
AB This study describes an algorithm for developing a simulation model of a
   region's labor potential.  The article shows the analysis and socio-economic
   factors affecting the labor market condition of the Volga Federal District.
   The modeling of the main demographic processes was carried out with the
   inclusion of multiplicative correction factors.  The model is implemented in
   the Vensim software based on flow diagrams and differential equations of
   system dynamics.  Verification of the model is based on comparison of the
   predicted and actual dynamics of the characteristics under study using the
   inverse method.  With the help of the model, a forecast of demographic
   determinants up to 2020 was created.  Copyright © 2018 International
   Business Information Management Association (IBIMA).
DE forecasting; labor market; simulation modeling; system dynamics; vensim
ID commerce; computer simulation; differential equations; economic and social
   effects; employment; forecasting; information management; population
   statistics; system theory; inverse methods; labor markets; multiplicative
   corrections; simulation model; socio-economic factor; system dynamics;
   vensim; vensim softwares; inverse problems

---

UT 726
AR Zhao Z, 2014, INT CONF MECHATRONICS ELECTRON IND CONTROL ENG MEIC, P552
TI A system dynamics evaluation model of avionics fuel control system
AU Zhao Z; Zhou D; Sun Y/1; Li H/5
TC 1
SO INT CONF MECHATRONICS ELECTRON IND CONTROL ENG MEIC
PY 2014
AB Avionics fuel control system, which is applied for delivering fuel to an
   engine in modern aircraft system, is difficult to study, design, and
   implement due to the high-security measures and the need for standard
   certification.  To evaluate the complex dynamics involved in implementing
   fuel regulating for aircraft fuel system, a quantifiable evaluation model
   for avionics fuel control system based on system dynamics theory is
   developed in this paper.  Firstly, the speed and flow regulation process is
   briefly introduced in an avionics fuel control system.  Then, based on these
   operation principles, the analytic relations among the system state
   variables are provided, which come into being the system dynamics evaluation
   model.  According to these analytic relations, the evalutation model is
   realized and simulated using Vensim tool.  The simulation result shows that
   this model can be used efficiently in modeling and evaluating of avionic
   fuel control system for its clear causality, suitable complexity, and exact
   describe characteristics.  © 2014. The authors - Published by Atlantis
   Press.
DE aircraft; avionics fuel control system; modeling and evaluating; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID aircraft; avionics; control systems; control theory; flight control systems;
   fuel systems; fuels; system theory; aircraft systems; complex dynamics;
   evaluation modeling; fuel control; high securities; system dynamics; system
   state variables; vensim; aircraft control

---

UT 727
AR Elizondo-Noriega A/1, 2019, INT ANNU CONF PROC SOC ENG MANAG MEET CELEBR
   SYST APPROACH ENG MANAG SOLUT ASEM
TI AN analysis of the state-of-the-art on calibration techniques for replicates
   of system dynamics models
AU Elizondo-Noriega A/1; Beruvides MG; Tiruvengadam N; Guëmes-Castorena D;
   Tercero-Gómez VG
TC 3
SO INT ANNU CONF PROC SOC ENG MANAG MEET CELEBR SYST APPROACH ENG MANAG SOLUT
   ASEM
PY 2019
AB System Dynamics (SD)-based simulation is gaining ground as simulation itself
   becomes increasingly embedded in the decision-making process.  Given the
   wide availability of simulation software like Vensim and Simulink, complex
   systems can now be constructed, deconstructed, and replicated with ease
   unlike in the past.  The concomitant increase in the need to calibrate SD
   models has not been addressed sufficiently in the literature, however, with
   a majority of the existing research efforts being expended towards the
   creation of new models based on available data.  Vensim, for instance, has a
   model calibration tool referred to as 'Reality Check' (RC) that focuses on
   calibration in regard to point estimates.  It is limited in that it does not
   provide a protocol of calibration and therefore its calibration
   effectiveness is debatable.  In fact, when applying RC to a model replicate,
   two problems emerge: (1) availability of historical information that the
   original was modeled on and (2) introduction of unwanted errors into the
   model by the RC process.  To lay the foundations for an informed approach to
   calibration of model replicates, this work performs a systematic literature
   review of calibration techniques.  The results suggest that cross-
   pollination of ideas from diverse fields of research can richly inform a
   robust approach to calibration of SD model replicates.  © American Society
   for Engineering Management, 2019.
DE model robustness; replicability; systematic review
ID decision making; system theory; calibration techniques; decision making
   process; historical information; model calibration; robust approaches;
   simulation software; system dynamics model; systematic literature review;
   computer software

---

UT 728
AR Wang C/5, 2018, PROC INST CIV ENG MUNIC ENG, V171, P185, DOI
   10.1680/jmuen.16.00044
TI System dynamics simulation on municipal solid waste in Hong Kong
AU Wang C/5
TC 3
SO PROC INST CIV ENG MUNIC ENG
PY 2018
AB The municipal solid waste (MSW) generation in Hong Kong (HK) is increasing
   at a rapid pace, resulting in health and environmental issues for the
   public.  Compared with Singapore and Shanghai, HK has a higher MSW
   generation rate due to less effective measures and government policies.  To
   forecast the MSW generation and recycling in HK, system dynamics modelling
   was conducted using Vensim 6.0, based on the data collected from semi-
   structured interviews and official reports in the Environmental Protection
   Department of HK, the National Environmental Agency Singapore and Shanghai
   Environmental Protection Agency that regularly provide statistics on waste
   outputs.  The simulation results show that shortly the MSW in HK will
   increase based on the current growth rates, and along with that, recycling
   will also increase.  The recycling rates will offset that of the MSW
   generation due to the closure of landfills, and MSW will be effectively
   recycled due to more advanced disposal techniques.  The strategies developed
   by the HK government will be able to manage the MSW disposal, but the city
   will experience more severe MSW conditions in the future as its landfills
   are expected to close earlier than planned.  Recommendations for HK to deal
   with MSW generation were derived from the experiences in Singapore and
   Shanghai.  © 2018 ICE Publishing.  All rights reserved.
DE dynamics; landfills; waste management  and  disposal
ID china; hong-kong; shanghai; singapore [ southeast asia ]; dynamics;
   environmental protection agency; land fill; recycling; system theory;
   environmental agency; environmental issues; environmental protection
   departments; msw generation rates; municipal solid waste ( msw ); semi
   structured interviews; system dynamics modeling; system dynamics simulation;
   comparative study; environmental protection; landfill; municipal solid
   waste; policy making; recycling; systems analysis; waste disposal; waste
   management; municipal solid waste

---

UT 729
AR Nair PR, 2016, INDIAN J SCI TECHNOL, V9, DOI 10.17485/ijst/2016/v9i30/99063
TI An investigation on the benefits of ICT deployment in Supply Chain
   Management (SCM)
AU Nair PR; Anbuudayasankar SP
TC 12
SO INDIAN J SCI TECHNOL
PY 2016
AB Objective: The objective of the paper is to investigate the influence of
   deployment of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) tools in a
   supply chain context.  Methods/Analysis: The influence of deployment of ICT
   in Supply Chain Management (SCM) is studied using System Dynamics (SD)
   methodology using the tool, Causal Loop Diagram (CLD) using software Vensim.
   Findings: SCM discipline is grappled with dynamic and operational changes
   and challenges and this unpredictability can be understood better using SD.
   ICT capabilities fundamentally improve supply chain integration and
   performance.  ICT adoption for SCM improves collaboration, workflow and
   decision-making which lead to cost savings; improved operational efficiency
   and inventory visibility.  One process in SCM namely inventory control is
   described using SD. Introduction of a parameter, ICT capability dramatically
   changes the context and gives rise to new positive feedback loops
   Novelty/Improvements: The paper uses CLD for ICT influence on SCM process of
   inventory control.  This can be extended for all supply chain management
   processes in both planning and execution.  Case studies with the influence
   of specific ICT tools like RFID, Cloud, Social Media, Business Analytics,
   Mobile technology and Multi-agent systems are also possibilities for
   extending the study.  Supply chain managers can deliberate on decisions,
   strategy, issues and policy by developing scenarios using SD tools and
   software packages.  However the research limitation is that this is a
   simulation in a specific supply chain context.  Generalization of this
   scenario may not be possible.
DE causal loop diagram ( cld ); information and communication technology ( ict
   ); inventory; supply chain management ( scm ) ict; system dynamics ( sd )

---

UT 730
AR Pushkar O, 2019, IEEE INT SCI-PRACT CONF PROBL INFOCOMMUNICATIONS SCI
   TECHNOL PIC - PROC, P123, DOI 10.1109/PICST47496.2019.9061306
TI Methods of providing information security of a multimedia publishing company
AU Pushkar O; Hrabovskyi Y
TC 2
SO IEEE INT SCI-PRACT CONF PROBL INFOCOMMUNICATIONS SCI TECHNOL PIC - PROC
PY 2019
AB In the present work an author provided methodical fundamentals of providing
   information security of a multimedia publishing company in the process of
   added value formation.  The study considers the value added of multimedia
   publishing as the difference between publishing output and intermediate
   consumption.  It is proposed to allocate the parameters that affect the
   value added, to study the mechanism of its formation and selection of
   parameters in order to maximize the added value of multimedia publishing.On
   account of mathematical programming tools, the author solved the task of
   elaborating the financial development program of a multimedia publishing
   company.  Based on the use of the system dynamics method, the simulation
   model of added value formation of a multimedia publishing company was
   created.  The researcher studied the risk management issue of a multimedia
   publishing company.  In order to understand the model's efficiency and its
   appropriateness in the company's operation process it is necessary to
   conduct a computer experiment with the model on the set of initial data in
   the Vensim PLE 5.0 environment.  © 2019 IEEE.
DE added value; information security; risks
ID computer aided software engineering; mathematical programming; risk
   management; security of data; added values; computer experiment; financial
   development; management issues; operation process; simulation model; system
   dynamics; multimedia systems

---

UT 731
AR Peeters P, 2014, UNDERST GOV SUSTAIN TOUR MOB PSYCHOL BEHAV APPROACHES,
   P184, DOI 10.4324/9780203771501-21
TI Developing a long- term global tourism transport model using a behavioural
   approach: Implications for sustainable tourism policy making
AU Peeters P
TC 1
SO UNDERST GOV SUSTAIN TOUR MOB PSYCHOL BEHAV APPROACHES
PY 2014
AB Tourism emits 5 per cent of anthropogenic carbon dioxide emissions of which
   about 75 per cent is caused by tourism transport (Scott et al., 2010). If
   historic developments continue, it will be very difficult for tourism to
   significantly reduce its emissions to a sustainable level (Scott et al.,
   2010). Technology-based efficiency improvements have so far been outpaced by
   volume and demand growth (Ch’eze et al., 2011; Owen et al., 2010; Sgouridis
   et al., 2010). Therefore, changes in demand and travel behaviour will be
   inevitable to achieve sustainable tourism development with respect to
   climate change.  Further, most current tourism studies cover only
   international trips, just 16 per cent of all global tourism trips (Peeters
   and Dubois, 2010). Finally, a long-term horizon is needed, up to at least
   the year 2100 in most climate scenarios (Girod et al., 2009; Girod et al.,
   2012; IPCC, 2000; Rogelj et al., 2011) and even up to 2300 (Moss et al.,
   2010). The main reasons for such a long-term focus in climate change scen
   arios are the “long-term (decades to centuries) trends in energy-and landuse
   patterns” and because of “the slow response of the climate system
   (centuries) to changing concentrations of greenhouse gases” (Moss et al.,
   2010, p.  748). Most existing tourism demand models (Lim, 1997) and many
   tourism scenario studies cover only time horizons of 15-20 years (e.g.
   Forum for the Future, 2009; Schwaninger, 1984; UNWTO, 2011; WTO, 1998). Only
   a few studies take wider horizons, all dedicated to tourism and climate
   change (Ceron and Dubois, 2007; Mayor and Tol, 2010; Müller and Weber,
   2007). Suitable systembased models for global tourism do not exist.
   Econometric models find increasing validity problems when describing longer-
   term futures; the coefficients defining such models are statistically
   derived, but not necessarily founded in the real world mechanisms of
   behaviour.  This chapter’s goal is to create a tourism travel behaviour
   model founded in system dynamics, product diffusion and psychological
   mechanisms.  System dynamics can model systems that lack data, proven
   theoretical foundations and need longer simulation periods (Sterman, 2000).
   The chapter explores a way to develop a novel tourism behaviour model that
   describes travel behaviour in terms of trips and distances travelled per
   transport mode at the global scale.  Tourism’s CO2 emissions are, for a
   given level of technology, determined by trip numbers, distances travelled
   and transport mode (Peeters and Dubois, 2010). Therefore the model must
   provide estimates of trip numbers and distances per transport mode.
   Important model inputs are travel cost, travel time, income distribution,
   GDP/capita and population.  Secondary inputs are transport infrastructure
   and technology that will affect both travel cost and travel time.  The
   behavioural model has been created and tested with a dynamic version of the
   Global Tourism Transport Model (GTTMdyn). Two versions of GTTMdyn preceded
   the dynamic version: a basic version, GTTMbas programmed with Excel, with
   linear extrapolations and an advanced version, GTTMadv, programmed in
   Powersim Studio (version 7), mainly based on linear projections but with
   automatic scenario generation capabilities used for back-casting towards
   certain emission goals.  The GTTMbas and GTTMadv models are described by
   Dubois et al.  (2011) and Peeters and Dubois (2010). The ultimate goal of
   the GTTMdyn model is to provide insights into the impacts of tourism on
   greenhouse gas emissions and the effectiveness of policies to mitigate those
   emissions.  The model will cover the period up to the year 2100. A
   consequence of that long time span is that we will need to calibrate the
   model over a similar period, i.e.  from 1900 to 2005. The model must be able
   to handle the development of a completely new transport mode, civil air
   transport, that became available from c.  1920 (Ananthasayanam, 2003).
   Furthermore, GTTMdyn should be able to handle a wide range of policies
   governing travel cost, time or speed, infrastructure capacity and
   psychological factors in decision-making processes of tourists (Schäfer,
   2012). The long-term and global character of GTTMdyn forms a challenging
   combination to the behavioural (demand) part of the model (Schäfer, 2012). A
   common approach in transport modelling is the “four-stage” model (Bates,
   2008). The stages are trip generation, trip distribution, modal split and
   assignment to the grid or infrastructure.  In GTTMdyn we need the trip
   generation, distribution and mode-choice stages, but not the grid assignment
   stage, as detailed global networks are not defined in the model for the main
   transport modes.  In most transport models trip generation is a function of
   population characteristics including income, age, household and trip
   properties such as motive.  Generalised cost (a combination of cost and
   monetised travel time and sometimes discomfort) is ideally taken into
   account, but often ignored (Bates, 2008). Trip distribution and modal choice
   generally are modelled as (multinomial) logit models (Bates, 2008).
   Multinomial logit models are used in many studies for tourism demand
   (Huybers, 2003; Lyons et al., 2009; Nicolau, 2008) and tourism transport
   demand (Bieger et al., 2007; Pettebone et al., 2011). Such models determine
   the probability of choice for each alternative using an exponential function
   of utility (Morley, 1994; Papatheodorou, 2006). Another line of modelling is
   based on the use of constant elasticity for travel cost and travel time
   (Schäfer, 2012). Schäfer (2012) shows that most large-scale transport models
   use a constant elasticity of substitution (CES) or price elasticity as the
   basic demand function, and in some cases, additionally, a logit type of
   model to govern distribution of trips over transport modes.  Distances are
   generally determined from distances between (world) regions as given by
   Schäfer (2012, p.  31). The problem with elasticity-based models is that
   elasticities are more a statistical artefact than a factor that represents
   any specific “psychological” behaviour.  Elasticities differ when taken over
   different time periods and general validity is low which is shown by the
   very wide range of values obtained from different studies for the same kind
   of behaviour, e.g.  choice between air and car transport (Oum et al., 2008).
   The kinds of modelling described above are founded in the standard economic
   model (SEM). The main axioms of SEM are that economic agents make rational
   decisions, are motivated by utility maximisation, are purely selfish, ignore
   the impact on others’ utility, are Bayesian probability operators, have
   consistent time preferences (i.e.  the discount rate is constant over time)
   and consider all income and assets to be completely fungible or freely
   interchangeable (Wilkinson, 2008, p.  5). Mounting criticism of SEM claims
   that almost none of the above axioms seems to be valid in the real world and
   result in different strands of thinking like behavioural economics
   (Wilkinson, 2008) including prospect theory (Kahneman and Tversky, 1979),
   evolutionary economics (Dopfer, 2005) and ecological economics (Daly and
   Farley, 2004). It seems risky, specifically in the context of a systems
   model for a long-term analysis, to ignore known discrepancies in human
   economic behaviour.  Therefore, the behavioural model of GTTMdyn has been
   founded on insights from prospect theory (Kahneman, 2011; Kahneman and
   Tversky, 1979) as will be further elaborated in the next section.  © 2014
   Editorial matter and selection: Scott A. Cohen, James E.S. Higham, Paul
   Peeters and Stefan Gössling.

---

UT 732
AR Liu Y/1, 2019, XI TONG CHENG YU DIAN ZI JI SHU/SYST ENG ELECTRON, V41,
   P2807, DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1001-506X.2019.12.20
TI System dynamics model of stakeholders in manned spaceflight space
   applications; [载人航天空间应用利益相关者系统动力学模型]
AU Liu Y/1; Yang Y; Yan X; Tian Y; Li Y/8
TC 0
SO XI TONG CHENG YU DIAN ZI JI SHU/SYST ENG ELECTRON
PY 2019
AB Based on a qualitative analysis about structure and relationships of the
   stakeholders of manned spaceflight, the system dynamics model of the manned
   spaceflight space application stakeholders is constructed by establishing
   the causal relationship model of the stakeholders in the research and
   development stage and the application stage respectively.  Based on the
   model, the computer simulation tool Vensim is used to simulate, the
   sensitivity analysis is carried out, and the output results are discussed.
   A scientific ranking is maked based on the degree of influence of
   stakeholders in the manned space application system.  The results show that
   the influence degree of the stakeholders is in the order of the manned
   spaceflight space applications users, administration departments, government
   departments, and technicians, resources and products competitors,
   development partners, research and development application upstream
   suppliers, industry organizations, mass media and social public.  © 2019,
   Editorial Office of Systems Engineering and Electronics.  All right
   reserved.
DE manned spaceflight space application; stakeholder; system dynamics model
ID public administration; sensitivity analysis; space applications; system
   theory; causal relationship models; government departments; influence
   degree; manned space applications; qualitative analysis; research and
   development; stakeholder; system dynamics model; manned space flight

---

UT 733
AR Ogano NO, 2017, SOUTH AFR J IND ENG, V28, P20, DOI 10.7166/28-1-1607
TI Analysis of policy options for projects in the electricity sector in sub-
   Saharan Africa: A system dynamics approach
AU Ogano NO; Pretorius L
TC 4
SO SOUTH AFR J IND ENG
PY 2017
AB Many projects in the electricity energy sector in Africa’s sub-Saharan
   region experience delays and challenges to quality, leading to frequent
   power outages that slow overall economic activity and frustrate investor
   confidence in the region.  This paper presents the systemic methods employed
   to evaluate the dynamic consequences of policies in electricity energy
   sector projects in the region.  The model uses the Vensim software to carry
   out the simulations.  A range of illustrative scenarios are provided and
   analysed, and the paper compares and contrasts these different scenarios.
   The results show that there is merit in improving project management
   competence in the region.  A shortage of commissioning engineers also
   emerged as a major problem in the projects, leading to multi-tasking as the
   few existing commissioning engineers move from one project to another.  To
   address this weakness, the study proposes that contracting firms be
   compelled to employ a higher proportion of commissioning engineers.  © 2017,
   South African Institute of Industrial Engineering.  All rights reserved.
ID economics; engineers; investments; project management; contracting firms;
   electricity sector; overall economic activity; policy options; project
   management competence; sub-saharan africa; system dynamics approach; vensim
   softwares; outages

---

UT 734
AR Wen L, 2015, J COMPUT SCI, V12, P3431, DOI 10.12733/jics20106019
TI Systematic dynamics method for scenario simulation analysis of urban traffic
   CO2 emissions in baoding
AU Wen L; Cao Y; Weng J
TC 1
SO J COMPUT SCI
PY 2015
AB With the strategy of low-carbon pilot city proceeding in China, the
   objective of this study is to identify simulated-variation tendency of urban
   traffic carbon emission under various policy focus and provide emission-
   cutting recommendations relatively in Baoding.  System dynamics is based on
   the cause- and-effect analysis and feedback loops structures, including two
   sub-models: vehicles quantity and CO2 emissions using Vensim PLE software
   from 2006 to 2013. With an innovative exploration, this study employs system
   dynamics to carry out scenario numerical-simulation analysis, more
   specifically: establishing system dynamics model, analyzing scenario
   numerical-simulation results under different changed parameters and
   suggesting improvement proposal, making comparison and analysis.  Result
   provides simulated data of energy consumption and carbon emissions and
   indicates the differences under different urban development strategies.
   Typically, large utilization of Liquefied Natural Gas vehicle (LNG) bus in
   urban transportation could reduce CO2 emissions considerably.  Controlling
   vehicle quantity to improve the sustainability of transportation system are
   significant.  ©, 2015, Journal of Information and Computational Science.
   All right reserved.
DE co2 emissions; scenario numerical simulation; system dynamics; urban traffic
ID carbon; carbon dioxide; energy utilization; gas emissions; liquefied natural
   gas; natural gas transportation; natural gas vehicles; numerical models;
   petroleum prospecting; system theory; urban growth; cause-and-effect
   analysis; co2 emissions; comparison and analysis; numerical simulation
   analysis; system dynamics; system dynamics model; transportation system;
   urban traffic; urban transportation

---

UT 735
AR Zhou X/2, 2011, ADV INTELL SOFT COMPUT, V105, P681, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-23756-0_109
TI Research on simulation of logistic impact on the environment based on system
   dynamics
AU Zhou X/2; Liu N; Wang G
TC 1
SO ADV INTELL SOFT COMPUT
PY 2011
AB The rapid development of the logistics industry is going to have some
   negative impact on environment.  How the development of logistics industry
   influences the environment with the concept of environmental costs is
   discussed.  Also, a simulating model combined with economic, logistics and
   environmental system is set up.  VENSIM is used to simulate and to predict
   the amount of investment need to be made on environmental pollution
   treatment.  The result can be used for policy making.  © 2011 Springer-
   Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
DE environment pollution; logistics; simulation; system dynamics
ID intelligent systems; pollution; system theory; environment pollution;
   environmental costs; environmental pollutions; environmental systems; impact
   on the environment; logistics industry; negative impacts; policy making;
   rapid development; simulation; system dynamics; computer simulation

---

UT 736
AR Garbolino E, 2019, ADV SCI TECH SEC APPL, P31, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-96259-7_2
TI Systems dynamics applied to the analysis of risk at an industrial
   installation
AU Garbolino E; Chéry J-P; Guarnieri F
TC 0
SO ADV SCI TECH SEC APPL
PY 2019
AB This chapter presents a framework for the implementation of the dynamic
   modelling of systems to support risk management at an industrial facility.
   This approach, implemented using the STELLA® software package, provides the
   decision maker with a way to model a system and simulate its behaviour over
   time.  It takes a dynamic approach to the analysis of industrial risks,
   based on four complementary stages that facilitate detailed analyses and the
   continuous improvement of risk management (Fig.  2.1): Design of the dynamic
   model and simulation of system behaviour: This stage involves: identifying
   the variables that describe the state of continuously interacting system
   components; defining hypotheses that establish the interactions with a view
   to formalizing the proposed system; developing a model of causal
   relationships between variables; formulating these relationships as
   differential equations; and implementing them in software (Forrester 1961;
   Donnadieu and Karsky 2002).Comprehensive failure analysis: This stage uses a
   classical risk analysis method, HAZOP (Andrews and Moss 2002). This method
   is used to try to identify all potential failures.  Using the dynamic model,
   potential changes in the system’s behaviour can be analysed.Comprehensive
   simulation of the consequences of failures: This stage uses the PHAST®
   software package (see the DNV website) to simulate hazardous phenomena
   (toxic emissions, overpressure, thermal flows, etc.) and assess their
   potential consequences.Testing of prevention and protection methods: This
   stage consists of assessing the effectiveness of prevention, protection and
   backup measures.  It makes it possible to define new measures, if necessary.
   The model can then be re-developed based on the assumption that the
   identified prevention and protection measures have been implemented
   (Garbolino et al.  2009). © Springer International Publishing AG, part of
   Springer Nature 2019.

---

UT 737
AR Jiang D, 2015, NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V31, P1, DOI
   10.11975/j.issn.1002-6819.2015.17.001
TI Simulation of cultivated land conversion trend and its effect on carbon
   budget in China
AU Jiang D; Li X/7; Qu F; Yan J; Wang Y/7; Zhang S/1; Shi X/1; He G
TC 5
SO NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2015
AB Along with the rapid industrialization and urbanization, China is undergoing
   increasingly aggravated cultivated land conversion.  Consequently, it causes
   great damage to environment and the worsening of the greenhouse effect.
   Therefore, this paper puts the cultivated land conversion and carbon budget
   into a unified framework, and uses the system dynamics method to simulate
   and measure the carbon budget change caused by the farmland conversion from
   1996 to 2020. Using the system dynamics software Vensim, the carbon budget
   system model based on cultivated land conversion is built, which emphasizes
   the population subsystem, economic subsystem, cultivated land subsystem and
   construction land subsystem.  Then the dynamic behavior of each system is
   simulated and the change law is revealed.  Firstly, through simulating and
   comparing the data of the cultivated land and construction land from 1996 to
   2020, it is found that the cultivated land conversion is concentrated in the
   eastern region, and the area of China's cultivated land is decreasing while
   the construction land is increasing.  The simulation results indicate that
   the area of cultivated land has reduced from 1.293×108 hm2 in 1996 to
   1.204×108 hm2 in 2020, and the construction land has increased from
   2.407×107 to 3.073×107 hm2. Secondly, in the process of simulating the
   national carbon budget, the paper mainly selects the 4 variables which are
   construction land green area, ecological restoration, cultivated land and
   construction land.  And their carbon sink/source correlation coefficients
   are obtained from previous research.  The carbon budget measurement shows
   that from 1996 to 2020, the carbon sink based on national cultivated land
   conversion reduces from 7.90×108 to 7.48×108 t, the carbon source increases
   from 9.34×109 to 1.17×1010 t, and the national carbon budget of the
   cultivated land conversion generally presents that the carbon expenditure
   increases from 8.55×109 to 1.10×1010 t.  Thirdly, the paper divides China
   into 4 regions (northeast, east, center and west) and makes regional
   comparison.  The selection and estimation of parameters are similar to the
   whole country.  The regional simulation results show that the carbon
   expenditure in the east is 3.569×109 t, in the west is 2.065×109 t, in the
   central is 1.991×109 t, and in the northeast is 8.99×108 t in 1996; and in
   the year 2020, the carbon expenditure in the east is 5.029×109 t, in the
   west is 2.261×109 t, and in the central is 2.216×109 t, and in the northeast
   is 1.084×109 t.  And the capacity of carbon sink will be decreasing in 4
   regions, the carbon source will be increasing significantly in future, and
   the carbon budget will present carbon expenditure which is predicted to
   increase but the increase is not huge.  By comparison, the carbon source and
   carbon budget in east will increase mostly.  The carbon sink, carbon source
   and carbon budget will be stable in northeast.  So, the imbalance status of
   carbon budget in China is mainly caused by the eastern region.  ©, 2015,
   Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering.  All right reserved.
DE carbon; carbon sink; carbon source; china; cultivated land conversion;
   emission control; land use
ID budget control; emission control; greenhouse effect; land use; system
   theory; carbon sink; carbon source; china; construction land; correlation
   coefficient; cultivated lands; ecological restoration; estimation of
   parameters; carbon

---

UT 738
AR Wang H/2, 2013, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V398 PART I, P435, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-45025-9_43
TI A system dynamic based utilization effectiveness assessment method of marine
   functional zones in Qindao, China
AU Wang H/2; Li M/8; Hu N; Gao Y/5
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2013
AB The marine functional zoning (MFZ) for China is a new large-scale,
   ecosystem-based zoning policy for management of development and use in the
   marine environment.  The system dynamic (SD) method is used to evaluate the
   utilization effectiveness of existed marine functional zones (MFZs)
   quantitatively for China.  As a case study, an impact assessment system is
   constructed to obtain the cause and effect feedback chart of the mariculture
   functional zones in Qingdao city, China.  A feedback SD model and the main
   control loops are developed to analyze the utilization effectiveness of the
   mariculture functional zones.  Vensim software is applied to the assessment
   for the mariculture functional zones of Qingdao.  Analysis results and
   simulations are presented to verify and validate the proposed model.  ©
   Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2013.
DE marine functional zoning; marine policy; system dynamics; utilization
   effectiveness
ID computer simulation; ecosystems; natural resources management; resource
   allocation; zoning; cause and effects; effectiveness assessment; functional
   zoning; impact assessments; marine environment; marine policy; system
   dynamics; vensim softwares; marine biology

---

UT 739
AR Xue C/1, 2017, PROCEDIA ENG, V174, P232, DOI 10.1016/j.proeng.2017.01.125
TI Influence Factor Analysis of Enterprise IT Innovation Capacity Based on
   System Dynamics
AU Xue C/1; Xu Y
TC 8
SO PROCEDIA ENG
PY 2017
AB Highly innovative information system is essential for enterprises to
   efficiently apply information so as to gain competitive advantage.  To this
   end, aiming at increase IT innovation capacity, this paper studies the
   influence factors of IT innovation capacity.  First, based on system
   dynamics, the influencing factors of enterprise IT innovation capacity are
   analyzed as well as the internal logic relationships among the factors.
   Then, the influencing factors' system dynamics model of IT innovative
   capacity is established and Vensim PLE software is utilized to simulate the
   model.  Finally, different quantitative tests are carried out and simulated
   on the university-industry cooperation, IT personnel and enterprise R&D
   investment.  The simulation results show that university-industry
   cooperation, IT personnel and enterprise R&D investment have different
   effects on the development capability of IT system at different times, and
   the development capability of IT system plays an indirect role between IT
   resources and IT innovation capacity, and it is excavated by the
   internalization of IT resources.  The study is significant for enterprises
   to accelerate the formation of IT innovation capacity.  © 2017 The Authors.
DE development capability of enterprise it system; it innovation capacity; it
   personnel; r and d investment; university-industry cooperation
ID competition; investments; manufacture; system theory; competitive advantage;
   enterprise it; influence factor analysis; innovative capacity; it
   innovation; quantitative tests; system dynamics model; university
   industries; personnel

---

UT 740
AR Boyko AA, 2019, J PHYS CONF SER, V1353, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1353/1/012123
TI Imitation-dynamic model for calculating the efficiency of the financial
   leverage
AU Boyko AA; Kukartsev VV/1; Eremeev DV; Tynchenko VS; Bukhtoyarov VV; Stupina
   AA
TC 17
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2019
AB The article presents a simulation-dynamic model for calculating the
   financial leverage efficiency level.  The model was developed on the basis
   of the system dynamics method using Powersim Studio tools.  In the
   constructed model, the calculations were carried out on the example of PJSC
   «Koks», one of the largest Russian producers and exporters of metallurgical
   coke.  The model was used as a tool to study the capital structure of the
   enterprise.  As a result of the experiments, the level values of financial
   leverage efficiency, differential of financial leverage and financial
   leverage ratio were calculated.  On the basis of the calculations, the
   conclusions were made about the quality of management of borrowed capital in
   the enterprise.  In addition the assessment of the developed model of
   financial leverage efficiency was carried out; as a result of the
   assessment, both the model advantages and its disadvantages were indicated.
   © 2019 Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID dynamic models; efficiency; industrial research; manufacture; metallurgical
   coke; capital structure; developed model; efficiency levels; imitation
   dynamics; system dynamics; finance

---

UT 741
AR Simonetto EDO, 2014, PROD, V24, P212, DOI 10.1590/S0103-65132013005000034
TI Systems dynamics simulations for evaluating scenarios of urban solid waste
   generation and disposal; [Simulação baseada em system dynamics para
   avaliação de cenários sobre geração e disposição de resíduos sólidos
   urbanos]
AU Simonetto EDO; Löbler ML
TC 7
SO PROD
PY 2014
AB This paper presents the development, validation and application of a
   simulation model using a systems dynamics methodology, which allows users
   and managers to evaluate and analyze scenarios in the context of urban solid
   waste generation and disposal.  The developed model accounts for the
   following rates and parameters: rate of natural increase (birth rates and
   death rates), percentage of urban solid waste sent to each type of final
   disposal site and the amount of waste generated per capita.  The simulated
   scenarios consider three distinct situations: (a) the current scenario with
   varying rates, (b) the current scenario with fixed rates and (c) a scenario
   with rates similar to those of the Netherlands.  The model was validated
   through the analysis of future scenarios for a municipality in southern
   Brazil.  Vensim-Ventana Systems was employed for the system modeling and
   development.
DE computational simulation; decision making process; solid waste; solid waste
   management; system dynamics

---

UT 742
AR Song Y, 2016, TONGJI DAXUE XUEBAO, V44, P473, DOI
   10.11908/j.issn.0253-374x.2016.03.022
TI Simulation and influencing factors analysis of automotive industry
   innovation ecosystem
AU Song Y; You J; Luan Q
TC 1
SO TONGJI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2016
AB Based on the theory of innovation ecosystem and system dynamics, this paper
   constructs the model of automotive industry innovation ecosystem.  Using the
   Vensim PLE to optimize the model, with Shanghai automotive industry for
   example, this paper analyzes the development trend of automotive industry
   innovation ecosystem, under the different level of government guidance,
   research and development spending, and industrial investment within a
   certain range.  The results show that: the rank of effects of three
   indicators from strong to weak is research and development spending,
   industrial investment, and government guidance.  In the early stage of
   industry development, the industry added value was sensitive with the change
   of government guidance, but excessive government guidance would cause
   negative impact.  With the improvement of market mechanism, the effect of
   governance factors will be weak gradually.  © 2016, Science Press.  All
   right reserved.
DE automotive industry; innovation ecosystem; simulation; system dynamics
ID ecology; economics; ecosystems; industrial research; research and
   development management; system theory; government guidances; industrial
   investments; industry development; influencing factors analysis; research
   and development; shanghai automotive; simulation; system dynamics;
   automotive industry

---

UT 743
AR Luan K, 2010, ICLEM LOGIST SUSTAIN ECON DEV - INFRASTRUCT INTEGR - PROC INT
   CONF LOGIST ENG MANAG, V387, P3619, DOI 10.1061/41139(387)504
TI Simulation of freight consolidation strategy based on system dynamics
AU Luan K
TC 1
SO ICLEM LOGIST SUSTAIN ECON DEV - INFRASTRUCT INTEGR - PROC INT CONF LOGIST
   ENG MANAG
PY 2010
AB Freight consolidation is a distribution strategy which can reduce
   transportation costs associated with small shipments.  Traditional model of
   freight consolidation adopts quantitative analysis.  In this paper, a method
   of system dynamics is used to analyze the operation status of influence
   factors and search the advantage of implementing freight consolidation.  A
   system dynamic simulation model of freight consolidation is built by Vensim
   version 5.4d.  The outputs show that freight consolidation tends to increase
   the freight capacity of single vehicle, the vehicle loading ratio, and the
   profit of freight.  It can also decrease the amount of freight vehicle cost
   and the freight cost of goods.  © 2010 ASCE.
DE costs; freight transportation; logistics; simulation
ID computer simulation; costs; profitability; system theory; distribution
   strategies; freight capacity; freight costs; freight vehicle; influence
   factors; operation status; quantitative analysis; simulation; system
   dynamics; transportation cost; vehicle loading; freight transportation

---

UT 744
AR Zhu Y/1, 2016, DESALIN WATER TREAT, V57, P505, DOI
   10.1080/19443994.2014.972466
TI System dynamics modeling and simulation of a coagulation–ultrafiltration
   process for the treatment of drinking water
AU Zhu Y/1; Zhang X/3; Zhang H
TC 1
SO DESALIN WATER TREAT
PY 2016
AB In this work, a system dynamics (SD) model of a coagulation–ultrafiltration
   (UF) process was developed using Vensim and validated with experimental
   data.  The SD model includes the basic elements and essential structure of
   the coagulation–UF process system.  Numerical simulations were used to
   optimize the operating parameters of the SD model.  The simulation results
   demonstrated that the absorption resistance (Ra) contributed a small portion
   of the total resistance (Rt) (≤15%) in the basic experiment, where the
   initial permeate flux (J0) was 35 m3/(m2 h). Furthermore, the cake layer
   resistance (Rc) was the main cause of the total resistance (Rt) within the
   model.  The concentration of coagulant and the removal rate of membrane
   fouling were positively correlated when the coagulant concentration
   increased from 20 to 35 mg/L. In addition, the contribution of total
   resistance to membrane fouling was obtained from the SD model.  The membrane
   fouling rate reached 22.5 Pa/h after 16 backwashing cycles which corresponds
   to the predicted chemical cleaning time.  The SD model presented here can
   provide guidance in optimizing operating parameters through numerical
   simulations which eschew the need for large amounts of repeated tests.  ©
   2014 Balaban Desalination Publications.  All rights reserved.
DE cake layer resistance; coagulationultrafiltration process; drinking water
   treatment; membrane fouling; system dynamics modeling
ID absorption; coagulation; drinking water; experimental study; fouling;
   membrane; numerical model; ultrafiltration; water treatment

---

UT 745
AR Wang H/1, 2016, SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO, V38, P48, DOI
   10.13255/j.cnki.jusst.2016.01.009
TI Technological innovation system of pharmaceutical industry based on system
   dynamics
AU Wang H/1; Zhang Z/3
TC 0
SO SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2016
AB With the rapid development of information technology, there is higher
   requirement for the pharmaceutical industry to focus on technological
   innovation capability.  According to some related researches, the method of
   system dynamics and the simulation tool of Vensim were introduced.  The
   system dynamics model of technological innovation was established to do the
   in-depth study of the internal structure of technological innovation system
   and the feedback loop between various elements.  Then the software of Vensim
   was used to perform the model validation test, and finally the impacts of
   new products share, degradation rate of technical knowledge, and R&D
   investment of technological innovation were further analyzed.  The results
   indicate that to maintain technological innovation, the company's new
   products proportion should not be too high, with the increase of technical
   knowledge degradation rate, enterprises should pay more attention to the
   accumulation of technical knowledge, and high R&D investment does not
   necessarily enhance the capability of technological innovation.  © 2016,
   Editorial Board of Journal of USST. All right reserved.
DE pharmaceutical industry; system dynamics; technological innovation system

---

UT 746
AR Song J/4, 2018, PROCEDIA ENG, V211, P635, DOI 10.1016/j.proeng.2017.12.058
TI Dynamic Simulation of the Group Behavior under Fire Accidents Based on
   System Dynamics
AU Song J/4; Zhang M-G; Zheng F; Chen F-Z
TC 6
SO PROCEDIA ENG
PY 2018
AB In order to study the group behavior under severe fire accidents in chemical
   industrial park, a model of the group behavior was built based on the
   epidemic model and the system dynamics (SD) theory and method.  The
   influencing factors were selected through analysis of previous research.
   And taking the group behavior as the main research object, the causality
   relationships and model between the influencing factors were analyzed.  On
   this basis, system dynamics software vensim was applied to finish dynamic
   simulation, then dealt with the influence of the group behavior in the
   change of government credibility, public sentiment and influence of events.
   The simulation results show that improving the government credibility would
   increase the public's satisfaction and trust to the government.  At the same
   time, it is an important measure to deal with the group behavior by easing
   public sentiment and reducing influence of events.  It provides a basis
   method for group behavior management related to fire accidents in chemical
   industrial park.  © 2017 The Authors.  Published by Elsevier Ltd.
DE behavior decision; epidemic model; fire accidents; group behavior; system
   dynamic
ID accidents; computer software; epidemiology; fire extinguishers; fires; group
   theory; system theory; behavior decision; epidemic modeling; fire accident;
   group behavior; system dynamics; fire protection

---

UT 747
AR Du Z-P, 2015, INT CONF LOGIST SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG, P86
TI System dynamic analysis of big data patterns in fresh fruit 020 application
AU Du Z-P; Wang M-B
TC 0
SO INT CONF LOGIST SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG
PY 2015
AB In this paper, system dynamics, using VENSIM simulation software to fresh
   fruit O2O business - Xu Xian, promised to build a causal loop model fresh
   supply chain model, and its system dynamics analysis through the analysis of
   the existing network promises fresh O2O model, obtained in the development
   of existing models will highlight the problem and analyze fresh promise to
   solve the problem of network development in technology by big data.
   Finally, according to the system causal loop diagram optimization
   recommendations given in big data technologies promise to reduce the risk of
   fresh net supply chain, optimize existing O2O mode, keep the rapid
   development of enterprises to provide technical support.
DE big date; fresh fruit o2o model; supply chain management; system dynamics
ID computer software; fruits; supply chain management; system theory; big date;
   causal loop diagrams; data technologies; fresh fruits; network development;
   simulation software; supply chain modeling; system dynamics; big data

---

UT 748
AR Wen T, 2014, CHIN CONTROL DECIS CONF CCDC, P3585, DOI
   10.1109/CCDC.2014.6852801
TI Research on wartime aircraft carrier SoS POL support strategy based on
   system dynamics
AU Wen T; Pan X/1; Wu Y/3
TC 0
SO CHIN CONTROL DECIS CONF CCDC
PY 2014
AB The continuous process of ILS (Integrated Logistic Support) tasks is
   attributed to the stable state of ILS process system composed of ILS
   activities.  In terms of individual activity, the variation of the entire
   process state was random, but from an overall perspective, it followed
   certain statistical regularity.  According to the above characteristics of
   ILS process, the author was able to discover the key activities in the ILS
   process, and then to describe the key activities by virtue of system
   dynamics after the refinement of the key activities.  After modeling the ILS
   process through Vensim software to set the initial value and simulation, we
   could observe the changes of the parameters involved in ILS activities.
   Through these efforts, it became possible to predict the abnormal
   activities.  Then the author further found the key parameters which to a
   large extend affect the ILS process to ensure that ILS process would be
   carried out smoothly.  This paper tried to verity this method by analyzing
   wartime aircraft carrier system of systems (SoS) POL support.  The ILS tasks
   practice demonstrated that system dynamics method, specific to the
   predictions about complex ILS activities anomalies, could timely and
   effectively improve the reliability and accuracy of ILS support strategy.  ©
   2014 IEEE.
DE aircraft carrier; ils; sos; system dynamics
ID aircraft carriers; computer software; systems engineering; carrier systems;
   continuous process; ils; integrated logistics; sos; statistical regularity;
   system dynamics; vensim softwares; system theory

---

UT 749
AR Xi X, 2013, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V16, P157, DOI 10.1016/j.procs.2013.01.017
TI Using system dynamics for sustainable water resources management in
   Singapore
AU Xi X; Poh KL
TC 80
SO PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI
PY 2013
AB To strive to full self-sufficiency in water, Singapore has invested heavily
   in desalination, wastewater reclamation (branded as NEWater), water
   catchment management and other similar projects.  Among the many
   alternatives to augment Singapore's water supply, decision-makers need to
   know which one is the most sustainable plan to pursue.  This research
   project aims to demonstrate the usefulness of System Dynamics (SD) as a
   decision support tool to help achieve sustainable water management in
   Singapore.  We have developed a system dynamics model called SingaporeWater
   and analyzed the long-term impacts of various investment plans.  We
   discovered that investing in underground water storage or surface water
   catchments alone is not sufficient to help achieve self-sufficiency in
   water.  If Singapore starts to invest in desalination or NEWater only after
   there is inadequacy of water, then it will result in about five years of
   water shortage followed by another five years of water abundance.  The
   results highlight the need to build water infrastructures well in advance in
   order to meet Singapore's future water demand.  © 2013 The authors.
   Published by Elsevier B.V.
DE decision support; sustainability; system dynamics; vensim; water resources
   management

---

UT 750
AR Wei L, 2014, ADV MATER RES, V981, P249, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMR.981.249
TI The performance evaluation of enterprise informatization research based on
   dynamic balanced scorecard
AU Wei L; Zhang WX; Xu WZ
TC 1
SO ADV MATER RES
PY 2014
AB The performance evaluation of enterprise informatization not only can
   accelerate the process of enterprise informatization, but also can avoid
   trapping in informatization investment.  In view of the existing problems in
   the performance evaluation of enterprise informatization, the paper seeks to
   combine the use of the balanced scorecard and System dynamics as Dynamic
   Balanced Scorecard for performance evaluation.  It aims to establish a model
   for the combination of these long- and short-term organisational activities
   as a framework for evaluating the enterprise informatization performance.
   Example is given from a enterprise imposed informatization using Vensim
   software, of how core capabilities are managed to show how strategy impact
   on the enterprise operation.  The study finds that, using the dynamic
   balanced scorecard method to the evaluation of enterprise informatization
   has good maneuverability and rationality.  © (2014) Trans Tech Publications,
   Switzerland.
DE dynamic balanced scorecard; enterprise informatization performance
   evaluation; system dynamics; vensim
ID information science; balanced scorecards; core capabilities; enterprise
   informatization; existing problems; informatization; system dynamics;
   vensim; vensim softwares; system theory

---

UT 751
AR Liu X/5, 2015, EMERG ECON RISK DEV INTELL TECHNOL - PROC INT CONF RISK ANAL
   CRISIS RESPONSE RACR, P59
TI Simulation of the policy effect of technological SMEs loan risk compensation
   based on SD model
AU Liu X/5; Zhang M/4; Song L
TC 0
SO EMERG ECON RISK DEV INTELL TECHNOL - PROC INT CONF RISK ANAL CRISIS RESPONSE
   RACR
PY 2015
AB In order to soften the financing difficulties for technological SMEs during
   independent innovation period, governments of all levels give compensation
   of new loan balance to banking financial institutions that support the
   enterprises with credit.  We use Vensim software and do analog simulation
   sensitivity analysis towards compensation policy loan risk of technological
   SMEs effect on the basis of system dynamics model.  We increase compensation
   proportion of new loan balance from 0.5% to 5%, and find it has a positive
   but weak effect to enterprises’ funds of innovation, innovation gains and
   banking lending quotas.  We can see that the government should make an
   appropriate compensation to balance of bank new loan, but not too much, in
   order to make suggestions to help technological SMEs to get loans from banks
   pertinently and to strengthen the enterprises’ will of innovation and not to
   waste too much fiscal funds.  © 2015 Taylor & Francis Group, London.
ID computer software; finance; risk assessment; sensitivity analysis; analog
   simulations; financial institution; independent innovation; loan balance;
   policy effects; risk compensations; system dynamics model; vensim softwares;
   risk analysis

---

UT 752
AR Makarov VL, 2019, BUS INF, V13, P7, DOI 10.17323/1998-0663.2019.4.7.16
TI Developing digital twins for production enterprises
AU Makarov VL; Bakhtizin AR; Beklaryan GL
TC 24
SO BUS INF
PY 2019
AB This article presents a new approach to developing digital twins of
   production companies with the use of simulation methods.  It describes the
   concept of digital twins as an integrated system that aggregates simulation
   models, databases and intelligent software modules of the class of genetic
   optimization algorithms, subsystems of data mining, etc.  The article
   presents examples of simulation models of different production companies, in
   particular, a typical assembly plant and a typical oil production
   enterprise.  The first company carries out activities to assembly products
   from individual components with its own individual characteristics.  To
   describe the behavior of such an enterprise, methods of agent and discrete-
   event modeling are used.  The second enterprise produces raw carbohydrate
   materials at existing fields with individual characteristics.  The
   integrated simulation models thus developed are integrated with a subject-
   oriented database and optimization modules that facilitate providing a
   control of the technological and resource characteristics of the respective
   production enterprises.  The development of these models was performed using
   AnyLogic and Powersim simulation systems that support agent-based modeling
   and system dynamics methods.  We demonstrate here the possibility of
   creating 'digital twins' for production companies using modern simulation
   tools.  © 2010 Sociedad Mexicana de Psicologia.  All rights reserved.
DE agent-based modeling; digital economy; digital twins; discrete event
   simulation; production companies; system dynamics

---

UT 753
AR Li L-Q, 2016, CHIN GEN PR, V19, P12, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1007-9572.2016.01.003
TI Model Building and Simulation of the Development Trend of Community Health
   Services in China
AU Li L-Q; Lu Z-X; Wu D
TC 4
SO CHIN GEN PR
PY 2016
AB Objective: To explore the pattern and trend of the future development of
   community health services (CHS). Methods: The study focused on the promotion
   of "six-in-one" function of CHS. Based on the characteristics and
   development status of CHS and using the simulation theory and method of
   system dynamics, the kernel variables of the development of CHS system were
   determined, and the policy simulation models and variable equation were
   established within the inner structure of the system.  By using the
   simulation software Vensim, the simulation and prediction of the future
   development trend of CHS were made.  Results: Four subsystems of the normal
   function of CHS were established, including medical services, human
   resources, medical equipment and medical equipments.  The number of people
   receiving diagnosis and treatment and the number of people being
   hospitalized are the kernel variables of the subsystem of medical resources;
   the number of health workers is the kernel variable of the subsystem of
   human resources; the total value of equipment worth more ten thousand yuan
   is the kernel variable of subsystem of medical equipment; the gap between
   revenues and expenditures is the kernel variable of the subsystem of
   economic system.  The number of people receiving diagnosis and treatment,
   the number of people being hospitalized, the number of health workers, the
   total value of equipment worth more ten thousand yuan and the gap between
   revenues and expenditures in 2020 are 2 227.11 million, 13.976 million, 7
   281.85 million, 94 701.5 million and -1 974.99 million.  Conclusion: The
   number of people receiving diagnosis and treatment, the number of people
   being hospitalized, the number of health workers and the total value of
   equipment worth more ten thousand yuan have been increasing.  The gap
   between revenues and expenditures has up and downs, while the fluctuation is
   not distinct, which is common due to the objective law of balance between
   income and payment.  Copyright © 2016 by the Chinese General Practice.
DE community health services; development trend; simulation study; system
   dynamics

---

UT 754
AR Ji S, 2012, APPL MECH MATER, V178-181, P2643, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.178-181.2643
TI System dynamics based research on performance of supply chain
AU Ji S; Xie Q; Fang Y/1
TC 3
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2012
AB This paper analyzes the intrinsic relationship between the supply chain
   structure and its key factor, and builds a system dynamics model of supply
   chain under the advance payment financing business.  Establishing the
   dynamic equations and simulating with Vensim simulation software, the result
   has been proved that prepayments financing has a positive impact on the
   supply chain performance.  © (2012) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.
DE performance; prepayments; supply chain; system dynamics
ID building materials; civil engineering; computer software; system theory;
   advance payments; dynamic equations; key factors; performance; prepayments;
   simulation software; supply chain performance; supply chain structures;
   system dynamics; system dynamics model; supply chains

---

UT 755
AR Zhang J-K, 2011, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V31, P2101
TI Dynamic simulation of regional sustainable tourism development system
AU Zhang J-K
TC 5
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2011
AB Based on sustainable development theory, sustainable tourism development
   system was established which was made up of population subsystem, society
   subsystem, resource subsystem, environment subsystem and tourism subsystem.
   A system dynamics model, which could describe the relations among the
   components in the sustainable tourism development system and its
   development, was built, using system dynamics.  The system dynamical model
   was realized by software tool VENSIM. As an application of this model, a
   simulation was carried on of sustainable tourism development in Tibet.  A
   best development pattern is presented through regulation of several key
   indexes, aiding to promote sustainable tourism development in Tibet.
DE simulation; sustainable development; system dynamics; tibet; tourism
ID computer simulation; planning; system theory; dynamical model; simulation;
   software tool; sustainable tourism; system dynamics; system dynamics model;
   tibet; tourism; sustainable development

---

UT 756
AR Li Z-Y, 2019, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V791, P217, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-94589-7_22
TI Dynamic analysis of enterprise security system based on multi-level analysis
   and structural equation model
AU Li Z-Y; Chen X-B; Sun Q
TC 0
SO ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT
PY 2019
AB To explore the internal operating mechanism of unsafety enterprise behavior
   system, this paper use HFACS and SD model that construct the causal
   relationship diagram of multi-level model of unsafe behavior in HFACS. The
   simulation analysis by running Vensim software shows that the effect of
   tissue layer safety state on unsafe behavior is the most significant.  This
   paper also conducted a survey of a enterprise in Shandong.  The effective
   questionnaires collected will be analyzed by the structural equation model
   (SEM). At the organizational level, the improvement of the rules and
   regulations of enterprise production has an important impact on the safety
   of employees’ behavior.  In summary, the premise of safety is to ensure the
   safety of the organization.  Enterprises should improve the relevant
   production rules and regulations.  © Springer International Publishing AG,
   part of Springer Nature 2019.
DE analysis of system dynamics; enterprise safety management; multi-level
   model; sd model; structural equation model; unsafe behavior
ID computer software; human engineering; surveys; multi-level model; safety
   management; sd models; structural equation modeling; system dynamics; unsafe
   behaviors; structural analysis

---

UT 757
AR Nyabadza F, 2017, COMP MATH METHODS MED, V2017, DOI 10.1155/2017/4074197
TI A Systems Dynamic Model for Drug Abuse and Drug-Related Crime in the Western
   Cape Province of South Africa
AU Nyabadza F; Coetzee L
TC 19
SO COMP MATH METHODS MED
PY 2017
AB The complex problem of drug abuse and drug-related crimes in communities in
   the Western Cape province cannot be studied in isolation but through the
   system they are embedded in.  In this paper, a theoretical model to evaluate
   the syndemic of substance abuse and drug-related crimes within the Western
   Cape province of South Africa is constructed and explored.  The dynamics of
   drug abuse and drug-related crimes within the Western Cape are simulated
   using STELLA software.  The simulation results are consistent with the data
   from SACENDU and CrimeStats SA, highlighting the usefulness of such a model
   in designing and planning interventions to combat substance abuse and its
   related problems.  © 2017 Farai Nyabadza and Lezanie Coetzee.
ID computer simulation; crime; humans; models theoretical; south africa;
   substance-related disorders; complex problems; drug abuse; south africa;
   stella software; substance abuse; systems dynamics; theoretical modeling;
   article; crime; drug abuse; dynamics; human; law enforcement; methodology;
   model; parameters; patient referral; rehabilitation center; relapse;
   simulation; software; south africa; computer simulation; crime; drug
   dependence; statistics and numerical data; theoretical model; crime

---

UT 758
AR Feng XJ, 2014, APPL MECH MATER, V641-642, P715, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.641-642.715
TI Sensitivity analysis on key factors of sea-rail intermodal transport system
   of dry bulk
AU Feng XJ; Fan XJ; Zhang Y; Jiang LP
TC 3
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2014
AB With the growing demand of dry bulk in China, sea-rail intermodal transport
   gets more attention.  In order to define the key factors of sea-rail
   intermodal transport of dry bulk, system dynamic and modeling software
   VENSIM were used to establish system dynamic model of sea-rail intermodal
   transport of dry bulk, and the case of sea-rail intermodal transport of dry
   bulk of Meizhou Bay Port in Fujian was used to simulate and check the model,
   the result shows that the model is feasible and effective.  Finally, the key
   factors in the model were sensitively analyzed, and suggestions of promoting
   the development of sea-rail intermodal transport in Meizhou Bay port were
   made.  © (2014) Trans Tech Publications, Switzerland.
DE key factors; sea-rail intermodal transport; sensitivity analysis; system
   dynamic
ID factor analysis; hydraulic structures; hydraulics; intermodal
   transportation; shore protection; urban growth; growing demand; key factors;
   modeling softwares; sea-rail intermodal transports; system dynamic models;
   system dynamics; sensitivity analysis

---

UT 759
AR Chen YH, 2015, ADV ENERG SCI EQUIP ENG - PROC INT CONF ENERG EQUIP SCI ENG,
   V3, P2407
TI Economic benefit analysis of energy saving technologies of gasoline engine
   based on system dynamics
AU Chen YH; Yang YP; Yin RS; Liu YJ; Li Z/5; Xie LM
TC 0
SO ADV ENERG SCI EQUIP ENG - PROC INT CONF ENERG EQUIP SCI ENG
PY 2015
AB In order to evaluate the economic benefit of the different energy-saving
   technologies of gasoline engine such as Gasoline Direct Injection (GDI),
   Dual Variable Valve Timing (DVVT), Variable Intake System (VIS), etc., a
   system dynamic model was established with the software Vensim.  In the
   model, the add-on costs of these technologies, the energy-saving rate, fuel
   price, fuel consumption per hundred kilometers and the accumulative mileage
   were selected as the main variables.  Then a simulation from 2015 to 2024
   was conducted, by which those technologies’ economic benefit was analyzed
   and some conclusions were obtained.  © 2015 Taylor & Francis Group, London.
ID direct injection; energy conservation; engines; equipment; gasoline;
   economic benefit analysis; economic benefits; energy-saving rates; energy-
   saving technologies; gasoline direct injection; gasoline engines; system
   dynamic models; variable valve timing; economic and social effects

---

UT 760
AR Du C-Y, 2014, SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO, V36, P449, DOI
   10.13255/j.cnki.jusst.2014.05.008
TI Simulation and analysis on intersection capacity based on system dynamics
AU Du C-Y; Zhou X-Z; Zhi L-P
TC 1
SO SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2014
AB Intersection as a hub for vehicles to collect, stee and evacuae, is a
   complex dynamic system, and many factors affect its capacity.  System
   dynamics method was selected to visualize the trends when system parameters
   changing on the intersection.  The causal loop diagrams, system flow
   diagrams and calculation model of intersection capacity were built based on
   the analysis of the relationship between the intersection factors.  The
   simulation result by sung the software of Vensim shows that the width of the
   sections, the intersection's degree of order and driving speed are the main
   influencing factors on intersection capacity.  The intersection capacity can
   be enhanced from the above three aspects.  Among them, the control of
   intersection speed can be a new way for improvement.  ©, 2014, Shanghai
   Institute of Mechanical Engineering.  All right reserved.
DE capacity; intersection; model; system dynamics

---

UT 761
AR Zare Mehrjerdi Y, 2017, ELECTRON LIBR, V35, P374, DOI
   10.1108/EL-02-2015-0022
TI Library performance evaluation in a dynamic environment using patron
   satisfaction
AU Zare Mehrjerdi Y
TC 5
SO ELECTRON LIBR
PY 2017
AB Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to propose a new model for studying
   the patron's satisfaction level over time for library systems.  For this
   purpose, it is necessary to identify the key factors that are influential in
   nature.  Thereafter, this paper explains and shows the procedure used for
   developing the causal loop diagram, the flow diagram, mathematical modelling
   and the simulation of the problem.  A sample problem is used to show the
   applicability of the proposed model.  Because the proposed methodology
   allows management to look into the patrons' satisfaction level over time, it
   makes a significant contribution to the literature of the library and
   information management, as well as dynamic simulation modelling.
   Design/methodology/approach: This paper is written based on the studies and
   observations from scientific journals and reports.  For model development
   purposes, the author has used the concept of systems thinking and systems
   dynamics to model the complex systems and simulate that using Vensim
   computer simulation software.  Findings: As the trend of patron's
   satisfaction shows, it is possible to improve the satisfaction level over
   time to a level above 60 per cent from 48 per cent over the simulation
   running periods.  Meanwhile, the level of donation is up from 10 to 40 per
   cent in the same period as the satisfaction level has been studied.  Because
   this is the first paper that looks into such important variables over time
   using systems dynamics, it makes significant contribution to the field of
   library and information management.  Originality/value: In almost all
   library models for patron's satisfaction calculation, the proposed models
   are static and can find this value for a point of time rather than over a
   long period of time.  In this paper, a system with an initial value of
   patron's satisfaction level was used, and by taking all key factors into
   consideration, the author has developed a system that calculates patron's
   satisfaction trend over time.  Also, the proposed dynamic model is able to
   determine the level of donations that patrons can make to the library over
   time.  © Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE customer satisfaction; library performance; systems dynamics
ID calculation; computer simulation; information system; running; satisfaction;
   software; statistical model; thinking

---

UT 762
AR Abbaspour H, 2020, INT J SCI TECHNOL RES, V9, P5648
TI Introducing system dynamics and analytical hierarchy process based software
   for selecting the best transportation system in mines
AU Abbaspour H; Drebenstedt C
TC 1
SO INT J SCI TECHNOL RES
PY 2020
AB Selecting the proper transportation system in mines is one of the extremely
   challenging issues, which the mine managers and designers are confronting
   with.  This situation can be more complex when the number of factors
   involving in the selection process increases, which consequently demands a
   more complicated design and analysis to fulfill all those aspects.  Although
   there are various research to address this demand, there is no study that
   considers simultaneously all the technical, economic, environmental, safety
   and social point of views.  Additionally, the lack of software that makes it
   easy for users to dealing with the process of making a decision is deeply
   felt.  Accordingly, in this research, TEcESaS Indexes software, which is
   developed and designed in Venapp of Vensim software that is based on the
   system dynamics modelling as well as Sustainability Index software, which is
   coded in Java programming language and is based on the analytical hierarchy
   process and working by the outputs of TEcESaS Indexes software, are
   introduced.  The results show that the Truck-Shovel system should be used in
   the first four years of the project by a deterministic and group decision-
   making approach.  However, in the stochastic modeling, the Fully Mobile In-
   Pit Crushing and Conveying (FMIPCC) system should be utilized along with the
   mine’s life.  © 2020 IJSTR.
DE analytical hierarchy process; mine; multiple criteria analysis; stochastics;
   system dynamics

---

UT 763
AR Azad SM, 2020, KYBERNETES, V49, P332, DOI 10.1108/K-09-2018-0480
TI Modelling techno-sectoral innovation system: A new hybrid approach for
   innovation motors policymaking
AU Azad SM; Khodabakhsh P; Roshannafas F; Ghodsypour SH
TC 4
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2020
AB Purpose: This study aims to scrutiny the performance of the petrochemical
   sector and the technological innovation life cycle.  Also, the stage of the
   innovation life cycle for the sector is specified.  Then, scenarios are
   designed to improve the speed of the sector development.  For this reason,
   for synchronizing the petrochemical sector, this study tries to combine two
   innovation systems (technological and sectoral systems) called “techno-
   sectoral innovation system” under an integrated model.  Furthermore, the
   “functions and driving motors” are expanded in the proposed model.
   Design/methodology/approach: By combining two concepts of the innovation
   systems, the complexity of the system rises to some extent.  Also, to model
   causal relationships in the sector and non-linear connections between
   variables, system dynamics approach is applied.  During this phase, the flow
   diagram of the model is translated to a simulation programme using Vensim
   software.  Model validation is investigated using a comparison of the actual
   with simulated values.  Findings: The results predict the functions state of
   the innovation system and detect activation of innovation motors in each
   stage of the innovation life cycle.  Validation shows the acceptable error
   of the indices.  It can be concluded that the sector is relatively in the
   development state.  Four scenarios have been proposed for representing
   policies that sector uses to motivate its companies.  The best scenario is
   the fourth one that divides resources with different weightings among
   companies to accelerate switching time between sector’s motors.  Finally,
   the fourth scenario can improve the performance of the petrochemical.
   Originality/value: The hybrid approach shows researchers that performance of
   an industry can be improved based on sectoral and technological at the same
   time.  Thus, this case-based model can contribute to other researchers, as a
   base model.  Also, it could be customized with parameters and the
   relationship between players and functions.  Furthermore, a dynamic switch
   among the motors has been presented in the model.  © 2019, Emerald
   Publishing Limited.
DE innovation functions; innovation motors; petrochemical sector; policymaking;
   policymaking; system dynamics; tsis
ID computer software; petrochemicals; system theory; causal relationships;
   design/methodology/approach; petrochemical sector; policy making; system
   dynamics; system dynamics approach; technological innovation; tsis; life
   cycle

---

UT 764
AR Rong H, 2019, ICTE - PROC INT CONF TRANSP ENG, P366, DOI
   10.1061/9780784482742.042
TI Railway freight dynamic pricing method based on system dynamics
AU Rong H; Mou R
TC 0
SO ICTE - PROC INT CONF TRANSP ENG
PY 2019
AB In order to make railway freight transport enterprises better adapt to
   freight rate reform and improve their competitiveness in the transportation
   market, it is necessary to establish a dynamic pricing method reasonably.
   This paper first analyzes the internal and external factors affecting the
   freight rate of railway freight and the advantages, disadvantages, and
   applicability of the existing pricing theory methods.  Then, because of the
   complex nonlinear feedback characteristics of the railway freight pricing
   system, system dynamics method is used to analyze and quantify the internal
   and external factors affecting the freight rate of railway freight and
   establish the system dynamics model between freight rate and those related
   factors.  Finally, the simulation is carried out by using VENSIM PLE
   software, and the changes of the railway freight rate with the related
   factors is calculated by the example.  It verifies the validity of the model
   and its controllability and flexibility.  © 2020 American Society of Civil
   Engineers.
DE freight rate; influencing factors; railway freight; system dynamics model
ID competition; computer software; costs; nonlinear feedback; railroads; system
   theory; dynamic pricing; freight rates; influencing factors; internal and
   external factors; railway freight; railway freight transports; system
   dynamics model; transportation markets; freight transportation

---

UT 765
AR Hu L, 2018, LECT NOTE MULTIDISCIP IND ENG, VPart F43, P438, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-59280-0_35
TI Pan-Tourism Urbanization Model Based on System Dynamics: A Case Study of
   Barkam
AU Hu L; Gan L; Yang Q/2
TC 2
SO LECT NOTE MULTIDISCIP IND ENG
PY 2018
AB With the rapid development of urbanization, tourism-driven urbanization
   process has become an important development strategy in China.  There are
   many examples of the tourism urbanization, however, the integration with
   industries is scarce.  In order to describe the characterization of the
   industrial clusters system, this paper uses SPSS [8] to analyze the data.
   And it also uses DYNAMO simulation language and Vensim [2] to establish the
   pan-tourism urbanization model based on the theory of industrial cluster and
   system dynamics.  Simultaneously, taking Barkam city in the northwestern
   Tibetan area of Sichuan as an example, this paper analyzes the operation
   mechanism of pan-tourism urbanization mode to find the optimal system
   structure, which can provide corresponding scientific basis and theoretical
   support for promoting the development of urban and rural areas, improving
   the level of new urbanization and building new towns.  © 2018, Springer
   International Publishing AG.
DE industrial cluster; pan-tourism; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 766
AR Orjuela-Castro JA, 2016, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V657, P165, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-50880-1_15
TI Effects of using multimodal transport over the logistics performance of the
   food chain of uchuva
AU Orjuela-Castro JA; Sepulveda-Garcia DA; Ospina-Contreras ID
TC 13
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2016
AB One of the most exported fruit from Colombia to Europe has been Uchuva,
   given its exotic character, taste and nutritional content [1]. Due to the
   importance of this product for Colombian exports of fruits and the latest
   trends in transport, this research studies the impact of using multimodal
   transport over the logistics performance food supply of Uchuva using the
   system dynamics approach.  The model was built in Ithink, and it provides a
   configuration of the Colombian fruit supply chain, considering aspects such
   perishability of the fruit, logistics and environment.  The indicators
   studied are: transportation costs, total time of transport, losses of food
   due transport and inventory, and CO2 emissions caused by the transport mode.
   © Springer International Publishing AG 2016.
DE dynamic system model; fruit perishable food supply chain; multimodal
   transport; uchuva
ID carbon dioxide; food supply; supply chains; transportation; colombians;
   dynamic system modeling; multimodal transport; research studies; system
   dynamics approach; transport modes; transportation cost; uchuva; fruits

---

UT 767
AR Wong JJ, 2014, J MANIP PHYSIOL THER, V37, P7, DOI 10.1016/j.jmpt.2013.07.009
TI Examination of the relationship between theory-driven policies and allowed
   lost-time back claims in workers' compensation: A system dynamics model
AU Wong JJ; McGregor M; Mior SA; Loisel P
TC 6
SO J MANIP PHYSIOL THER
PY 2014
AB Objective The purpose of this study was to develop a model that evaluates
   the impact of policy changes on the number of workers' compensation lost-
   time back claims in Ontario, Canada, over a 30-year timeframe.  The model
   was used to test the hypothesis that a theory- and policy-driven model would
   be sufficient in reproducing historical claims data in a robust manner and
   that policy changes would have a major impact on modeled data.  Methods The
   model was developed using system dynamics methods in the Vensim simulation
   program.  The theoretical effects of policies for compensation benefit
   levels and experience rating fees were modeled.  The model was built and
   validated using historical claims data from 1980 to 2009. Sensitivity
   analysis was used to evaluate the modeled data at extreme end points of
   variable input and timeframes.  The degree of predictive value of the
   modeled data was measured by the coefficient of determination, root mean
   square error, and Theil's inequality coefficients.  Results Correlation
   between modeled data and actual data was found to be meaningful (R2 =
   0.934), and the modeled data were stable at extreme end points.  Among the
   effects explored, policy changes were found to be relatively minor drivers
   of back claims data, accounting for a 13% improvement in error.  Simulation
   results suggested that unemployment, number of no-lost-time claims, number
   of injuries per worker, and recovery rate from back injuries outside of
   claims management to be sensitive drivers of back claims data.  Conclusion A
   robust systems-based model was developed and tested for use in future policy
   research in Ontario's workers' compensation.  The study findings suggest
   that certain areas within and outside the workers' compensation system need
   to be considered when evaluating and changing policies around back claims.
   © 2014 National University of Health Sciences.
DE back pain; economics; key indexing terms; nonlinear models; policy; workers
   compensation
ID humans; models theoretical; policy; time factors; workers compensation; back
   pain; economics; nonlinear models; policy; workers compensation; accident;
   billing and claims; canada; conference paper; documentation; driver;
   employer; employment; health care policy; human; injury; mathematical model;
   medical fee; occupational disease; population growth; simulation;
   unemployment; worker; workman compensation; workplace

---

UT 768
AR Shahbazi A, 2012, RES CROP, V13, P319
TI Developing a simulation model for multipurpose reservoir using system
   dynamic approach
AU Shahbazi A; Radmanesh F; Akhoond- Ali AM; Sadi T
TC 0
SO RES CROP
PY 2012
AB Simulation is one of the most useful methods in water resources system
   analyzes.  There is still a strong need to explore simulation techniques
   that not only represent complex dynamic systems in a realistic way but also
   allow the involvement of end users in model development to increase their
   confidence in the modelling process.  One of these techniques is system
   dynamics.  System dynamic models have four structural units including
   Levels, Flows, Connectors and Converters.  These four units are applied to
   simulate a variety of simple to very complex systems.  In this article,
   system dynamic approach and Vensim software have been used to simulate a
   multipurpose reservoir operation.  Developed models have been used to
   evaluate the agricultural demands allocation, hydropower generation and
   reliability at Abolfares dam.  Optimization and sensitivity analyses were
   used on dam operational properties.  Also different dam operations and
   inflow scenarios were used to evaluate water resource system feedback.
   Results showed that reservoir could meet the environmental and agricultural
   demands of existing farms in 100 and 99% of simulation period accordingly.
   Also results indicated that regulated water by the reservoir could extend
   existing land upto 1300 ha by shortage of water in only 2% of whole
   simulation period.  Simulation of energy generation as second purpose of dam
   showed that hydro power plant could generate monthly average of 140 mwh peak
   energy and 430 mwh non-peak energy.
DE multipurpose reservoir; sensitivity analyzes; simulation; system dynamic;
   vensim

---

UT 769
AR Ma K, 2014, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V26, P2592
TI Modeling and simulation of product diffusion based on learning effect
AU Ma K; Yu Z; Li J/10; Zhang D/2
TC 0
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2014
AB Bass model is one of the most representative works in the area of product
   diffusion.  It has some limitations due to its strong assumptions.  The
   application of Bass model was expanded to fit for some competitive products,
   and an analytical expression for the profits of competitive products was
   obtained.  In this model, the learning effect of variable cost was taken
   into account, and its influence to product profit was analyzed.  The
   mathematical models representing the process of product diffusion were
   transformed into system dynamics models.  Therefore the dynamic performance
   during the products diffusion process was analyzed.  Using Vensim software
   to simulate the models, the correctness of them was testified qualitatively.
   The sensitivity analysis was performed to see how the typical parameters
   would affect the variables in the model.  After analyzing the variables and
   simulating the models, the mutual relationships between the factors
   affecting product diffusion were displayed.  The system properties were
   explored, which provides a foundation to make policies of product
   development and diffusion.  ©, 2014, Acta Simulata Systematica Sinica.  All
   right reserved.
DE learning effect; modeling; product diffusion; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 770
AR Singh S, 2020, LECT NOTES CIV ENG, V69, P379, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-15-3742-4_24
TI System Dynamics Simulation Modeling of Transportation Engineering, Energy,
   and Economy Interaction for Sustainability
AU Singh S; Uma Devi G
TC 3
SO LECT NOTES CIV ENG
PY 2020
AB India’s crude oil import is growing phonemically and is likely to grow more,
   thereby posing a major threat to the economy of the country.  A robust
   policy direction is a need of the hour.  Since there is a lack of study in
   analyzing the inter-relationship among the sectors of transportation,
   energy, and economy, this research work is aimed at performing an in-depth
   study of these sectors by considering the parameters such as vehicular
   population, model split, fuel consumption, and fuel costs.  System dynamic
   (SD) simulation models are built using the STELLA software, and these
   parameters are forecasted for the future years until 2026. In this research
   work, when the existing trend of growth rate for these sectors was assumed
   to continue over a horizon year (2026), it was found that a large part of
   the economy is being spent for meeting the energy demands.  So SD simulation
   models are built in which a scenario of increasing the growth rate of public
   transportation and at the same time curbing the growth rate of personalized
   transportation with a modal split value between the both as 70:30 showed a
   considerable decrease of 29.49% in fuel consumption and 58.04% in fuel cost.
   This modal split under the desirable scenario has resulted in a savings of
   14,629 crore rupees for the horizon year in the road transport sector for
   Chennai city, India.  Finally, this study recommends that in order to
   achieve sustainability in the city, the model split between public and
   personalized modes of transportation has to be paid crucial attention.  ©
   2020, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE economy; energy; sustainability; transportation engineering
ID computer software; engineering research; fuels; highway engineering;
   sustainable development; crude oil import; inter-relationships; public
   transportation; road transport sectors; stella software; system dynamics;
   system dynamics simulation; transportation engineering; fuel economy

---

UT 771
AR Şenaras AE, 2019, CORP GOV MODEL APPL DEV ECON, P256, DOI
   10.4018/978-1-5225-9607-3.ch013
TI System dynamics modelling for policy design: A Case Study in Turkey
AU Şenaras AE; Sezen HK
TC 0
SO CORP GOV MODEL APPL DEV ECON
PY 2019
AB The system dynamics model was developed in the Vensim software.  The model
   was developed based on the Yamaguchi study.  The construct and behavioral
   validity of the model were addressed.  Construct validity means that the
   correlations that construct the model, that is, the "rationale" of the
   model, are consistent with the correlations in the real system.  There were
   five sub-models in the model.  These were manufacturers and consumers sub-
   model, banks sub-model, central bank submodel, balance of payments sub-
   model, exchange rate market sub-model.  Five sub models included in the
   model developed with the VENSIM software are included in the appendices.  ©
   2020, IGI Global.  All rights reserved.

---

UT 772
AR Khorshidi HA, 2015, SAF RELIAB COMPLEX ENG SYST - PROC EUR SAF RELIAB CONF,
   P925, DOI 10.1201/b19094-124
TI System dynamics modeling for multi-state systems
AU Khorshidi HA; Gunawan I; Ibrahim MY
TC 3
SO SAF RELIAB COMPLEX ENG SYST - PROC EUR SAF RELIAB CONF
PY 2015
AB In this paper, the dynamic behavior of the system reliability is modeled by
   system dynamics approach.  Since the reliability levels of the components
   and systems changes during functioning periods, this variability should be
   considered in reliability assessment.  System dynamics has been used to
   simulate the dynamic interactions of the phenomena in different areas such
   as economics, environment, social, humanity, management, and engineering.
   In system dynamics, Causal Loop Diagrams (CLDs) and stock and flow
   structures are employed to both represent the elements and model their
   interactions in order to predict the future status of the system.  Due to
   the capability of the system dynamics in capturing the dynamic behavior of
   complex systems, it is used for a dynamic assessment of system reliability.
   The components in this system are multi-state so that they have more
   performance levels than failure and working states.  A case of a multi-state
   weighted k-out-of-n system is simulated in this study.  Software iThink is
   used to develop the dynamic model for the case study.  The results of the
   system dynamics approach are compared with the outputs of the dynamic
   availability assessment by mathematical modeling.  In addition, the
   associated cost of maintenance activities is added in the model.  Therefore,
   different scenarios can be evaluated in terms of cost and reliability with
   the intention of finding optimal decisions.  Finally, a sensitivity analysis
   has been conducted under various conditions in the simulation model.  © 2015
   Taylor & Francis Group, London.
ID safety engineering; sensitivity analysis; system theory; availability
   assessment; causal loop diagrams; dynamic interaction; reliability
   assessments; system dynamics approach; system dynamics model; system
   reliability; weighted k-out-of-n system; reliability

---

UT 773
AR Neuwirth C/1, 2013, PROC - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL MODSIM, P628
TI A conceptual spatial system dynamics (SSD) model for structural changes in
   grassland farming
AU Neuwirth C/1; Peck A
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL MODSIM
PY 2013
AB Typically, discrete-time agent-based models and cellular automata approaches
   have been used to model farm structural changes.  However, the proposed
   methodology uniquely considers a cross-disciplinary, continuous System
   Dynamics (SD) simulation approach to capture temporal dynamics of grasslands
   farming structure.  The SD approach is particularly well suited for
   participatory modeling and involving stakeholders in the model development
   and simulation processes.  In order to capture both spatial and temporal
   dimensions, this paper proposes a Spatial System Dynamics (SSD) approach.
   This approach is based on the strengths of system dynamics theory and
   geographical spatial modeling tools.  The SSD approach links system dynamics
   (temporal simulation) and GIS (spatial analysis and visualization) software.
   For the purpose of this research, farm structural change is defined by the
   dynamics of farm size and farming intensity.  These characteristics are
   considered in a conceptual SSD environment referred to as the two-farm
   structural dynamics (2FaSD) model.  Currently the 2FaSD is a conceptual
   model, whereby physical farm size is considered part of a finite resources
   competition model.  When farms change structure (physical expansion or
   reduction in farm size; intensification or deintensification of resources)
   they compete over grassland resources.  The competition is driven by farmer
   preferences, managerial decisions, environmental conditions and economic
   situation.  The 2FaSD model uses the SSD approach, which for this specific
   application requires a coupling technique to embed Vensim in ArcGIS. The
   anticipated model output includes a time-series of maps which graphically
   represent the changes of ownership structures in a two-farm system.  This
   output is intended to provide decision support for agricultural planning and
   management strategies.  The 2FaSD model is in the early development stage
   and the next major step is converting the model from causal loop form to an
   executable stock and flow simulation model.  As the model is in its infancy
   stage, the 2FaSD model only models competition between two farms for the
   following reasons: ease of implementation, simplicity in concept
   demonstration and in anticipation of reduced simulation times.  We foresee
   that the current 2FaSD model and methodology may be extended to consider
   additional farms in the grasslands competition model in the future.  The
   current 2FaSD model structure has been developed based on assumptions
   specific to the grassland farming industry in Austria, however with minor
   modifications to the SD system structure, it is possible that the model
   could be adapted to simulate grassland farm structural changes in other
   areas of the world.  © International Congress on Modelling and Simulation,
   MODSIM 2013.All right reserved.
DE farm structure; gis; grassland farming; spatial and temporal modeling;
   system dynamics
ID agriculture; autonomous agents; computational methods; decision support
   systems; economic and social effects; geographic information systems; graph
   structures; operations research; structural dynamics; environmental
   conditions; grassland farming; management strategies; participatory
   modeling; spatial and temporal modeling; spatial modeling tools; spatial
   system dynamics; system dynamics; system theory

---

UT 774
AR Wu X-J, 2011, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V144 CCIS, P167, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-20370-1_28
TI The system dynamics analysis on the evolvement of mechanism of convention
   and exhibition industry
AU Wu X-J; Sun M-J
TC 2
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2011
AB The purpose of this paper is to defines the factors and the way which
   influence the evolvement of convention and exhibition industry cluster (CEIC
   for short). From the perspective of system dynamics, the author designed the
   system flow chart and SD Model to show how the different factors exert
   positive/negative influencing on the CEIC. The author used Vensim to
   stimulate the SD Model and to verify its validity and application value.
   The research shows the evolvement of CEIC is the result of combined strength
   which comes from both the external and the internal system, the supply
   factors of the internal system and the market demand from the external
   system are key strengths for the evolvement of CEIC system.  The model had a
   high fitting precision and a good predicting ability .The research can be
   used practically and theoretically for the development of convention and
   exhibition industry (C&E industry for short). © 2011 Springer-Verlag Berlin
   Heidelberg.
DE convention and exhibition industry cluster; evolvement mechanism; industry
   cluster; system dynamics
ID decision theory; dynamics; electronic commerce; exhibitions; research;
   system theory; world wide web; convention and exhibition industry cluster;
   evolvement mechanism; external systems; fitting precision; internal systems;
   market demand; system dynamics; system flow; industry

---

UT 775
AR Che C, 2017, UNCERTAIN OPER RES, P651, DOI 10.1007/978-981-10-2920-2_56
TI Research on the Development Strategy of Cultural Enterprises Based on the
   Negative WOM
AU Che C; Luo W
TC 0
SO UNCERTAIN OPER RES
PY 2017
AB WOM with its great influence and advantages has been considered as an
   important means of modern marketing to open up the market.  However, studies
   have shown that negative WOM has obvious side effect on the enterprise
   marketing performance, with the rapid development in the context of
   e-commerce; this negative impact will further expand.  This paper is aimed
   at the development of Qingdao cultural enterprises, combined with the SIR
   model, the system dynamics analysis as a tool for the study of negative WOM
   communication process, and system simulation by using Vensim PLE, to explore
   the negative WOM propagation and influence factors.  The results show that
   the minimizing potential consumers initial value, reducing the contact rate
   and improving the service recovery rate can be effective to dissipate
   negative word-of-mouth.  And then put forward the corresponding marketing
   strategy for the development of Qingdao cultural enterprises.  © 2017,
   Springer Science+Business Media Singapore.
DE cultural enterprise; micro-blog; negative wom; sir; system dynamics

---

UT 776
AR Dale M, 2012, ECOL ECON, V73, P152, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2011.10.014
TI Global energy modelling - A biophysical approach (GEMBA) Part 1: An overview
   of: Biophysical economics
AU Dale M; Krumdieck S; Bodger P
TC 32
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2012
AB Economists, investors and policymakers need to understand energy systems and
   the potential for investment in both alternative energy supply and demand
   side technologies.  Biophysical economics has contributed to conventional
   economics by incorporating thermodynamic and ecological principles and
   emphasising the importance of natural resources to economic processes.  This
   paper is presented in two parts.  Part 1 gives a historic review of
   biophysical economics and discusses some previous models of the energy-
   economy system built around the principles of biophysical economics.  Part 2
   presents the GEMBA model - a new modelling methodology in the biophysical
   economics tradition.  Themethodology proposes a newand important
   contribution to the field of biophysical economics; a lifetime evolving
   function for the dynamics of the energy return on investment (EROI). The
   dynamic EROI function was incorporated into the GEMBA model and implemented
   in Vensim.  The model is calibrated using historical energy production data,
   i.e.  trained to historical data.  The trained model is run to 2100 under a
   variety of assumptions regarding availability of energy resources and
   corresponding EROI's.  The main finding of the model is that growth of the
   renewable energy sector may impact investment in other areas of the economy
   and thereby stymie economic growth.  © 2011 Elsevier B.V.
DE net energy analysis ( nea ); physical resource modeling; resource quality
   embodied energy; systems dynamics ( sd )
ID alternative energy; biophysics; calibration; demand-side management;
   ecological approach; economic analysis; economic growth; energy market;
   global perspective; historical record; industrial development; investment;
   numerical model; power generation; resource assessment; systems analysis;
   thermodynamics

---

UT 777
AR Lung T-Y, 2014, APPL MECH MATER, V631-632, P1431, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.631-632.1431
TI Causal feedback model for the dynamic simulation of kindergarten operation
AU Lung T-Y
TC 0
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2014
AB This research uses iThink software of system dynamics as the research tool,
   and establishes a causal feedback diagram of a kindergarten operation.  The
   feasibility of this model was tested finally.  When influence some factors
   of the profit to change fast, it can offer and change profits predict
   immediately.  In this way, the operator find about method to improve
   management then avoid risks faced ahead of time.  © 2014 Trans Tech
   Publications, Switzerland.
DE causal feedback diagram; dynamic simulation; kindergarten operation
ID profitability; avoid risks; causal feedback diagram; feedback model;
   kindergarten operation; research tools; system dynamics; computer simulation

---

UT 778
AR Barabanova M, 2018, ECO ANN, V173, P32, DOI 10.21003/ea.V173-05
TI Use of system dynamics tools in value-oriented approach in management
AU Barabanova M; Lebedeva L; Rastova Y; Uvarov S
TC 7
SO ECO ANN
PY 2018
AB The article is based upon assumption that in search for best sustainability
   any organization is leaning towards the value-oriented approach in
   management.  This approach is grounded in the stakeholder theory, and
   addresses needs and expectations of consumers and other stakeholders on a
   long-term basis.  When contributing to the best practices, companies produce
   shared values, able to act as a social power, to enter into the public
   consciousness, and to transform into behavioural norms.  At the same time,
   these practices support best handling of resources and opportunities thus
   leading companies to success.  The system dynamics model presents
   enterprises with potential strategies grounded in the target indicators,
   provides objective assessment of the target indicators sensitivity to
   changes at one or several parameters, sets and corrects their controllable
   limits, identifies specific causes of variation and, thus, insures necessary
   adjustments to the business management.  Today, the system dynamics
   modelling is supported with mathematical software: Maple, MathCAD, Maxima,
   AnyLogic, Vensim, iThink (computer experiments software). In our research,
   we support the idea to develop methodology and improve practices of value-
   oriented approach in organization management based upon key tools of process
   efficiency, i.e.  the system dynamics model.  To build a system model and to
   run simulation analysis, we used AnyLogic software system.  In this
   research, system dynamics model is tested against the case of supply chain
   management in the food industries, which include production facilities of
   high seasonal demand and products distribution network.  To meet volatile
   demand, the company keeps certain stock of products in the chain of regional
   warehouses, and shipping the products as soon as new order is received.  The
   market conditions and customer requirements are such that if the products
   cannot be shipped to the customer on time, then they buy these products from
   other sources.  the system works steadily and does not require adjustments.
   Minor fluctuations in demand also do not break the system’s balance.  The
   system works steadily and does not require adjustments.  Minor fluctuations
   in demand also do not break the system’s balance.  Simulation of seasonal
   demand increase (40% seasonal upsurge) proved the rate of new production
   shifts is almost twice higher than that of demand and two times smaller than
   the production cycle length.  The experiment draws us to the following
   conclusions.  The first response to increased demand is the shrink of stocks
   due to the delivery delays because of the duration of production cycle.  A
   natural reaction of the company to such sharp reduction in stocks is
   striving for extreme intensification in reply to the demand upsurge.  This
   causes a multiplicative effect.  Since the stocks are initially shrinking,
   the only way to meet such shortfall is to raise the production rate above
   the shipments rate.  The production shall exceed the shipments rate by
   sufficiently in volume and time to replenish the stocks in full.  The
   launching peak value should lag behind the moment when the demand increases.
   The output adjustment reaches maximum at the moment when the stocks reach
   its minimum.  The stocks start to grow only when the output rate exceeds the
   shipments rate which is always with delay.  The research concludes on how to
   assess the response of targeted strategic indicators to the changes in one
   or more parameters of the system dynamics model.  Our conclusions also help
   to determine controlled variation limits of the key performance indicators
   and causes of variation, and hint on how to implement rational adjustments
   as well.  The application of system dynamics tools in performance
   forecasting to better address customers and other stakeholders’ expectations
   and needs would allow enterprises to introduce value-oriented approach in
   management on a long-term balanced basis and to strengthen their competitive
   advantages.  © Institute of Society Transformation, 2018.
DE enterprise; food industry; management; system; system dynamics; system
   dynamics tools; value-oriented approach

---

UT 779
AR Palanta I, 2018, INT J MANAG DECIS MAK, V17, P199, DOI
   10.1504/IJMDM.2018.092566
TI Facilitating decision making on construction and demolition waste management
   in Greece through dynamic system modelling
AU Palanta I; Aretoulis G; Palantas P
TC 6
SO INT J MANAG DECIS MAK
PY 2018
AB Nowadays, construction and demolition processes produce a huge amount of
   waste.  This study has recorded data on the current state of political,
   institutional, technological, and applied practices, in Greece.  Moreover, a
   system dynamics approach was implemented in order to develop a model, to
   examine the relationship, between the three aspects of performance that
   underlie the waste management practices, namely: economic, environmental and
   social.  The proposed model is then converted into a system dynamic model
   through the software Vensim PLE. The model was implemented using official
   Eurostat data regarding the produced waste from the construction industry,
   in Greece, for the study period 2013-2020. The model predicts that an
   increase in the cost of landfill use will have negative impact on their
   management performance.  A change in the effectiveness of compliance with
   waste management regulations provides an increase in their management
   performance, only if all the stakeholders are really committed.  Finally, it
   could be proposed that further standardisation of deposition and processing
   fees and a combined bonus and penalty system could play an important role in
   the direction of effective waste management.  Copyright © 2018 Inderscience
   Enterprises Ltd.
DE cdw; construction; decision making; demolition waste; environmental
   economic; greece; social impact assessment; system dynamics modeling; waste
   management

---

UT 780
AR Saputra IW, 2020, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, V0, P2328
TI System dynamics simulation based on SCOR performance at table tennis table
   manufacturer in Indonesia
AU Saputra IW; Yuniaristanto ZZZ; Hisjam M; Zakaria R
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2020
AB The growth in the industrial sector will make it easier for companies to
   offer their products and develop their markets more broadly, one of them are
   the sports industry.  Every company is required to continue to make
   improvements in all aspects so they won't be left behind.  This research is
   expected to be an input to maintain the supply chain management of the
   company at the world level.  The results of supply chain performance
   measurements using the SCOR® 11.0 performance attribute are then performed
   using system Dynamics simulations which built using Powersim software.
   Results shown that their lowest score are the Cost attribute, so it must be
   their main focus on improvement.  This simulation results are expected to be
   a basis for improvements on the supply chain management especially at Table
   Tennis Table Manufacturer in Indonesia.  © IEOM Society International.
DE performance measurement; scor; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 781
AR Liao Z, 2010, PROC - INT CONF OPTOELECTRON IMAGE PROCESS ICOIP, V2, P605,
   DOI 10.1109/ICOIP.2010.103
TI The research of Guangxi's logistics based on the system dynamics
AU Liao Z; Chen M; Chen Z/3
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF OPTOELECTRON IMAGE PROCESS ICOIP
PY 2010
AB According to the principle of system dynamics theory, a logistics system
   dynamics model is established to show the relationship between regional
   economy and regional logistics in Guangxi.  A simulation software Vensim PLE
   is used to obtain a conclusion that there are a large gap between the big
   logistics demand and the poor logistics supply in Guangxi.  And this gap
   becomes a constraints to Guangxi's economics.  © 2010 IEEE.
DE regional economic; regional logistics; system dynamics
ID computer software; economics; image processing; optoelectronic devices;
   regional planning; system theory; logistics demand; logistics supply;
   logistics system; regional economic; regional economy; regional logistics;
   simulation software; system dynamics; logistics

---

UT 782
AR Chidumayo NN, 2018, PLOS, V13, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0205884
TI System dynamics modelling approach to explore the effect of dog demography
   on rabies vaccination coverage in Africa
AU Chidumayo NN
TC 17
SO PLOS
PY 2018
AB Background: Dogs are important reservoirs of rabies, a zoonotic viral
   encephalitis that kills thousands of people in Asia and Africa annually.
   Mass dog vaccination is recommended for the prevention of rabies in both
   humans and dogs.  Mass vaccinations should be conducted annually but more
   frequent campaigns may be required in areas with high dog turnover rates.
   Consequently, a good understanding of dog demography is essential for the
   control of the disease.  The aim of this study was to explore the effect of
   dog demography on rabies vaccination coverage following a mass vaccination
   campaign with at least 70% vaccination coverage.  Methodology/Principal
   findings: A dog population model was constructed to explore the effect of
   dog demography on rabies vaccination coverage decline.  Important model
   parameters were identified through a comprehensive literature search on dog
   demography in Africa.  A system dynamics approach was adopted to build a dog
   population model to simulate the effects of demographic processes on rabies
   vaccination coverage.  Vensim PLE Plus software was used to construct the
   model.  Multivariate sensitivity simulations using data from 22 studies and
   12 African countries were performed to investigate the effect of dog
   turnover rates on vaccination coverage decline.  In addition, an adjusted
   vaccination coverage to estimate the proportion of vaccinated dogs with
   adequate immunity at 12 months post-vaccination was calculated.  The results
   demonstrated that the vaccination coverage and adjusted vaccination coverage
   remained over 30% and 20% respectively at 12 months if annual mass
   vaccinations achieved at least 70% coverage.  Conclusions/Significance: The
   results demonstrated that annual mass vaccination campaigns with at least
   70% vaccination coverage would maintain a herd immunity of 20-45% between
   campaigns.  Copyright: © 2018 Nozyechi Ngulube Chidumayo.
ID africa; animals; dog diseases; dogs; female; immunity herd; male; mass
   vaccination; multivariate analysis; rabies; rabies vaccines; software;
   systems theory; vaccination coverage; rabies vaccine; rabies vaccine; adult;
   africa; animal experiment; animal model; article; controlled study;
   demography; dog; female; infant; male; mass immunization; mathematical
   model; multivariate analysis; nonhuman; population; sensitivity simulation;
   simulation; software; system dynamics model; turnover rate; vaccination
   coverage; vaccination reaction; animal; dog; dog disease; herd immunity;
   mass immunization; rabies; systems theory; vaccination coverage; veterinary
   medicine

---

UT 783
AR George JP, 2019, INDONES J ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI, V18, P16, DOI
   10.11591/ijeecs.v18.i1.pp16-23
TI Simulation modeling for heart attack patient by mapping cholesterol level
AU George JP; Gaikwad SM
TC 4
SO INDONES J ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI
PY 2019
AB Cholesterol is a complex structural material made up of four-fused
   hydrocarbon rings.  There is a hydrocarbon tail linked at one end of the
   structure, while the hydroxyl group linked to each other on the other end.
   To one end of the structure, a hydrocarbon tail linked and to the other end,
   a hydroxyl group linked to each other.  High cholesterol level is one among
   the major risk factors of a heart attack.  It is feasible to compute and
   control the cholesterol level of a cardiovascular patient by making use of
   intended Mathematical modeling in System Dynamics (S.D.). Moreover, by
   simulating proposed set of equations for a heart attack patient, recovery
   accomplished at a faster pace.  Because of S.D., a substantial amount of
   reduction in the patient's Cardiovascular Disease achieved by control over
   the sterol level of the heart patient.  This simulation modeling is an
   attempt made in translational research domain and is useful in the
   healthcare industry health care industry.  It will minimize the risk of
   heart stroke and maintain a healthy life.  Copyright © 2020 Institute of
   Advanced Engineering and Science.  All rights reserved.
DE heart disease; mathematical modeling; simulation; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 784
AR Zhang C/2, 2020, SAGE OPEN, V10, DOI 10.1177/2158244020970214
TI A New Method for Computing Letter of Credit Risks
AU Zhang C/2; Hu N/2
TC 2
SO SAGE OPEN
PY 2020
AB This study targets problems in the risk assessment and control processes of
   letter of credit settlements for Chinese export enterprises.  It applies the
   quantitative method of exploratory factor analysis to extract the main
   factors and uses a confirmatory factor analysis to test the validity these
   constructs.  VENSIM software is used to design the system dynamics causal
   tree and flowchart of the letter of credit system.  The equation sets of
   DANAMO parameters are then constructed using the software.  Finally, through
   analysis of the system risk fluctuation diagram with system simulation, it
   offers enterprises advice on how to identify potential risk points to
   prevent and control letter of credit risks in advance.  © The Author(s)
   2020.
DE factor analysis; letter of credit settlement risk; system dynamics
   simulation

---

UT 785
AR Abadi LSK, 2015, KSCE J CIV ENG, V19, P1941, DOI 10.1007/s12205-014-0570-7
TI An analysis of the sustainability of basin water resources using Vensim
   model
AU Abadi LSK; Shamsai A; Goharnejad H
TC 47
SO KSCE J CIV ENG
PY 2015
AB Given the high dynamics of water resources management systems, system
   dynamics approach and vensim model has been used to model the water
   resources system in the study area.  After verification of the model, the
   sustainability indicators were assessed under simulated scenarios and
   different policy packages.  At the end, the policy packages related to each
   scenario were ranked based on analytical hierarchy process.  According to
   the results, increased irrigation efficiency and reduced non-revenue water
   coefficient were the most important objectives in the short and medium
   terms.  Moreover, reducing net crop water demand was necessary.  In long
   term, reducing net crop water demand was the most important objective.
   Also, increased irrigation efficiency and reduced nonrevenue water
   coefficient had less importance especially in the scenarios of current
   economic and population growth rate.  © 2015, Korean Society of Civil
   Engineers and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
DE analytical hierarchy process; scenarios and policy packages; sustainability
   indicators; system dynamics; vensim model
ID crops; environmental protection; irrigation; population statistics;
   sustainable development; system theory; water management; analytical
   hierarchy process; policy packages; population growth rates; sustainability
   indicators; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; water resources
   management; water resources systems; computer simulation

---

UT 786
AR Asif FM, 2012, J REMANUF, V2, DOI 10.1186/2210-4690-2-4
TI Performance analysis of the closed loop supply chain
AU Asif FM; Bianchi C; Rashid A; Nicolescu CM
TC 65
SO J REMANUF
PY 2012
AB Purpose: The question of resource scarcity and emerging pressure of
   environmental legislations has brought a new challenge for the manufacturing
   industry.  On the one hand, there is a huge population that demands a large
   quantity of commodities; on the other hand, these demands have to be met by
   minimum resources and pollution.  Resource conservative manufacturing
   (ResCoM) is a proposed holistic concept to manage these challenges.  The
   successful implementation of this concept requires cross functional
   collaboration among relevant fields, and among them, closed loop supply
   chain is an essential domain.  The paper aims to highlight some
   misconceptions concerning the closed loop supply chain, to discuss different
   challenges, and in addition, to show how the proposed concept deals with
   those challenges through analysis of key performance indicators (KPI).
   Methods: The work presented in this paper is mainly based on the literature
   review.  The analysis of performance of the closed loop supply chain is done
   using system dynamics, and the Stella software has been used to do the
   simulation.  Findings: The results of the simulation depict that in ResCoM;
   the performance of the closed loop supply chain is much enhanced in terms of
   supply, demand, and other uncertainties involved.  The results may
   particularly be interesting for industries involved in remanufacturing,
   researchers in the field of closed loop supply chain, and other relevant
   areas.  Originality: The paper presented a novel research concept called
   ResCoM which is supported by system dynamics models of the closed loop
   supply chain to demonstrate the behavior of KPI in the closed loop supply
   chain.  © 2012, Asif et al.; licensee Springer.
DE closed-loop supply chain; key performance indicator; logistics; operations
   management; performance measurement; production management; remanufacturing;
   resource conservative manufacturing; supply chain management; system
   dynamics

---

UT 787
AR Hu N/1, 2017, NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V33, P130, DOI
   10.11975/j.issn.1002-6819.2017.12.017
TI Simulation and verification of water transformation of rice paddy and pond
   system based on system dynamics
AU Hu N/1; Shao D; Chen S/3; Le Z; Nong X
TC 5
SO NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2017
AB Ponds are widely distributed in Southern China.  Considering the regulatory
   role of pond, Vensim software was used to build a system dynamic model to
   simulate water transformation in paddy and pond system, based on the system
   dynamic approach and water balance method.  It was assumed that runoff from
   each land unit directly fed into drainage canal without flowing through
   other fields.  The physical processes, such as irrigation,
   evapotranspiration, deep percolation, inflow and outflow of pond, were
   calculated in the model.  In addition, various scenarios could be set to
   research the variation of the system with control factors.  The proposed
   model was applied to simulate water transformation during the growing period
   of rice in Zhanghe irrigation district to examine its feasibility.  The
   study area features a subtropical continental climate with an average annual
   precipitation of 947 mm, 85% of which occurs between April and October.
   There are 145 ponds with the storage capacity of 155 283 cubic meters, which
   are important for ensuring an adequate water supply for crops.  In the
   simulation, all the ponds were integrated as a large pond.  And water
   storage was obtained from the relation curve between water level and
   storage.  The results showed a good agreement between the observed and
   simulated daily water level of pond: coefficient of determination of 0.90,
   coefficient of efficiency of 0.79 and root-mean-square error of 0.155 m/day.
   To estimate the significance of pond irrigation system for agriculture
   irrigation, 3 different pond operation modes were set and simulated: 1) pond
   supply with total operation, 2) pond supply with partial operation, and 3)
   pond closed irrigation system.  The result showsed that pond operation could
   ensure full irrigation of rice, and water stress occurred for 72 days under
   partial operation, closing pond irrigation system was bad for the growth of
   rice.  Therefore, the pond irrigation system had a significant effect on
   ensuring the normal growth of crop.  Additionally, water transformation was
   simulated under 3 different irrigation modes.  From the results, in the
   early growth period, pond storage was consistent under 3 irrigation modes.
   However, during the developmental stage, pond storage was the smallest under
   moist irrigation and produced surplus water under intermittent irrigation.
   Pond storage decreased significantly under the shallow water irrigation in
   the late growth stage.  From the perspective of pond inflow, shallow water
   irrigation was the best, followed by intermittent irrigation and moist
   irrigation.  For the water supply, shallow water irrigation was also the
   best, followed by moist irrigation and intermittent irrigation, and
   effective water use efficiencies were 84.7%, 80.9% and 67.7%, respectively.
   The proportions, calculated by the minimum pond storage dividing pond
   capacity, were 2.0%, 18.9% and 41.3% for shallow water irrigation, wet
   irrigation and intermittent irrigation, respectively.  This shows that under
   intermittent irrigation mode, pond can maintain a certain amount of water
   for a long period of time, which provides a scope for aquaculture and
   drainage water treatment.  This study provides valuable information for the
   rational use of water resources and irrigation management in paddy rice and
   pond system.  © 2017, Editorial Department of the Transactions of the
   Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering.  All right reserved.
DE pond irrigation system; simulation; system dynamics; systems sciences; water
   balance; water levels; water management
ID canals; crops; efficiency; information management; irrigation; lakes; mean
   square error; solvents; system theory; systems science; water levels; water
   management; water resources; water supply; water treatment; average annual
   precipitation; coefficient of determination; coefficient of efficiencies;
   intermittent irrigations; irrigation systems; simulation; system dynamics;
   water balance; produced water

---

UT 788
AR Sontamino P, 2015, LECT NOTES PROD ENG, VPart F1150, P493, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-12301-1_42
TI A Prototype Dynamics Model for Finding an Optimum Truck and Shovel of a New
   Surface Lignite Mining in Thailand
AU Sontamino P; Drebenstedt C
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES PROD ENG
PY 2015
AB At present, a surface lignite mining has been operating in the north of
   Thailand, but there are other reserves of lignite in the south of Thailand
   that not yet operating.  All of lignite production in Thailand used to
   produce electricity and the demand of electric is increasing every year.
   So, in the future, the lignite reserve in the south of Thailand may need to
   operate in serving electricity demand of Thailand.  One of the main
   investment cost (capital cost) when the mining company wants to operate a
   mine is equipments cost, and the main equipment cost is the transportation
   system cost.  While, in Thailand, truck and shovel were used in the
   transportation system of the lignite mining because of the flexibility of
   the movement and selecting the zone of lignite and waste easily, especially
   in the geological condition of the steeply bed of ore.  So, in the new
   mining operation, the question of the number of truck and shovel and which
   capacity needs to buy for achieving the target of production planning, can
   be found by using this prototype model.  A prototype system dynamics model
   (SDM) for finding an optimal truck and shovel of a new surface lignite
   mining in Thailand is a prototype dynamic decision making tool by using the
   system dynamics theory and computer software modeling (Vensim DSS software).
   The SDM was decided an optimum condition of the truck and shovel using an
   optimum cycle time theory and it’s also a fast and flexible tool to change
   the mining production rate and other variables.  Thus, the optimum cost of
   buying trucks and shovels which shown the number and capacity of truck and
   shovel were found with this dynamic decision making tool.  © 2015, Springer
   International Publishing Switzerland.
DE decision making tool; optimum shovel and truck selection; system dynamics
   model
ID computer software; costs; decision theory; mine trucks; mining; production
   control; software prototyping; system theory; decision making tool; dynamic
   decision making; dynamics models; equipment costs; lignite mining; optimum
   shovel and truck selection; system dynamics modeling; thailand;
   transportation system; truck selections; decision making

---

UT 789
AR Hong L, 2015, MET MIN IND, V7, P513
TI Modeling and simulation of the system dynamics of cloud computing federation
   knowledge sharing
AU Hong L; Gao C
TC 0
SO MET MIN IND
PY 2015
AB Knowledge sharing is the core areas created by cloud computing alliance.  It
   is the key of obtaining competitive advantage and the inexhaustible source
   of value creation.  Study on the causation and evolution of behave of cloud
   computing alliance knowledge sharing process is the key to improving the
   efficiency of knowledge sharing.  According to the characteristics of cloud
   computing federation, we construct the corresponding system dynamics model
   by using the system dynamics theory.  Using the Vensim PLE software, the
   simulation system and the main parameters of sensitivity analysis is
   implemented to prove the cloud computing alliance knowledge sharing model is
   better fitting with the reality process.  It can reflect the alliance
   knowledge sharing in the evolutionary process, which has certain guiding
   role for lifting cloud computing federation knowledge sharing efficiency.  ©
   Metallurgical and Mining Industry, 2015.
DE cloud computing federation; knowledge sharing; simulation; system dynamics
ID cloud computing; competition; computation theory; computer software;
   information management; knowledge management; sensitivity analysis; system
   theory; cloud computing alliances; competitive advantage; evolutionary
   process; knowledge sharing; model and simulation; simulation; system
   dynamics; system dynamics model; distributed computer systems

---

UT 790
AR Guo W, 2014, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V279 LNEE, P843, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-41674-3_120
TI Modeling and simulation of china's competition strategy for highly educated
   talents based on system dynamic
AU Guo W; Dai F
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2014
AB As China is facing more and more fierce competitions for international
   highly educated talents resources.  Highly educated talents competition
   system model is established based on the system dynamics and the trend is
   simulated and analyzed in this paper.  By analyzing the competition system,
   elements in the system are divided into three categories.  Vensim showed
   different trend while some exogenous variables in the model were adjusted.
   The simulation results show that, the density of highly educated talents in
   China has an close relationship with human development index, governmental
   efficiency index, the enterprise registration cost, etc.  Chinese
   competitiveness in the international market of highly educated talents will
   be enhanced in the next 10 years with the development of highly educated
   talent density, and things will get better by increasing education
   investment, improving efficiency of government and perfecting social
   security system.  © 2014 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
DE competition strategy; highly educated talents; modeling and simulation;
   system dynamics
ID computer science; computer simulation; international trade; system theory;
   competition strategy; highly educated talents; human development index;
   improving efficiency; international markets; model and simulation; social
   security systems; system dynamics; competition

---

UT 791
AR Yu B, 2017, INT CONF SYST INF ICSAI, V2018-January, P773, DOI
   10.1109/ICSAI.2017.8248390
TI A branch model simulation for express logistics service system evaluation
   under online shopping
AU Yu B; Wu S/1
TC 1
SO INT CONF SYST INF ICSAI
PY 2017
AB Under Online shopping environment, express logistics service evaluation
   system was established based on logistics services theory and Dynamics
   System Theory Through the analysis of the process of express logistics
   service.  For this system and one main variable 'Logistics Services
   Quality', their causal relationship was analyzed.  Then the system dynamics
   branch model of a subsidiary variable 'timely delivery rate' from the main
   variable was established.  And the model is proved correctly by the
   dimensionless testing, the sensitivity testing and the extreme conditions
   testing.  On this basis, the data of the four courier companies including
   SHENTONG EXPRESS (STO), YUANTONG EXPRESS (YTO), ZHONGTONG EXPRESS (ZTO) and
   YUNDA EXPRESS (YUNDA) were applied to the simulation software Vensim in
   order to confirm the effectiveness of the simulation Branch Model and to
   obtain courier companies rankings based on the subsidiary variable, which
   will provide new methods of express logistics service assessment.  © 2017
   IEEE.
DE branch model; causal relationship; express logistics services; online
   shopping; system dynamics
ID electronic commerce; system theory; branch models; causal relationships;
   logistics services; online shopping; system dynamics; computer software

---

UT 792
AR Ji S, 2014, PROC - IEEE WORK ADV RES TECHNOL IND APPL WARTIA, P1234, DOI
   10.1109/WARTIA.2014.6976503
TI Study on the causal feedback Relationship of regional logistics information
   platform service innovation factors based on system dynamics
AU Ji S; Feng Q/1
TC 1
SO PROC - IEEE WORK ADV RES TECHNOL IND APPL WARTIA
PY 2014
AB In this paper, were studied the causal feedback Relationship of regional
   logistics information platform service innovation factors based on system
   dynamics.  We established a regional logistics information platform service
   innovation causality model.  Mainly analysis logistics supply loop,
   logistics needs loop and logistics policy loop in the model.  Using software
   Vensim obtained the reason tree of regional logistics information platform
   service innovation.  Further we drawn the direct factor and indirect factors
   which affecting regional logistics information platform service innovation.
   © 2014 IEEE.
DE causality; dynamics; logistics information; platform system; service
   innovation
ID dynamics; system theory; causality; causality modeling; indirect factors;
   logistics information; logistics supply; platform systems; regional
   logistics; service innovation; engineering research

---

UT 793
AR Ghashghaei M, 2013, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V27, P5119, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-013-0457-2
TI Rainfall-runoff Modeling in a Watershed Scale Using an Object Oriented
   Approach Based on the Concepts of System Dynamics
AU Ghashghaei M; Bagheri A; Morid S
TC 22
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2013
AB Relying on a linear causal thinking, most of the hydrological models fail to
   incorporate socio-economic characteristics of a watershed with hydrological
   and environmental attributes.  Based on a systems thinking philosophy, the
   paper aims to adopt an Object-Oriented (OO) approach based on the concepts
   of System Dynamics (SD) such as stocks and flows to analyze the dynamics in
   a hydrological system in a watershed scale.  Object-Oriented modeling is a
   way to organize data into discrete, recognizable entities called objects.
   These objects could be concrete (such as a river reach) or conceptual (such
   as a policy decision). In the present paper, VENSIM PLE has been used for
   the modeling purpose.  The application was illustrated in an Iranian
   watershed.  The model was examined using validity and verifying tests.  The
   results showed that the model is capable of generating the monthly runoff
   quite well.  The values of R2 are 0.69 and 0.61 for generated discharge
   values at Polchehr and Doab stations respectively.  Also the values of NSE
   are 0.66 and 0.64 for estimated discharge values at the same stations.  The
   capability of model was more clarified comparing R2 and NSE coefficients
   obtained by a SWAT model with those obtained by Watershed Hydrological Model
   developed in this study.  © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.
DE iran; iwrm; object oriented modeling; rainfall-runoff; system dynamics
ID iran; system theory; iran; iwrm; object oriented model; rainfall-runoff;
   system dynamics; discharge; numerical model; rainfall-runoff modeling; water
   management; watershed; watersheds

---

UT 794
AR Xue C/1, 2013, J SOFTW, V8, P2562, DOI 10.4304/jsw.8.10.2562-2568
TI Factor analysis of the advanced manufacturing mode diffusion based on system
   dynamics
AU Xue C/1
TC 2
SO J SOFTW
PY 2013
AB In order to reveal the factor impact on the advanced manufacturing mode
   diffusion, the influence of various factors in the diffusion process is
   studied from the perspective of system dynamics.  To this end, firstly,
   factors in the advanced manufacturing mode diffusion are identified, which
   include both macro and micro factors from the perspective of whole industry
   and single enterprise respectively.  Secondly, based on the factor analysis
   and system dynamics, both a macro and a micro system dynamic model of the
   advanced manufacturing mode diffusion are established.  Then, the models are
   simulated by Vensim, and different parameter settings of the models are
   discussed.  And then, the sensitivity analysis of factors is conducted.
   Finally, based on the results of system dynamics analysis, conclusions about
   the impact of these factors on the advanced manufacturing mode diffusion are
   drawn, which not only verifies the proposed models, but provides foundation
   for understanding the diffusion mechanism of the advanced manufacturing
   mode.  © 2013 Academy Publisher.
DE advanced manufacturing mode diffusion; factor analysis; sensitivity
   analysis; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; factor analysis; manufacture; multivariant analysis;
   sensitivity analysis; system theory; advanced manufacturing; diffusion
   mechanisms; diffusion process; parameter setting; system dynamics; diffusion

---

UT 795
AR Yan B, 2017, RAIRO OPER RES, V51, P763, DOI 10.1051/ro/2016054
TI Inventory management models in cluster supply chains based on system
   dynamics
AU Yan B; Wu J/1; Liu L/6; Chen Q/1
TC 6
SO RAIRO OPER RES
PY 2017
AB This study introduces the methods of supply chain inventory management into
   the cluster supply chains and proposes the implementation of supply chain
   inventory management strategies under this circumstance.  First, we analyze
   the system behavior patterns of the co-operation planning, forecasting and
   replenishment (CPFR), vendor-managed inventory (VMI), and jointly managed
   inventory (JMI) models of cluster supply chains.  Therefore, we establish
   the inventory management models of CPFR, VMI and JMI in cluster supply
   chains.  These models are simulated by VENSIM software.  The simulation
   results show that compared with those in the VMI and JMI models, the
   inventory fluctuations of manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers in the
   CPFR model correspond; the total inventory is reduced while its stability is
   greatly improved.  Therefore, the application of CPFR in cluster supply
   chains can effectively restrain the bullwhip effect, reduce the inventory
   and improve the efficiency of the entire supply chain.  © 2017 EDP Sciences,
   ROADEF, SMAI.
DE cluster supply chains; cpfr; inventory management; system dynamics; vmi
ID supply chains; system theory; cluster supply chain; cpfr; inventory
   management; operation planning; supply chain inventories; system behaviors;
   system dynamics; vendor managed inventory; inventory control

---

UT 796
AR Azmi M, 2011, IRRIG DRAIN SYST, V25, P265, DOI 10.1007/s10795-011-9123-0
TI Evaluation of surface irrigation system performance using System Dynamics
   (SD) approach
AU Azmi M; Liaghat A; Sarmadi F
TC 5
SO IRRIG DRAIN SYST
PY 2011
AB Various methods and criteria have been proposed and utilized for the
   evaluation of irrigation systems performance, which can be used for
   comparison of design conditions and irrigation systems performance.  Surface
   irrigation systems should be paid more attention among all other irrigation
   systems due to their operation simplicity and high losses.  In the present
   study, while describing main relationships of irrigation evaluation criteria
   of application efficiency, water requirement efficiency, Deep Percolation
   Ratio and Tail Water Ratio, a method based on SD will be introduced.
   Modeling of this approach has been done using VENSIM-DSS software.  Model
   has been tested in a case study that included the modeling of a furrow in
   four irrigation status: current situation, full irrigation, deficit
   irrigation and finally deficit irrigation with optimized irrigation cutoff
   time and inflow into furrow.  The results reveal the high capabilities of SD
   approach in modeling water resources and irrigation systems.  Its user
   friendly and ability in transferring data to the data bank can introduce
   this approach and software as an applicable decision support system.  © 2012
   Springer Science+Business Media B.V.
DE performance evaluation; surface irrigation system; system dynamics; vensim-
   dss
ID artificial intelligence; decision support systems; solvents; system theory;
   water resources; current situation; data bank; deep percolation; deficit
   irrigation; design condition; irrigation evaluations; irrigation systems;
   performance evaluation; surface irrigation; system dynamics; user-friendly;
   vensim-dss; water ratio; water requirements; decision support system; furrow
   irrigation; irrigation system; modeling; performance assessment; systems
   analysis; irrigation

---

UT 797
AR Martinez-Valderrama J, 2020, SCI PROGR, V2020, DOI 10.1155/2020/7563928
TI SAT: A Software for Assessing the Risk of Desertification in Spain
AU Martinez-Valderrama J; Ibañez J; Alcala FJ; Martinez S
TC 13
SO SCI PROGR
PY 2020
AB Desertification is a major global environmental issue exacerbated by climate
   change.  Strategies to combat desertification include prevention which seeks
   to reverse the process before the system reaches the stable desertified
   state.  One of these initiatives is to implement early warning tools.  This
   paper presents SAT (the Spanish acronym for Early Warning System), a
   decision support system (DSS), for assessing the risk of desertification in
   Spain, where 20% of the land has already been desertified and 1% is in
   active degradation.  SAT relies on three versions of a Generic
   Desertification Model (GDM) that integrates economics and ecology under the
   predator-prey paradigm.  The models have been programmed using Vensim, a
   type of software used to build and simulate System Dynamics (SD) models.
   Through Visual Basic programming, these models are operated from the Excel
   environment.  In addition to the basic simulation exercises, specially
   designed tools have been coupled to assess the risk of desertification and
   determine the ranking of the most influential factors of the process.  The
   users targeted by SAT are government land-use planners as well as
   desertification experts.  SAT tool is implemented for five case studies,
   each one of them representing a desertification syndrome identified in
   Spain.  Given the general nature of the tool and the fact that all United
   Nations Convention to Combat Desertification (UNCCD) signatory countries are
   committed to developing their National Plans to Combat Desertification
   (NPCD), SAT could be exported to regions threatened by desertification and
   expanded to cover more case studies.  © 2020 Jaime Martinez-Valderrama et
   al.
ID climate change; decision support systems; economics; land use; visual basic;
   decision support system ( dss ); early warning system; environmental issues;
   influential factors; predator- preys; simulation exercise; system dynamics;
   visual basic programming; risk assessment

---

UT 798
AR Amer N, 2019, PROC ANNU CONF SOC CIV ENG, V2019-June
TI Enhancing planning, monitoring and controlling of road construction projects
   in Egypt
AU Amer N; Okasha A; Arafa A
TC 0
SO PROC ANNU CONF SOC CIV ENG
PY 2019
AB In this research, system dynamics methodology is applied to model road
   construction project in Egypt and represents the effect of changes in time
   schedule by application of VENSIM software.  System dynamics uses stocks,
   flows, internal feedback loops, table functions and time delay to understand
   the nonlinear behavior of complex systems over time.  It aims to help
   project managers taking decisions in the highly dynamic environment and
   assess the performance of project.  Also, help in minimizing the changes
   impact on projects.  The introduced model consists of subsystems interacting
   with each other.  Each subsystem contains other small cycles.  Factors and
   cycles integrate with each other to show the project behavior.  Also, this
   model takes into account the effects of schedule pressure, morale,
   communication congestion, overtime, and experience on the defect rate and
   productivity.  The model is validated by panel of experts in the
   construction of roads sector.  Also, a questionnaire is used for data
   gathering to feed the model with values of factors and limitation of
   variables.  The results show that system dynamics is better than traditional
   techniques in planning and controlling the project performance.  Integration
   of system dynamics with the traditional techniques creates advantages for
   the project manager.  In addition, workload is simulated in two cases: first
   simulated as one company will do all the work with the limited time but with
   no limitation in sources; second it simulated by dividing workload and
   assign the parts to different companies.  To simulate the real world, this
   division is done according to the real project division.  This division of
   workload and required operation capacity will increase the productivity of
   the project and also increase project complexity.  In total, the
   productivity increased by average 22.23 % along the whole project with
   elongation in schedule by 8.3 % to overcome the complexity.  Finally,
   Modeling and simulation using system dynamics enables project manager to
   powerfully estimate the required operation capacity and number of working
   crews.  Hence, the delays in construction projects could be eliminated by
   good controlling of project using system dynamics methodology.  � 2019
   Canadian Society for Civil Engineering.  All rights reserved.
ID application programs; highway administration; managers; road construction;
   roads and streets; system theory; construction projects; internal feedback
   loop; monitoring and controlling; operation capacity; project managers;
   research system; stock flows; system dynamics; time schedules; traditional
   techniques; productivity

---

UT 799
AR Mona S, 2018, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG, V2018, P1006
TI A system dynamics approach to study the behavior of Cape Town tourism for
   the next coming 10 years
AU Mona S
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2018
AB Cape Town is a coastal city in South Africa.  It is the second most populous
   urban area after Johannesburg.  The city is famous for its harbour, for its
   natural setting in the Cape Floristic Region, Robben Island, and the beach
   and for such well-known landmarks as Table Mountain and Cape Point.  For
   this reasons Cape Town shines as a tourist destination.  The purpose of this
   Project is to develop simulation model for Cape Town Tourism using Stella
   software in order to study the behavior of the system for the next coming 10
   years.  System dynamics is an approach to understanding the nonlinear
   behavior of complex systems over time using stock, flows, internal feedback
   loops, table functions and time delays.  The approach that was used was to
   develop a simulation model is based on the following five stages of system
   dynamics modeling process: problem articulation, formulation of dynamic
   hypothesis, formulation of simulation model, testing of the model, and
   policy design and evaluation.  Initial hypothesis was generated based on the
   research done.  The Model study supports the hypothesis; as the population
   of Cape Town grows without the necessary expansion of services, Cape Town
   will be less attractive to tourism.  Therefore, the number of tourists
   visiting will decline.  © IEOM Society International.
DE population; system dynamics; tourism

---

UT 800
AR Lu M, 2012, XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO, V44, P400
TI Objective management in the project based on the SD and fuzzy control
AU Lu M; Liu Y/4; Jin T; Sun Y-Y
TC 1
SO XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2012
AB This paper has established the systems dynamics model for factors affecting
   the three goals of project management and proposed the application of fuzzy
   control method in the target control.  On the schedule change as an example,
   the paper has carried on the dynamic simulation for the schedule change to
   the engineering project goal's influence with the help of VENSIM software,
   using the fuzzy control method to adjust and control dynamic changes.
   Results show that this method has a certain effect on the improvement of the
   project management by objectives.
DE construction project; fuzzy control; objective management; system dynamics

---

UT 801
AR Dudley RG, 2016, HANDB APPL SYST SCI, P211, DOI 10.4324/9781315748771
TI A system dynamics examination of the willingness of villagers to engage in
   illegal logging
AU Dudley RG
TC 0
SO HANDB APPL SYST SCI
PY 2016
AB Much of the work of illegal logging in Indonesia is carried out by
   villagers.  Several factors determine villagers' willingness to participate
   in such activities.  Chief among these are (1) the need for income, (2) the
   fact that other villagers (and non-villagers) are already illegally logging,
   and (3) the realization of loss of community control over traditional forest
   areas.  These factors form the basis of feedback loops, which trap villagers
   in illegal logging systems, which will likely result in the disappearance of
   a major source of livelihood.  Ideas for system dynamics model structure
   were obtained from field reports and interviews with stakeholders.  These
   ideas were examined using causal loop diagrams to represent different views
   of illegal logging.  One village level view was formulated as a quantified
   system dynamics model using Vensim software.  The model allows examination
   of scenarios, which might alter system behavior.  The model is a tool for
   understanding consequences of various proposed strategies to control illegal
   logging.  These strategies include enforcement of laws, strengthening of
   community rights, the prevention of outside labor in local forests, and the
   provision of alternate sources of income.  This is part of a larger effort
   to describe and analyze illegal logging using system dynamics modeling.  ©
   2016 Taylor & Francis.  All rights reserved.

---

UT 802
AR Chawre B, 2020, LECT NOTES CIV ENG, V39, P187, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-13-8181-2_14
TI Estimation of Domestic Water Demand and Supply Using System Dynamics
   Approach
AU Chawre B
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES CIV ENG
PY 2020
AB Water is a basic need for survival and well-being of all, and therefore, it
   is required to provide adequate quantity and potable quality of water to
   all.  Water is used for all purposes such as domestic, agriculture and
   industrial needs, navigational, recreational, and power generation.  In this
   study, water demands and supply for domestic sector have been presented.
   Based on various factors, e.g., the level of economy, technological
   advancement, and pricing policy, level of urbanization, ratio of private to
   public water supply, and population coverage under public water supply, the
   unit water demand and supply at the user end for domestic sector is
   calculated and discussed.  With the help of Vensim simulation software, a
   system dynamics-based simulation model (domestic water sector model) for
   estimating the domestic water demand and supply has been developed.
   Domestic water sector model is validated on the available data, and the
   simulated results showed good agreement.  Study showed that the water supply
   is meeting the projected water demand of 87.35 BCM in the year 2050 (for a
   projected population of 1.645 billions) because the highest priority is
   given to meet the domestic water demand as per National Water Policy of
   India, GOI. © 2020, Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE domestic water demand and supply; system dynamics; vensim
ID agricultural robots; computer software; economics; system theory; water
   management; water quality; water supply; domestic water; national water
   policy; public water supply; system dynamics; system dynamics approach;
   technological advancement; vensim; water demand and supply; potable water

---

UT 803
AR Raczynski S, 2019, METHODSX, V6, P615, DOI 10.1016/j.mex.2019.02.029
TI Dynamics of economic growth: Uncertainty treatment using differential
   inclusions
AU Raczynski S
TC 7
SO METHODSX
PY 2019
AB The article is focused on applications of the differential inclusions to the
   models of economic growth, rather than the model building.  The models are
   taken from the known literature, and some modifications are introduced to
   reflect an additional inertia.  The aim is to treat the uncertainty in the
   model parameters by using differential inclusions instead of the stochastic
   approach.  The reachable sets for the models are shown, to assess the
   possible ranges of the outcome with given parameters uncertainty.  The
   approach may be interpreted as a generalization to the system dynamics
   methodology, providing attainable sets instead of single model trajectory
   and simple sensitivity analysis.  A comparison with Powersim risk analysis
   is provided.  The models of Solow and Swan, Mankiw, Bhattacharya, Romer and
   Weil are used.  A brief review of the models is given, and several examples
   of simple simulations, differential inclusion applications and optimization
   are presented.  © 2019 The Author
DE differential inclusion solver; differential inclusions; economic growth;
   economic model; mathematical model; reachable set determination; risk
   analysis; simulation; system dynamics; uncertainty
ID article; economic development; economic model; human; nonhuman; outcome
   assessment; risk assessment; sensitivity analysis; simulation; stochastic
   model; swan; uncertainty

---

UT 804
AR Briano E, 2010, WSEAS INT CONF AUTOM CONTROL MODEL SIMUL ACMOS, P269
TI Use of System Dynamics for modelling customers flows from residential areas
   to selling centers
AU Briano E; Caballini C; Revetria R; Schenone M; Testa A
TC 4
SO WSEAS INT CONF AUTOM CONTROL MODEL SIMUL ACMOS
PY 2010
AB This work aims to analyze, with the System Dynamics simulation, the impacts
   of a new supermarket opening in terms of the traffic flows in the
   surroundings of a determined urban zone, in order to help decision makers to
   find the most suitable area and the proper number of car parks and counters
   to satisfy a certain customer level service, avoiding high waiting times
   and, consequently, customer losses.  Among the different simulation
   methodologies, System Dynamics has been chosen because it allows to properly
   model systems that continuously change over time, that are affected by time
   delays and whose variables depend on their conditions at the previous time
   step.  Traffic flow systems are included in this category of systems.
   Moreover, the software used for simulation, Powersim Studio™, allows the
   integration with GIS (Geographic Informative systems), which provides useful
   information on road mapping and users allocation.
DE dss-decision support systems; powersim studio software; simulation; system
   dynamics; traffic flows
ID artificial intelligence; automation; computer simulation; control; customer
   satisfaction; decision making; decision support systems; decision theory;
   geographic information systems; parks; process control; retail stores;
   sales; studios; system theory; traffic surveys; dss-decision support
   systems; powersim studio software; simulation; system dynamics; traffic
   flows; computer software

---

UT 805
AR Liu YJ/1, 2013, APPL MECH MATER, V353-354, P2381, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.353-356.2381
TI System dynamics model of coalmine safety management
AU Liu YJ/1; Tian ZC; Huang DM
TC 1
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2013
AB Based on the dynamic, nonlinear and feedback features of coalmine safety
   management control process, with the purpose of identifying the complex
   interdependence relationships of the various elements of coalmine safety
   management system, system dynamics (SD) is used as a tool to study coalmine
   safety management and control issues; to elaborate various elements related
   to safety benefit in the process of dynamic coalmine safety management and
   the relationships between them.  The causal link between those factors and
   the systematic dynamics flow figure model are established by using the
   modeling and simulating software which is called VENSIM. © (2013) Trans Tech
   Publications, Switzerland.
DE coal mine; safety benefit; safety management; systematic dynamics; vensim
ID civil engineering; nonlinear feedback; system theory; coal mine safeties;
   modeling and simulating; safety benefits; safety management; system
   dynamics; system dynamics model; vensim; coal mines

---

UT 806
AR Chaves R, 2013, CHEMOSPHERE, V90, P2428, DOI
   10.1016/j.chemosphere.2012.10.082
TI Application of System Dynamics technique to simulate the fate of persistent
   organic pollutants in soils
AU Chaves R; López D; Macías F; Casares J; Monterroso C
TC 11
SO CHEMOSPHERE
PY 2013
AB Persistent organic pollutants (POPs) are within the most dangerous
   pollutants released into the environment by human activities.  Due to their
   resistance to degradation (chemical, biological or photolytic), it is
   critical to assess the fate and environmental hazards of the exchange of
   POPs between different environmental media.  System Dynamics enables to
   represent complex systems and analyze their dynamic behavior.  It provides a
   highly visual representation of the structure of the system and the existing
   relationships between the several parameters and variables, facilitating the
   understanding of the behavior of the system.  In the present study the fate
   of γ-hexachlorocyclohexane (lindane) in a contaminated soil was modeled
   using the Vensim® simulation software.  Results show a gradual decrease in
   the lindane content in the soil during a simulation period of 10. years.
   The most important route affecting the concentrations of the contaminant was
   the biochemical degradation, followed by infiltration and hydrodynamic
   dispersion.  The model appeared to be highly sensitive to the half-life of
   the pollutant, which value depends on environmental conditions and directly
   affects the biochemical degradation.  © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
DE contaminated soils; environmental modeling; persistent pesticides; vensim
ID biodegradation; biohazards; chemical hazards; computer software;
   cyclohexane; insecticides; soil pollution; soils; system theory; lindane;
   soil organic matter; contaminated soils; environmental modeling;
   hydrodynamic dispersions; persistent organic pollutant ( pop ); persistent
   organic pollutants; persistent pesticides; system dynamics technique;
   vensim; biochemical composition; degradation; environmental fate;
   environmental modeling; human activity; hydrodynamics; infiltration; organic
   pollutant; pesticide residue; software; soil pollution; analytical
   parameters; article; biodegradation; computer program; dispersion;
   environmental impact; hydrodynamics; soil pollutant; soil pollution; system
   dynamics; organic pollutants

---

UT 807
AR Pan J, 2012, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V32, P2439
TI Construction and simulation of port city coupled system model based on
   systems dynamics: Taking Lianyungang as a case
AU Pan J; Yang S; Shen F-Y
TC 13
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2012
AB The port city interaction relations have the systems dynamics coupling
   characteristic, according to the systems dynamics principle and the method.
   This article establishes the port city coupled system's SD model, and makes
   the dissection port city coupled system multiple feedback mechanisms and
   various systems interaction process from the port city system
   characteristic, the system model boundary and the essential elements causal
   relation embarks.  Using the model in Lianyungang's port city coupled
   system, Jiangsu Province, and drawing support from the Vensim software to
   complete the structure and the dimension consistency check, the article
   chooses investment degree of contribution, three produce increases
   parameters and so on coefficient, resources transformation coefficient and
   resources utilization factor as the controlled variable to carry on the
   model simulation after confirming the reliability of the model.  The result
   indicates that to achieve quot;twelve-five" development project goal, and
   realizes the port city sustainable development, Lianyungang needs to expand
   the tertiary industry investment, controls the wharf waterfront availability
   of resources moderately, simultaneously increases the harbor investment, and
   promote port capacity construction, to meets the strategic position
   promotion Lianyungang port city development need.
DE lianyungang city; model simulation; port city coupling; systems dynamics
ID dynamics; investments; software reliability; urban growth; causal relations;
   consistency checks; controlled variables; coupled systems; development
   needs; development project; essential elements; jiangsu province;
   lianyungang city; model simulation; multiple feedback; port capacities; port
   city; system characteristics; system models; systems dynamics; systems
   interaction; transformation coefficients; utilization factor; ports and
   harbors

---

UT 808
AR Nikolaou I, 2015, J CLEAN PROD, V103, P499, DOI
   10.1016/j.jclepro.2014.09.086
TI A system dynamic approach for exploring the effects of climate change risks
   on firms' economic performance
AU Nikolaou I; Evangelinos K; Leal Filho W
TC 72
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2015
AB A number of studies have recently examined the potential relationships
   between climate change and the business community.  The majority of such
   studies have emphasized statistical and benchmarking techniques to identify
   how climate change could have implications on firms' operations and their
   economic performance.  These techniques draw primary data from questionnaire
   surveys and corporate environmental reports in an ex post basis, a fact that
   provide evidence in a linear, probabilistic and static character.  These
   studies have provided limited insights regarding the future complex effects
   of climate change on corporate economic performance.  This paper aims to
   contribute to this literature by developing a dynamic model to investigate
   the evolutionary trends of the relationships between climate change risks,
   financial performance and the operational processes of firms.  The main
   scope is to identify how physical, regulatory, reputational and litigation
   risks will affect day-to-day operations.  An integrated model will be
   established in order to improve managers' and academics' understanding of
   climate change and business performance.  Four scenarios will also be tested
   to illustrate "what if" relationships in the presence of climate change
   risks.  Finally, the proposed model is based on the corporate climate change
   management, system thinking, system dynamic and Stella software.  © 2014
   Elsevier Ltd.
DE climate change risks; corporate-sustainability; stella software; system
   dynamic; system thinking
ID benchmarking; climate models; laws and legislation; risk perception; risks;
   surveys; sustainable development; climate change risks; corporate-
   sustainability; stella software; system dynamics; system thinkings; climate
   change

---

UT 809
AR Jin Y-H, 2020, RES ENV YANGTZE BASIN, V29, P1064, DOI
   10.11870/cjlyzyyhj202005002
TI Evaluation of China's Land Use System Health Based on System Dynamics;
   [基于系统动力学的中国土地利用系统健康评价研究]
AU Jin Y-H; Wang H-J; Jia K-J; Zhang B/5; Xu S/2
TC 5
SO RES ENV YANGTZE BASIN
PY 2020
AB By simulating the state of China's land use system, we explore the scenarios
   that can achieve healthy development of land use system.  It provides a
   reference path for China to basically realize socialist modernization in
   2035 and promote the sustainable development goal.  The research uses the
   system dynamics model to construct the land use system.  The model adjusts
   the parameters of GDP growth rate, population birth rate, and land
   consolidation investment respectively to represent the state's policy
   implementation on economic development, population control, and land
   consolidation, and a total of 18 scenarios are simulated.  With the function
   of the system dynamics software Vensim PLE, the adjustment mechanism of the
   policy control variable parameters is established.  Under different land use
   conditions, policy strength can be adjusted accordingly to optimize and
   enhance the effectiveness of policy implementation.  Based on the simulation
   results of multiple scenarios, according to the national development
   strategy and the international economic development situation, the research
   sets the minimum standards for economic development, food security and
   ecological security that China needs to meet in 2035 to screen all
   simulation scenarios and eliminate non-conformities.  Finally, 6 scenarios
   are retained.  The "Pressure-State-Response" (PSR) model is used to
   construct a land use system health evaluation system to evaluate the
   retained scenarios and select a scenario that meets the national development
   needs and has a high level of health.  The result shows that the second
   scenario land use system has the best health level and meets the needs of
   national development.  The optimal policy scenario is as follows: The
   economy will maintain a medium-speed development, by 2035 the GDP growth
   rate will stabilize at 4%, and the GDP will reach about 200 thousand
   billion.  The population will maintain a medium-speed growth, and it will
   stabilize at about 1.485 billion in 2035. The intensity of land
   consolidation will increase, and it will increase to 60-100 billion yuan per
   year.  © 2020, Science Press.  All right reserved.
DE china; land use; scenario analysis; system dynamics

---

UT 810
AR Li Z/3, 2018, J HYDROL, V556, P50, DOI 10.1016/j.jhydrol.2017.11.007
TI A hybrid system dynamics and optimization approach for supporting
   sustainable water resources planning in Zhengzhou City, China
AU Li Z/3; Li C/2; Wang X/3; Peng C; Cai Y; Huang W
TC 50
SO J HYDROL
PY 2018
AB Problems with water resources restrict the sustainable development of a city
   with water shortages.  Based on system dynamics (SD) theory, a model of
   sustainable utilization of water resources using the STELLA software has
   been established.  This model consists of four subsystems: population
   system, economic system, water supply system and water demand system.  The
   boundaries of the four subsystems are vague, but they are closely related
   and interdependent.  The model is applied to Zhengzhou City, China, which
   has a serious water shortage.  The difference between the water supply and
   demand is very prominent in Zhengzhou City.  The model was verified with
   data from 2009 to 2013. The results show that water demand of Zhengzhou City
   will reach 2.57 billion m3 in 2020. A water resources optimization model is
   developed based on interval-parameter two-stage stochastic programming.  The
   objective of the model is to allocate water resources to each water sector
   and make the lowest cost under the minimum water demand.  Using the
   simulation results, decision makers can easily weigh the costs of the
   system, the water allocation objectives, and the system risk.  The hybrid
   system dynamics method and optimization model is a rational try to support
   water resources management in many cities, particularly for cities with
   potential water shortage and it is solidly supported with previous studies
   and collected data.  © 2017 Elsevier B.V.
DE optimal allocation of water resources; sustainable usage; system dynamics
   model; water resources; zhengzhou city
ID china; henan; zhengzhou; decision making; economics; information management;
   stochastic models; stochastic programming; stochastic systems; system
   theory; water conservation; water management; water supply; water supply
   systems; four sub-systems; optimal allocation of water resources;
   optimization models; sustainable usage; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; water demand; water shortages; waters resources; zhengzhou city;
   demand analysis; hydrological modeling; optimization; resource allocation;
   resource scarcity; software; sustainable development; water management;
   water resource; water supply; water use; hybrid systems

---

UT 811
AR Bagheri MH, 2015, INT J HYDROL SCI TECHNOL, V5, P295, DOI
   10.1504/IJHST.2015.072610
TI Groundwater level modelling using system dynamics approach to investigate
   the sinkhole events (case study: Abarkuh County Watershed, Iran)
AU Bagheri MH; Neychalani TM; Fathian F; Bagheri A
TC 8
SO INT J HYDROL SCI TECHNOL
PY 2015
AB In the past few decades, withdrawal of groundwater and depletion of aquifers
   has increased; the aquifers have a negative balance in many plains and
   consequently, an endangering phenomenon called sinkholes have turned up.
   This phenomenon has created a concern for the people who lives in Abarkuh
   county watershed as well.  This study attempts to investigate the factors
   most likely to cause a sinkhole event and evaluation of management
   strategies, by applying system dynamics approach.  The results showed the
   verification of the model in simulating the groundwater level of the
   watershed.  Moreover, the effects of crop pattern factor in the declining
   trend of groundwater level and increasing trend of depth of sinkhole event
   have been detected.  In contrast, reducing the irrigation water demand, the
   withdrawal more than the requirement, and drinking water consumption, as
   management scenarios, demonstrated the most influence in order to prevent of
   sinkhole occurrence in the future, respectively.  Copyright © 2015
   Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
DE abarkuh county watershed; aquifer; sinkhole; system dynamics approach;
   vensim

---

UT 812
AR Dou S, 2014, J IND ENG MANAG, V7, P573, DOI 10.3926/jiem.1036
TI Study on logistics industry development policy of Beijing based on system
   dynamic
AU Dou S; Li X/10; Li X/12; Gou J
TC 3
SO J IND ENG MANAG
PY 2014
AB Purpose: This paper is committed to design a logistics industry development
   policy model based on system dynamic to simulate the policy measures which
   promote region economic and logistics efficiency.  The interaction between
   logistic industry development policy and economy needs to be investigated
   and the influence degree of logistic efficiency affected by industry policy
   needs to be identified too.  Design/methodology/approach: In order to
   achieve the objective, it makes a system analysis from industry perspective
   to divide system into economic growth subsystem, logistics demand subsystem
   and logistics supply subsystem.  Then the hypothesis and the boundaries are
   defined, and the causal diagram and system flow diagrams are drawn.  The
   paper designs parameters and structural equation by the sample of Beijing
   using the econometrics model and takes model validation.  Taking Beijing as
   an example, logistics industry development policy is simulated from the
   aspect of technological progress, increasing fixed assets investment,
   adjusting the industrial structure proportion and comprehensive policy by
   changing the parameters using Vensim-PLE. Findings?After logistics
   development policy is highly simulated by system dynamic model of logistics
   industry development policy, it is found that the policies of technological
   progress, fixed assets investment increasing, the industrial structure
   proportion adjustment and the comprehensive policy have different function
   to affect GDP, logistics demand, supply capacity and actual logistics costs.
   Originality/value: Compared with the previous research, this paper analyzes
   the interactive mechanism between logistics industry policy and region
   economy from a system perspective and establishes system dynamics model of
   logistics industry development policy to make up for the limitation of
   previous research.
DE logistics industry; policy proposal; regional economy; system dynamics
ID economic analysis; regional planning; system theory;
   design/methodology/approach; industrial structures; logistics development;
   logistics industry; regional economy; system dynamics; system dynamics
   model; technological progress; industrial economics

---

UT 813
AR Li J-C, 2014, FRESENIUS ENV BULL, V23, P1209
TI A system dynamics approach to a comprehensive assessment of water
   strategies: A case study of North China
AU Li J-C; He Y-Y; Fan C-J
TC 3
SO FRESENIUS ENV BULL
PY 2014
AB In this study, a new approach for identifying the optimal water strategy is
   presented, for the purpose of achieving sustainable development of water
   resources, incorporating System Dynamics (SD) and the Comprehensive Benefit
   Assessment model.  A complex SD model is therefore developed using the
   Vensim PLE SD software package, which reflects interactions between water
   resources, ecology, society and the economy.  On this basis, we advance a
   Comprehensive Benefit Assessment model to give an all-around assessment of a
   chosen water resource system.  A case from North China has been studied to
   illustrate the applicability of the new approach.  The credibility and
   validity of the SD model is confirmed with datasets from the years
   2004-2011; the average simulation error is only about 2.6%. The water supply
   and demand of North China in 2030 is predicted, which foretells a huge water
   shortage.  The new approach is then employed to assess the impacts of the
   four water strategies: storage, desalinization, water saving and sewage
   treatment.  Results show that when the investments in water conservancy
   facilities reach 0.5% of the annual GDP, the maximum comprehensive benefit
   is obtained.  Developing water desalination technology has been proven not
   to be an economical measure in the short term.  The development of water-
   saving and sewage treatment technology has a positive impact on increasing
   the water supply, narrowing the margin between supply and demand, enhancing
   sewage utilization, and improving the ecological environment.  However,
   excessive investments will slow down the pace of economic development.  ©
   PSP.
DE comprehensive benefit assessment; system dynamics; water prediction; water
   resources; water strategy
ID china; assessment method; economic analysis; gross domestic product;
   numerical model; prediction; sewage treatment; sustainable development;
   water management; water resource; water supply

---

UT 814
AR Wu A, 2014, CHIN GEOGR SCI, V24, P706, DOI 10.1007/s11769-014-0664-7
TI Effects of industrial relocation on Chinese regional economic growth
   disparities: Based on system dynamics modeling
AU Wu A; Li G; Sun T/1; Liang Y/2
TC 21
SO CHIN GEOGR SCI
PY 2014
AB The economic growth of China has led to increasing growth disparities
   between regions.  Such disparities are uncontrolled and are severely
   negative symptoms in the process of economic development.  On the basis of
   system dynamics (SD) modeling and the relationship between industrial
   relocation and regional economic growth, we construct a model of the
   interrelationship between the two aforementioned phenomena.  The model is an
   effective and creative exploration for examining effects of industrial
   relocation on Chinese regional economic growth disparities.  The SD model is
   employed in this study to build an inter-regional labor migration SD model,
   an inter-regional capital migration SD model, an intra-industry SD model, an
   intra-regional population SD model, and an intra-regional SD model which are
   based on realities in labor and capital flow from the view of industrial
   relocation.  VENSIM software is utilized to perform a system simulation
   based on the data of the eastern, middle, and western regions from 2000 to
   2010. Results show that industrial relocation gradually narrows the relative
   disparity in GDP among the three regions.  Moreover, the absolute one is
   enlarged continuously.  The absolute and relative disparities in per capita
   GDP among eastern, middle, and western regions generally exhibit decreasing
   trends.  © 2014, Science Press, Northeast Institute of Geography and
   Agricultural Ecology, CAS and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
DE china; economic growth disparity; industrial relocation; system dynamics (
   sd ) modeling
ID china; economic development; economic growth; gross domestic product; labor
   migration; regional economy; relocation

---

UT 815
AR Xiaoyan W, 2018, PROC - IEEE INT CONF DATA SCI CYBERSP DSC, P410, DOI
   10.1109/DSC.2018.00066
TI Will the big data strategic alliance be workable for intelligent vehicles
   and new energy vehicles industry?  - Perspective of system dynamics
AU Xiaoyan W; Hu D-B; Lu H/1
TC 1
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF DATA SCI CYBERSP DSC
PY 2018
AB Different from papers on the big data technique, in this paper has study on
   industry-university-research big data strategic alliance stability from a
   system dynamics perspective.  By feedback of industry-university-research
   big data strategic alliance stability, the causal loop diagrams of material,
   information and energy are analyzed from three aspects, which are aspects of
   matching, interactivity and all-win.  Furthermore, a flow chart and system
   dynamics model are established to have am empirical analysis.  Vensim PLE is
   used to simulate and test the validation and application value of model.
   The simulation results show that it should pay attention to role and impact
   of single variable in the module, and the combination and interaction
   between multiple module and the elements in alliance system framework for a
   specific alliance system to finally achieve alliance stability.  So we can't
   only focus on the technique of big data, but also pay more attention to the
   process reengineering.  © 2018 IEEE.
DE casual loop diagram; simulation; strategic alliance stability; system
   dynamics
ID computers; reengineering; system stability; system theory; casual loops;
   causal loop diagrams; new energy vehicles; process reengineering;
   simulation; strategic alliance; system dynamics; system dynamics model; big
   data

---

UT 816
AR Basirat P, 2013, INT J PROCESS MANAG BENCHMARKING, V3, P136, DOI
   10.1504/IJPMB.2013.057723
TI System dynamics meta-modelling for reliability considerations in maintenance
AU Basirat P; Fazlollahtabar H; Mahdavi I
TC 21
SO INT J PROCESS MANAG BENCHMARKING
PY 2013
AB To assess the capability of a maintenance system, the system reliability is
   one of the essential performance indicators to be applied.  The study
   presented in this paper employs the system dynamic approach to model and
   analyse a maintenance system with aiming at reliability evaluation and
   control.  In this way, series of stock and flow diagrams are integrated in
   order to allow the user to benefit of a high level of reliability interface.
   Hence, it would exploit the power of system dynamics thinking to overcome
   many of the difficulties.  Also, the Vensim software is applied as the
   system dynamics modelling and simulation software.  Some sensitivity
   analyses are presented to accurately the model structure and behaviour, too.
   As a result, with application and advantages of the proposed method, system
   administrators would have better perception for decision making in various
   conditions.  Copyright © 2013 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
DE maintenance; reliability; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 817
AR Xie Q-J, 2012, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V24, P952
TI Study on system dynamics model for trust mechanism of internetware
AU Xie Q-J; Su Z-B; Zheng P; Xie X-Q
TC 0
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2012
AB Combined with the basic principles of interpersonal trust relationship's
   establishment, and the method of qualitative and quantitative analysis, a
   system dynamics model for trust mechanism of internetware was proposed.
   Based on the idea of system dynamics, the relevant factors which influence
   the trust level of internetware were analyzed.  The dynamics equations for
   knowledge accumulation and trust evaluation were established.  Experimental
   simulations via the platform of Vensim PLE demonstrate that the
   establishment of system dynamics model for trust mechanism of interware not
   only contributes to the analysis of trust environment for interware, but
   also provides a new valuable approach.
DE dynamics equation; internetware; system dynamics; trust model

---

UT 818
AR Tan BS, 2015, J ENG SCI TECHNOL, V10, P1150
TI Sustainable growth of the commercial aviation industry in Malaysia using a
   system dynamics approach
AU Tan BS; Yap EH/1
TC 7
SO J ENG SCI TECHNOL
PY 2015
AB The environmental impact of the commercial aviation industry for an emerging
   economy like Malaysia is under-studied.  The focus on the subject has thus
   far concentrated either on non-geographical performance of the aviation
   industry or technical performance of aircrafts and that leaves the
   sustainability of the commercial aviation industry for an economy, or more
   specifically, an emerging economy least understood.  Hence, this paper aims
   to investigate the sustainability of the growth of the commercial aviation
   industry in Malaysia and its impact upon the environment using a system
   dynamics approach.  VENSIM is employed to model the commercial aviation
   industry in Malaysia as a dynamic system to evaluate the CO2 emitted from
   each component within the industry in order to forecast its overall CO2
   emission.  Results from the analysis show that sustainable growth can be
   affected by adopting short and long term strategies identified in this
   study.  © School of Engineering, Taylor’s University.
DE aircraft design; commercial aviation; malaysia; system dynamics

---

UT 819
AR Li Z, 2014, PROC INT SYMP ADV CONSTR MANAG REAL ESTATE, P1071, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-35548-6_109
TI The conceptual model of the design for construction waste minimization based
   on system dynamics
AU Li Z; Wang X/2; Li P/1
TC 4
SO PROC INT SYMP ADV CONSTR MANAG REAL ESTATE
PY 2014
AB Construction waste minimization has caused widespread concerns in research
   field worldwide.  Many literature indicate that the architectural designer
   should conduct waste minimization design to reduce construction waste to a
   proper level.  Based on questionnaire and interview survey, the study
   identifies the main factors affecting the minimization level of waste at the
   design stage.  Based on above key factors, with the help of VENSIM system
   dynamics software, this study builds the conceptual model of design and
   management for construction waste minimization.  The model composes four
   subsystems, namely architectural design, waste generation, waste disposal,
   and waste performance assessment.  Upon the conceptual model, the research
   reveals the interaction mechanism of the main factors that affect the level
   of waste minimization at the design stage, which make architectural
   designers better understand the impact and significance of the design
   planning on construction waste minimization.  © 2014 Springer-Verlag Berlin
   Heidelberg.
DE conceptual model; construction waste; minimization; system dynamics
ID architectural design; optimization; project management; surveys; system
   theory; architectural designer; conceptual model; construction wastes;
   interaction mechanisms; interview survey; performance assessment; system
   dynamics; waste minimization; conservation

---

UT 820
AR Guizzi G, 2019, COMPUT IND ENG, V137, DOI 10.1016/j.cie.2019.106052
TI An integrated and parametric simulation model to improve production and
   maintenance processes: Towards a digital factory performance
AU Guizzi G; Falcone D; De Felice F
TC 34
SO COMPUT IND ENG
PY 2019
AB In recent years with the emergence of the concept of Industry 4.0
   digitalization is transforming the industrial scenario.  A great attention
   is focused on integrated simulation system, an emerging enabling technology,
   as a particular decision support tool, to represent the increasingly complex
   modern production systems.  The advantage is that it is possible to perform
   simulations and reconfigure models to evaluate modified or alternative
   scenarios to achieve current demands of increasingly competitive markets.
   The aim of the present research is the definition of an integrated
   parametric simulation model for integration management enhancing the
   production and maintenance process.  Thus, a framework for implementing
   simulation models that help production and maintenance managers to make
   cost-effective decisions as well as optimize the use of resources is
   developed.  System Dynamics approach is used to simulate, through PowerSim
   Software®, the nonlinear behavior of the analyzed complex systems over time.
   The results revealed that the proposed simulation optimization procedure can
   be used to solve and to manage complexity in a ‘‘real-time’’. Furthermore,
   the output of this simulation optimization procedure gives the decision
   maker the most probable scenario.  © 2019 Elsevier Ltd
DE complex systems; data-driven approach; digital factory; simulation model;
   system dynamics
ID cost effectiveness; decision making; decision support systems; large scale
   systems; maintenance; system theory; cost effective decision; data-driven
   approach; digital factories; modern production systems; simulation model;
   simulation-optimization; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; digital
   integrated circuits

---

UT 821
AR Li HX, 2017, CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM, P581
TI Simulation research on factors influencing miners' safety climate perception
   and its application
AU Li HX; Ren JH
TC 0
SO CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM
PY 2017
AB In order to reduce the occurrence of miners' unsafe behavior, a system model
   was built for factors influencing miners' safety climate perception
   according to the principle of system dynamics.  The mechanism of the factors
   influencing miners' safety climate perception was dynamically simulated by
   using the Vensim PLE. The results show that: The effect of safety awareness
   was the most significant, the effect of safety commitment was relatively
   stable, and the effect of safety information stimulation was rapidly
   decreased in the later stage; The effect of reducing the working pressure is
   also significant, especially to reduce the working intensity; The degree of
   safety training and safety communication indirectly affect the perceived
   level of safety climate.
DE influencing factors; safety awareness; safety climate perception;
   simulation; system dynamics
ID miners; project management; system theory; influencing factors; safety
   awareness; safety climate; simulation; system dynamics; climate models

---

UT 822
AR Crookes DJ/1, 2016, AFR J ECON MANAG SCI, V19, P733, DOI
   10.17159/2222-3436/2016/v19n5a4
TI Predator-prey analysis using system dynamics: An application to the steel
   industry
AU Crookes DJ/1; Blignaut JN
TC 15
SO AFR J ECON MANAG SCI
PY 2016
AB In this paper, we use a predator-prey model to simulate intersectoral
   dynamics, with the global steel sector as the prey that supplies inputs and
   the automotive sector as the predator that demands its inputs.  A further
   prey, an additional upstream supply sector, namely the iron ore sector, is
   added to reflect the implications of scarcity and resource limitations for
   industrial development and economic prospects.  We find that capacity
   constraints in the steel industry could limit the future supply of vehicles,
   a result exacerbated by the unsustainable use of iron ore reserves.  The
   solution is not for marginal steel industries to close, but for steelmakers
   to adapt and move to less resource-demanding secondary steelmaking
   technology rather than focusing on primary steelmaking.  The forecasting
   capabilities of the model are compared with the outputs from a neural-
   network model.  Although the results are comparable over the short term (±10
   years), over the long term, results diverge, showing that forecasting steel-
   industry dynamics is complex and that further work is required to
   disentangle the drivers of supply and demand.  This study indicates the
   potential advantages of using predator-prey models in modelling the supply
   chain in economics.  © 2016, University of Pretoria.  All Rights Reserved.
DE iron ore; neural network; predator-prey; steel; system dynamics; vehicles;
   vensim

---

UT 823
AR Létavková D, 2014, INT MULTIDISCIP SCI GEOCONF SURV GEOL MIN ECOL MANAG
   SGEM, V1, P439
TI Modelling for batch service queuing systems from the point of view of system
   dynamics
AU Létavková D; Matušková S; Kebo V
TC 0
SO INT MULTIDISCIP SCI GEOCONF SURV GEOL MIN ECOL MANAG SGEM
PY 2014
AB The paper focuses of the specific issues of modelling batch service queuing
   systems.  It deals with traditional methods of simulation by Petri networks,
   as well as options offered by utilizing the Powersim Studio that belongs to
   SW group for dynamic modelling.  If the mathematics of batch service queuing
   systems is integrated into the system dynamics rules, the final model
   functionality increases considerably, providing for application by many
   fields of practice.  The paper also takes into account the issues of optimum
   service provisions as regards customers of retail trade networks.  ©
   SGEM2014.
DE batch service; dynamic modeling; petri networks; queuing system
ID dynamic models; queueing theory; sales; system theory; batch service; batch
   service queuing system; petri network; queuing systems; retail trade;
   service provisions; system dynamics; queueing networks

---

UT 824
AR Wang X/11, 2017, SUSTAIN, V9, DOI 10.3390/su9061003
TI China's rare earths production forecasting and sustainable development
   policy Implications
AU Wang X/11; Yao M; Li J/7; Zhang K/1; Zhu H/2; Zheng M
TC 43
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2017
AB Because of their unique physical and chemical properties, Rare earth
   elements (REEs) perform important functions in our everyday lives, with use
   in a range of products.  Recently, the study of China's rare earth elements
   production has become a hot topic of worldwide interest, because of its
   dominant position in global rare earth elements supply, and an increasing
   demand for rare earth elements due to the constant use of rare earth
   elements in high-tech manufacturing industries.  At the same time, as an
   exhaustible resource, the sustainable development of rare earth elements has
   received extensive attention.  However, most of the study results are based
   on a qualitative analysis of rare earth elements distribution and production
   capacity, with few studies using quantitative modeling.  To achieve reliable
   results with more factors being taken into consideration, this paper applies
   the generic multivariant system dynamics model to forecast China's rare
   earth elements production trend and Hubbert peak, using Vensim software
   based on the Hubbert model.  The results show that the peak of China's rare
   earth elements production will appear by 2040, and that production will
   slowly decline afterwards.  Based on the results, the paper proposes some
   policy recommendations for the sustainable development of China's-and the
   world's-rare earth elements market and rare earth-related industries.  ©
   2017 by the authors.
DE policy recommendations; production forecast; rare earths; sustainable
   development; system dynamics model
ID china; forecasting method; manufacturing; policy making; rare earth element;
   sustainable development

---

UT 825
AR Boyko AA, 2019, J PHYS CONF SER, V1353, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1353/1/012124
TI Imitation-dynamic model of amortization of reproductive effect with
   different methods of calculation
AU Boyko AA; Kukartsev VV/1; Smolina ES; Tynchenko VS; Shamlitskiy YI; Fedorova
   NV
TC 19
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2019
AB This article presents an imitational-dynamic model for calculating the
   reproductive effect of amortization of fixed production assets with various
   accrual methods.  The model was developed on the basis of the system
   dynamics method using Powersim Studio tools.  In the model, calculations
   were carried out for five amortization methods: Linear; arithmetic-
   digressive (declining balance method); geometrically digressive; progressive
   and method of writing off the cost of the survival year sum.  The model was
   used as a tool to study the impact of various amortization methods on the
   dynamics of its reproductive effect.  As a result of experiments with
   variants, the most effective method was determined.  The conducted study
   allows concluding that the constructed imitational-dynamic model is quite
   universal and on its basis, it is possible to conduct a variety of studies
   concerning various issues related to amortization deductions.  © 2019
   Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID dynamic models; industrial research; manufacture; balance methods; imitation
   dynamics; production assets; reproductive effects; system dynamics;
   depreciation

---

UT 826
AR Lagarda-Leyva EA, 2019, INT J SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG, V8, P43
TI Collection and distribution of wheat, dynamic of theprocess of shipping to
   international markets: Case study
AU Lagarda-Leyva EA
TC 6
SO INT J SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG
PY 2019
AB This article presents the case study developed over five months in an
   agrofood company from Southern Sonora.  The problem detected was the lack of
   quantitative information for decision making in the processes of wheat
   collection, transport, and sales in domestic and international markets.  The
   aim was to build a dynamic interface that would allow observing the
   quantitative scenarios in the distribution link.  The method included the
   prior analysis of the processes of wheat collection and delivery at the Port
   of Guaymas to attend to the demands of Algeria, Nigeria, and Venezuela.
   This article only presents information from deliveries to Algeria as an
   international destination, where the demand varies from 49 thousand to 86
   thousand tons of wheat annually; the organization was looking into how to
   concentrate all the quantitative information and make decisions based on
   possible modifications of their collection and delivery policies.  The
   system dynamics methodology employing Stella Architect® software generated
   the development of a dynamic and visual user interface that allowed them to
   observe each of the quantitative scenarios associated with the amount of
   wheat that was being moved from the wheat collection centers to the domestic
   and international destinations.  The main findings are that decision making
   supported by a user-friendly and visual dynamic interface allows the
   interested parties to modify the higher priority indicators and in thus
   observe the scenarios according to current and future policies in wheat
   distribution logistics; this establishes that the system dynamics
   methodology is a practical and reliable development and analysis tool for
   solutions in the agrofood sector.  © ExcelingTech Pub, UK.
DE agrofood; distribution; interface; simulation; supply chain; system
   dynamics; wheat

---

UT 827
AR Teng J, 2016, SUSTAIN CITIES SOC, V23, P50, DOI 10.1016/j.scs.2016.02.018
TI Decision-making tools for evaluation the impact on the eco-footprint and
   eco-environmental quality of green building development policy
AU Teng J; Wang P; Wu X/1; Xu C
TC 29
SO SUSTAIN CITIES SOC
PY 2016
AB Building projects consume large amount of energy and resources, and emit
   solid waste and CO2 harmful to the eco-environment.  In order to study the
   eco-environmental impact of green building development policies, a "Green
   Building Eco-environment (GBE)" model is constructed with the method of
   System Dynamics and implemented using the Vensim software.  The model is
   used to simulate and evaluate the current state and future trend of
   variation of the eco-environmental impact of green building development in
   Wuhan during the years 2008-2050 under current green building development
   policies.  Some policy factors are then adjusted in the simulation to
   determine the optimal green building development policies, under which the
   quality of the regional ecological environment in Wuhan would be improved
   most economically.  © 2016 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE ecological system; strategy optimization; system simulation
ID buildings; carbon dioxide; decision making; ecology; quality control;
   building projects; decision making tool; eco-environmental quality;
   ecological environments; ecological systems; strategy optimization; system
   simulations; vensim softwares; environmental impact

---

UT 828
AR Shi C/1, 2016, JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG, V22, P492, DOI
   10.13196/j.cims.2016.02.022
TI Modeling and simulation of fast fashion product development process based on
   time competition
AU Shi C/1; Yang Y/1; Chen W/3
TC 1
SO JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG
PY 2016
AB To solve the problem of long cycle time and late delivery in fast fashion
   product development, the idea of process optimization was proposed to model
   the product development process of fast fashion structurally and build the
   simulation experiment platform.  Through investigation of the case
   enterprise, the product development process of S brand was teased out from
   the middle level perspective.  System dynamics was introduced to model the
   process and organize the stock-flow diagram.  Differential equation was used
   to build the variables relationship quantitatively and calculate the time
   performance of process, which realized the synchronous parallel simulation
   of product development process technically.  STELLA software was used to
   simulate, verify and validate the proposed model, and the results showed
   that simulation outputs coped with mean batch method was unbiased, effective
   and consistent.  © 2016, CIMS. All right reserved.
DE fast fashion; optimization; product development process; simulation; system
   dynamics; time-based competition
ID computer software; differential equations; optimization; system theory; fast
   fashion; product development process; simulation; system dynamics; time-
   based competition; product development

---

UT 829
AR Huntsinger GC, 2012, INTERFACES, V42, P395, DOI 10.1287/inte.1110.0605
TI The US army projects the effect of merit pay on payroll growth
AU Huntsinger GC; Burk RC; Trainor TE
TC 1
SO INTERFACES
PY 2012
AB The National Security Personnel System (NSPS) was designed to provide
   greater opportunity for merit-based pay raises than the preexisting civil
   service system.  However, a US Army organization was concerned that over
   time the accumulation of merit raises would make the total payroll
   unaffordable.  We were asked to investigate the conditions under which this
   situation would be likely to happen.  We used the Vensim modeling software
   to produce a model of the influences and events that would cause payroll to
   rise or fall from year to year.  Our analysis showed that the merit pay
   policies in place at the start of our study were very likely to lead to
   undesirable growth in total pay and a concentration of all employees near
   the maximum allowed salary, defeating the purpose of NSPS -to reward better
   service with more pay.  The most important factors were the fraction of
   merit pay that was given as merit raises (as opposed to bonuses) and the
   salaries of people newly hired to replace those who left the organization.
   We showed how departing senior employees should be replaced with less-senior
   ones to avoid long-term payroll growth.  We used the model to find the
   combinations of merit pay and new-hire policies that would balance the
   effect of these two major influences and produce little or no long-term
   payroll growth.  We also showed that some other influences that had
   concerned the client were actually of small effect compared to the
   stochastic uncertainty in payroll growth.  Another influence, attrition,
   produced a more substantial effect.  The interactive nature of the model
   allowed real-time exploration of alternatives with the client and helped
   build confidence in the robustness of the results.  These results highlight
   potential problem areas needing careful analysis in implementing similar
   merit pay systems.  © 2012 INFORMS.
DE government defense; manpower planning; markov processes;
   motivation/incentives; organizational studies; probability; simulation;
   systems dynamics

---

UT 830
AR Li C-F, 2011, INT CONF SYST SCI ENG DES MANUF INFORMATIZ ICSEM, V2, P172,
   DOI 10.1109/ICSSEM.2011.6081269
TI Scenario simulation of Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-city development based on
   system dynamics
AU Li C-F; Wang L-Y; Tan H-L
TC 2
SO INT CONF SYST SCI ENG DES MANUF INFORMATIZ ICSEM
PY 2011
AB Based on System Dynamics methodology, this paper analyzes the characters of
   eco-city and structure of the system comprehensively and constructs a system
   dynamics model of eco-city.  The model simulates the flow and circulation of
   material, energy and information in Eco-city system which is composed of
   population, economy, resource and environment subsystems.  Using system
   dynamics software Vensim PLE, results show that scenario 5 & 6 of the six
   are the optimal scenarios of Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-city, whose economic
   progress stably; whose ecological system is virtuous circle; whose
   industrial structure is optimized.  And the policy could provide scientific
   evidences and powerful supports for the sustainable development of Sino-
   Singapore Tianjin Eco-city.  © 2011 IEEE.
DE eco-city; industrial structure; simulation; sino-singapore tianjin eco-city;
   system dynamics
ID computer simulation; computer software; industrial applications;
   manufacture; optimization; system theory; eco-city; industrial structure;
   simulation; system dynamics; tianjin; ecology

---

UT 831
AR Zhang L/1, 2020, SUSTAIN, V12, P1, DOI 10.3390/su12010341
TI Second use value of china’s new energy vehicle battery: A view based on
   multi-scenario simulation
AU Zhang L/1; Liu Y/14; Pang B; Sun B/2; Kokko A
TC 30
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2020
AB Nowadays, many countries are actively seeking ways to solve the energy
   crisis and environmental pollution.  New Energy Vehicle (NEV) has become an
   important way to solve these problems.  With the rapid development of NEV,
   its batteries need to be replaced with new batteries after 5–8 years.
   Therefore, whether the second use of NEV’s battery has commercial or social
   value becomes a research hotspot.  The innovation of this paper is to use
   the cost-benefit method to determine the value influencing factors of NEV’s
   battery second use, and use system dynamics to perform scenario simulation
   analysis.  The methods used in this paper are the cost-benefit method and
   system dynamics method.  Firstly, this paper systematically analyzes the
   cost and benefit factors that affect the second use value of China’s NEV
   batteries and uses system dynamics to establish the relationship and value
   model among various factors.  Then, this paper compares the value of battery
   energy storage between old batteries and new batteries.  According to the
   cost-income factor analysis, this paper eventually selects specific factors
   and uses VENSIM software to carry out the multi-scenario simulation.  The
   results show that NEV’s battery second use has commercial and social value
   compared to new battery energy storage.  Moreover, battery cost, government
   subsidies, and electricity prices are three important factors that affect
   the second use value of China’s NEV battery.  Changing the government’s cash
   subsidy methods, such as providing free batteries or combining new energy to
   reduce on-grid tariffs, will help increase the second use value of the NEV
   battery.  In the future, the second use value of China’s NEV battery
   industry will be more significant, with the update of the technology, the
   surge in the number of NEV’s used batteries, and government support.  © 2020
   by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE battery; energy storage; scenario simulation; second use; value
ID china; electric vehicle; electricity; energy storage; equipment; price
   determination; simulation; software

---

UT 832
AR Wang Z/4, 2010, PROC - INT CONF MANAG INNOV MANAG IND ENG ICIII, V2, P639,
   DOI 10.1109/ICIII.2010.319
TI Studies on brain drain of Jilin province based on system dynamics
AU Wang Z/4; Zhu B; Wang Y/16
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF MANAG INNOV MANAG IND ENG ICIII
PY 2010
AB A system evaluation model for the research of brain drain of Jilin province
   was built based on the theory and methods of system dynamics and the complex
   Socio-economic system.  By virtue of Vensim software and the branch vector
   determinant feedback loop method, several typical SD-based models were
   acquired, and the analysis results of dynamic complexity and dynamic
   feedback on vertical level were brought out.  According to the results,
   policy recommendations of adjusting the investment structure, smoothing the
   growth of investment on education, improving the investment on science were
   given out for government's decision-making.  © 2010 IEEE.
DE brain drain; economy growth; investment; sd model
ID decision making; industrial engineering; information management; innovation;
   investments; system theory; analysis results; brain drain; dynamic
   complexity; dynamic feedback; economy growth; feedback loop; jilin province;
   sd model; socio-economic systems; system dynamics; system evaluation; theory
   and methods; economics

---

UT 833
AR Demczuk A, 2017, BIOMASS BIOENERGY, V97, P186, DOI
   10.1016/j.biombioe.2016.12.021
TI Using system dynamics modeling to evaluate the feasibility of ethanol supply
   chain in Brazil: The role of sugarcane yield, gasoline prices and sales tax
   rates
AU Demczuk A; Padula AD
TC 46
SO BIOMASS BIOENERGY
PY 2017
AB This paper explores how sugarcane yield, gasoline prices and sales tax rates
   affect the production and consumption of ethanol from sugarcane in Brazil.
   The system dynamics model of the sugarcane and ethanol production chain
   explores the impact of these variables to evaluate the feasibility of
   ethanol production.  Using the VENSIM software different arrangements for
   sugarcane yield, gasoline prices and sales tax were simulated (horizon of 20
   years). Brazil's Federal Government policy of gasoline price below the
   international price and the diversity of state sales tax rates produce
   distortions in the ethanol market and impose considerable constraints on the
   development of the ethanol industry.  The simulations show that to ensure
   the feasibility of ethanol production, the pump price of regular gasoline
   would need to be US$1.95 per liter, which is far higher than the US$1.26 per
   liter currently charged.  Public policies involving the liberalization of
   gasoline prices and the homogenization of the sales taxes on ethanol among
   the Brazilian states could reduce the distortions caused by these policies.
   These policies could contribute to reduce uncertainty in the ethanol sector
   and encourage technological and productive investments.  Future research
   could add and evaluate the impacts of the environmental benefits of ethanol
   production and consumption (Carbon Trade Market, Payment for Environmental
   Services and Bioelectricity production) and of sugarcane byproducts on its
   feasibility.  The sensitivity analysis revealed the effectiveness of the
   model to support policies and managerial decisionmaking process in the
   sugarcane ethanol sector.  © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
DE ethanol supply chain; feasibility; gasoline prices; sugarcane yield; system
   dynamics; tax rates
ID brazil; byproducts; carbon; costs; electrophysiology; energy policy;
   ethanol; gasoline; investments; public policy; sales; sensitivity analysis;
   supply chains; system theory; feasibility; gasoline prices; sugarcane yield;
   system dynamics; tax rates; biofuel; crop yield; ethanol; feasibility study;
   federal system; fuel consumption; liberalization; policy making; price
   dynamics; sensitivity analysis; software; sugar cane; supply chain
   management; tax system; taxation

---

UT 834
AR Boyko AA, 2018, J PHYS CONF SER, V1015, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1015/4/042006
TI Strategic planning toolset for reproduction of machinebuilding engines and
   equipment
AU Boyko AA; Kukartsev VV/1; Lobkov KY; Stupina AA
TC 22
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2018
AB This article illustrates a replica of a dynamic model of machine-building
   equipment.  The model was designed on the basis of a 'system dynamics
   method' including the Powersim Studio toolset.  The given model provides the
   basis and delineates the reproduction process of equipment in its natural as
   well as appraisal forms.  The presented model was employed as a tool to
   explore reproduction of a wide range of engines and equipment in machine-
   building industry.  As a result of these experiments, a variety of
   reproducible options were revealed which include productive capacity and
   distribution of equipment among technology groups.  The authors' research
   concludes that the replica of the dynamic model designed by us has proved to
   be universal.  This also opens the way for further research exploring a wide
   range of industrial equipment reproduction.  © Published under licence by
   IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID construction industry; dynamic models; industrial research; information
   systems; industrial equipment; machine building; machine building industry;
   productive capacity; system dynamics; toolsets; engines

---

UT 835
AR Umeda JE, 2020, BRAZ ORAL RES, V34, DOI 10.1590/1807-3107BOR-2020.VOL34.0017
TI System dynamics modeling for tooth decay treatment in Brazilian children
AU Umeda JE; Chichakly K; Passos GF; Terada RSS; Pascotto RC; Fujimaki M
TC 5
SO BRAZ ORAL RES
PY 2020
AB Prevention and health promotion are considered important strategies to
   control oral diseases.  Dental caries is preventable disease and remains the
   most common chronic disease that affects mainly low income children and
   still considered the main cause of tooth loss in adulthood in Brazil.  The
   aim of this study is to present a System Dynamics model (SDM) specifically
   developed with the Stella Architect software to estimate the cost and
   clinical hours required to control the evolution of dental caries in
   preschool children in Maringa, Brazil.  Two main strategies to control
   caries were considered in the model: the application of fluoride varnish on
   teeth presenting white spots, and the use of Atraumatic Restorative
   Treatment (ART) in cavitated carious lesions without pulp involvement.  The
   parameters used in the model were: number of people covered by a local oral
   health team = 4,000; number of children up to 5 years = 7% of the
   population; children's decayed, missing, filled teeth (dmft) index = 2.4;
   time/cost of 4 applications of fluoride varnish = 5 minutes/US$ 0.716; and
   time/cost of each ART restoration = 15 minutes/US$ 1.475. The SDM generated
   an estimated total cost of US$698.00, and a total of 112 clinical hours to
   treat the population in question.  The use of the SDM presented here has the
   potential to assist decision making by measuring the material and human
   resources required to prevent and control dental caries at an early age.  ©
   2020 Sociedade Brasileira de Hematologia e Hemoterapia.
DE dental atraumatic restorative treatment; dental caries; dentists; systems
   analysis
ID brazil; child preschool; dental atraumatic restorative treatment; dental
   caries; dental materials; dmf index; female; fluorides topical; humans;
   male; software; systems analysis; time factors; dental material; fluoride
   varnish; atraumatic restorative treatment; brazil; dental caries; dmf index;
   economics; female; human; male; preschool child; procedures; software;
   system analysis; time factor

---

UT 836
AR Xue N, 2019, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V300, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/300/3/032069
TI Environmental and resource recovery efficiency assessment of the obsolete
   mobile phones recycling system
AU Xue N
TC 1
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2019
AB Considering environmental protection and resource recovery efficiency, the
   building of low pollution and high efficiency for recycling system of
   obsolete mobile phones has been a huge issue.  Through system dynamics, the
   recycling model of obsolete mobile phone is built, which involving the
   recycling effect under different recycling situations between formal and
   informal recyclers.  The vensim PLE software is used to simulate and assess
   influence variables in the model.  The results show that the formal
   recycling system can improve the efficiency of recovery and reuse or
   recycling of obsolete mobile phones.  © 2019 IOP Publishing Ltd.  All rights
   reserved.
ID cellular telephones; efficiency; environmental protection; recycling;
   sustainable development; high-efficiency; low pollution; recyclers;
   recycling systems; resource recovery; system dynamics; electronic waste

---

UT 837
AR Wang C/6, 2016, INT CONF LOGIST INFORMATICS SERV SCI LISS, DOI
   10.1109/LISS.2016.7854456
TI Research on the simulation model of the supply chain with the constraint of
   carbon emissions
AU Wang C/6; Zhang K; Mu D
TC 0
SO INT CONF LOGIST INFORMATICS SERV SCI LISS
PY 2016
AB In this paper, we study the coordination of the two-stage supply chain which
   composed of one manufacturer and one retailer.  Based on the hypothesis that
   demand will increase with the increase of emission reduction rate, we
   develop a model in which the manufacturer takes charge of the reduction of
   carbon emissions, and the retailer drives revenue-sharing contract.  Using
   vensim, the software of system dynamics, to simulate this model, we can see
   the relations among factors used in the supply chain model clearly.  We make
   4 plans to analysis the effect of the constraint of carbon emissions and
   revenue sharing coefficient on the profit of supply chain.  Finally the
   optimal emission reduction rate of the manufacturer and the best revenue
   sharing coefficient of the retailer is concluded.  This method proposed can
   provide references for coordinating supply chains.  © 2016 IEEE
DE carbon emissions; revenue sharing; supply chain; system dynamics
ID carbon; emission control; manufacture; sales; carbon emissions; emission
   reduction; revenue sharing contracts; revenue sharing; simulation model;
   supply chain modeling; system dynamics; two-stage supply chains; supply
   chains

---

UT 838
AR [Anonymous], 2019, IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG, V536, DOI
   10.1088/1757-899X/536/1/012072
TI Planning A Village Waste Management System using System Dynamics Modelling
   and Simulation: TPS 3R Case Study in Aceh, Indonesia
TC 4
SO IOP CONF SER MATER SCI ENG
PY 2019
AB The increasing amount of waste every year leads to the increasing capacity
   load and the decreasing life cycle of the landfill.  In Banda Aceh, the
   official landfill is no longer able to accommodate garbage by 2018. Thus, in
   order to reduce the load on the landfill, waste reduction activities from
   sources must be conducted as mandated in the constitution UU No.18 2008. TPS
   3R (Waste Processing Facility Reduce Reuse Recycle) is introduced by
   Ministry of Public Works as a waste management system from its source in
   villages.  It has been planned to be built at several points in Banda Aceh
   villages, including Rukoh.  In order to achieve the target of waste
   reduction according to Permen PU No.3 2013 and the Government of Aceh by 30%
   in 2020, the appropriate TPS 3R specification is required to achieve such
   number.  In this research, system dynamics modelling and simulation using
   software Stella Architect used to develop the best-case scenario for waste
   management system in Rukoh Village in the form of TPS 3R. The main result is
   that the facility should be built with combination of 1 unit of composter, 2
   units of plastic counters, and minimum participation of 131 households.  ©
   Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID computer software; land fill; life cycle; system theory; aceh  indonesia;
   banda aceh; increasing capacities; system dynamics modeling; waste
   management systems; waste processing; waste reduction; rural areas

---

UT 839
AR Lan T-S, 2013, MATH PROBL ENG, V2013, DOI 10.1155/2013/298621
TI A study of developing a system dynamics model for the learning effectiveness
   evaluation
AU Lan T-S; Lan Y-H; Chen K-L; Chen P-C; Lin W-C
TC 10
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2013
AB This study used the research method of system dynamics and applied the
   Vensim software to develop a learning effectiveness evaluation model.  This
   study developed four cause-and-effect chains affecting learning
   effectiveness, including teachers' teaching enthusiasm, family involvement,
   school's implementation of scientific activities, and creative teaching
   method, as well as the system dynamics model based on the four cause-and-
   effect chains.  Based on the developed system dynamic model, this study
   performed simulation to investigate the relationship among family
   involvement, learning effectiveness, teaching achievement, creative teaching
   method, and students' learning interest.  The results of this study verified
   that there are positive correlations between family involvement and
   students' learning effectiveness, as well as students' learning
   effectiveness and teachers' teaching achievements.  The results also
   indicated that the use of creative teaching method is able to increase
   students' learning interest and learning achievement.  © 2013 Tian-Syung Lan
   et al.
ID chains; system theory; teaching; learning achievement; learning
   effectiveness; positive correlations; research methods; scientific activity;
   system dynamic models; system dynamics model; vensim softwares; students

---

UT 840
AR Wu C, 2015, MATH PROBL ENG, V2015, DOI 10.1155/2015/502739
TI Model for Estimation Urban Transportation Supply-Demand Ratio
AU Wu C; Pei Y; Gao J/3
TC 19
SO MATH PROBL ENG
PY 2015
AB The paper establishes an estimation model of urban transportation supply-
   demand ratio (TSDR) to quantitatively describe the conditions of an urban
   transport system and to support a theoretical basis for transport policy-
   making.  This TSDR estimation model is supported by the system dynamic
   principle and the VENSIM (an application that simulates the real system). It
   was accomplished by long-term observation of eight cities' transport
   conditions and by analyzing the estimated results of TSDR from fifteen sets
   of refined data.  The estimated results indicate that an urban TSDR can be
   classified into four grades representing four transport conditions: "scarce
   supply," "short supply," "supply-demand balance," and "excess supply."
   These results imply that transport policies or measures can be quantified to
   facilitate the process of ordering and screening them.  © 2015 Chaoqun Wu et
   al.
ID transportation; estimation models; long-term observations; real systems;
   supply-demand ratio; supply-demand balances; system dynamics; transport
   policy; urban transport systems; urban transportation

---

UT 841
AR Tung C-P, 2013, TAIWAN WATER CONSERV, V61, P1
TI The study of integrated assessment of regional water supply capacity under
   climate change
AU Tung C-P; Liu T-M; Li M-H; Hong N-M; Sung R-T; Lin C-Y; Tsao J-H
TC 1
SO TAIWAN WATER CONSERV
PY 2013
AB The capacity of water supply in the water resources system is neither just
   the quantity of the river discharge nor the summation of storage of the
   reservoirs.  To estimate it reasonably, it must be considered with both
   demand side and supply side which includes the systematic combination of
   hydrology, climate, reservoirs, weirs, water treatment plants and others.
   Due to climate change, the temporal distribution of precipitation might be
   changed in the future.  The capacity of water supply might be affected with
   changing climate.  This study used an integrated climate change impact
   assessment system - TaiWAP with the system dynamic model to establish the
   regional water resources system to analyze and approach the carrying
   capacity of water supply system in a case of Kaohsiung water resources
   system.  The impact assessments of climatic change with precipitation, flow
   discharge, and water supply capacity of the watersheds were done by using an
   integrated tool, TaiWAP, which consists of SRES scenarios, weather
   generation model, GWLF hydrology model, and system dynamics model - Vensim.
   The planned strategies for water supply system were also applied to evaluate
   the shortage of water supply capacity under climate change.
DE capacity of water supply; climate change; risk of water shortage; system
   dynamics
ID kaohsiung; taiwan; hydrology; system theory; water resources; water supply;
   water supply systems; climate change impact assessments; integrated
   assessment; regional water resources; system dynamic models; system
   dynamics; system dynamics model; water resources systems; water shortages;
   climate change; discharge; integrated approach; precipitation ( climatology
   ); risk assessment; river water; water planning; water resource; water
   supply; watershed; climate change

---

UT 842
AR Wang X-M, 2012, PROC INT CONF MANAG INNOV MANAG IND ENG ICIII, V3, P449
TI Study on evolution of 3E system in different economic growth speed - Taking
   Shandong as an example
AU Wang X-M; Sun J-F
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF MANAG INNOV MANAG IND ENG ICIII
PY 2012
AB Based on the theories of system dynamics, the model of economy-energy-
   environmental system is constructed in which the relationships of each
   indicator in economy, energy, environmental systems are analyzed.  With the
   statistical data of Shandong province from 2001 to 2010, development results
   from 2011 to 2020 of Shandong province 3E system are implied by using Vensim
   software, and then, by altering some key indicators' values, the development
   trends of Shandong province 3E system in different development patterns are
   simulated.  According to different characters of the development patterns,
   some countermeasures and suggestions are put forward.  ©2012 IEEE.
DE 3e system; evolution; system dynamics; vensim
ID industrial engineering; information management; innovation; system theory;
   3e system; development results; development trends; economic growths;
   environmental systems; evolution; key indicator; shandong; shandong
   province; statistical datas; system dynamics; vensim; economics

---

UT 843
AR Wen Keat K, 2014, PROC - IEEE INT CONF SOLID-STATE INTEGR CIRCUIT TECHNOL
   ICSICT, DOI 10.1109/ICT4M.2014.7020679
TI Responsible tourism system dynamic planning model for rural area
AU Wen Keat K; Musa NB
TC 3
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF SOLID-STATE INTEGR CIRCUIT TECHNOL ICSICT
PY 2014
AB Rural Tourism has the potential to contribute significantly to the economic
   development of Malaysia.  However, like other forms of tourism,
   sustainability is its main problem.  Responsible Tourism (RT) is a new
   movement claims that could enhance sustainability in Malaysia tourism
   industry.  A dynamic simulation model has been developed to assist decision
   makers in RT development.  Lundu is chosen as a destination in structuring
   the causal loop diagram to help understand the dynamic relationship between
   environment, tourism and local population.  A simulation model is designed
   using mathematical equations in the causal loop diagram.  In this model,
   several scenarios were used to analyze the data obtained and results
   generated were being analysed.  Validation of the model in usability is done
   by a few tourism research officers.  Key indicators were refined to improve
   the effectiveness and consistency.  This study shows that system dynamic
   modelling is an effective and powerful tool to help understand the complex
   tourism system by presenting a comprehensive picture.  It is hoped that this
   model will help policy makers in the decision making to achieve desirable
   outcomes.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE sustainability sustainable tourism; system dynamic; tourism; vensim
ID decision making; rural areas; sustainable development; causal loop diagrams;
   economic development; mathematical equations; sustainable tourism; system
   dynamic modeling; system dynamics; tourism; vensim; dynamic models

---

UT 844
AR Zhang X/7, 2019, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P182, DOI 10.1145/3357292.3357323
TI TRA-SD based modelling and simulation to assess the impact of shared bicycle
   on urban traffic system
AU Zhang X/7; Ding Y/1; Cao Y/1
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2019
AB This paper intends to build a coupling model of urban green traffic emission
   reduction considering public's green travel behaviour based on theory of
   planned behaviour.  Then a SD (system dynamics) model is constructed based
   on causal analysis and feedback loop structure considering people's travel
   behaviour choice and the personal factors.  The corresponding weight of
   personal factors was calculated by BP neural network.  The SD model was
   tested on Vensim-PLE software with the data from Shanghai, China.  The
   results show that Shanghai should maintain the promotion of new energy
   vehicles and actively introduce new green means of transportation to improve
   the sustainability of the transportation system.  © 2019 Association for
   Computing Machinery.
DE bpnn; sd; travel behavior causal; vensim ple
ID backpropagation; emission control; information management; software testing;
   bpnn; corresponding weights; feedback loop structure; means of
   transportations; theory of planned behavior; transportation system; travel
   behaviors; vensim ple; behavioral research

---

UT 845
AR Jia S, 2019, ENERGY POLIC, V125, P33, DOI 10.1016/j.enpol.2018.10.012
TI Effect of APCF policy on the haze pollution in China: A system dynamics
   approach
AU Jia S; Liu X/8; Yan G
TC 40
SO ENERGY POLIC
PY 2019
AB To study the effect of the air pollution charging fee (APCF) policy on the
   haze pollution in China, a dynamics management model is constructed with the
   approach of system dynamics and implemented by using the Vensim software.
   This model is used to simulate and assess the effect of APCF policy on the
   traffic and the emissions (particularly carbon monoxide (CO), hydrocarbons
   (HC), nitrogen oxides (NOx), and particulate matter (PM)) in Beijing during
   the years 2011–2025 in different scenarios.  The validity and the robustness
   of the model are verified by a model test and validation, and a reasonable
   range of APCF is determined by using a sensitivity analysis.  The simulation
   results showed that the APCF policy effectively realized the “win-win”
   scenario of emission reduction and congestion release.  In particular, the
   simulation results also indicated some policy effects such as rebound effect
   (from low-APCF policy), inflection-point effect (from high-APCF policy), and
   marginal decreasing effect (between moderate and high-APCF policy). These
   results provide some valid policy recommendations for energy management and
   emission reduction.  © 2018 Elsevier Ltd
DE haze pollution; inflection-point effect; rebound effects; system dynamics;
   vehicle emissions
ID beijing [ china ]; china; carbon monoxide; emission control; nitrogen
   oxides; sensitivity analysis; haze pollutions; inflection points; rebound
   effect; system dynamics; vehicle emission; atmospheric pollution; carbon
   monoxide; environmental economics; haze; hydrocarbon; nitrogen oxides;
   particulate matter; policy analysis; pollution policy; pollution tax;
   traffic emission; system theory

---

UT 846
AR Akinyemi OO, 2016, INT J RELIAB SAF, V10, P158, DOI 10.1504/IJRS.2016.078387
TI Modelling uncertainty in runway safety intervention performance evaluation
AU Akinyemi OO; Adebiyi KA
TC 2
SO INT J RELIAB SAF
PY 2016
AB The uncertainty surrounding the occurrence of runway accidents and the
   generally accepted proactive performance indicator for runway safety
   activities are rarely reported.  This study presents the uncertainty
   associated with runway accident occurrence and evaluates the performance of
   runway safety activities.  Runway accident hazards were modelled using the
   Bayesian Belief Network.  This was integrated into a system dynamics stock
   and flow diagram.  System dynamics software Vensim was used to validate the
   model.  Data spanning ten operational years were collected from the Federal
   Aviation Authority, Nigeria, to estimate parameters for model
   implementation.  Six runway accident hazards representing the parent nodes
   with two states each were modelled.  The child node was runway accident with
   two states, namely YES and NO. The Bayesian probability of occurrence of
   runway accident was obtained.  In all, 23 runway safety quantities were
   identified.  Runway safety intervention performance measures were the
   average number of runway accidents caused, average number of runway
   accidents prevented, runway safety benefit/loss and the runway safety
   intervention investments' breakeven point.  The study shows that the hybrid
   model developed can serve as a useful tool to evaluate the behaviour and
   performance of runway safety.  Copyright © 2016 Inderscience Enterprises
   Ltd.
DE bayesian; runway safety; system dynamics; uncertainty
ID accidents; bayesian networks; hazards; system theory; bayesian; bayesian
   probabilities; federal aviation authorities; model implementation;
   performance indicators; runway safety; system dynamics; uncertainty;
   uncertainty analysis

---

UT 847
AR Li X/5, 2012, SHENGTAI XUEBAO ACTA ECOL SIN, V32, P2965, DOI
   10.5846/stxb201104250542
TI Landscape aesthetic assessment based on experiential paradigm assessment
   technology
AU Li X/5; Hua L
TC 5
SO SHENGTAI XUEBAO ACTA ECOL SIN
PY 2012
AB As urbanization rapidly advances around the globe, there is a simultaneous
   increase in human welfare and an increase in resource and environmental
   burdens.  In 2008, the world's urban population exceeded its rural
   population for the first time in history, and urban areas have entered the
   spotlight in various conflicts between humans and nature.  Research into
   solving urban problems has thus become key to the reconciliation of many
   such conflicts.  As the world's second-largest economy, China is a rapidly
   developing country, and it is affected by many kinds of urban problems; such
   problems are likely to become exacerbated and more complex.  Statistics
   indicate that urbanization in China has rapidly increased from 17. 92% at
   the beginning of its reform and opening-up in 1978 to 46.6% in 2009. In the
   process, urban settlements have undergone transformation in terms of large
   scale, fast pace of restructuring, and diversification.  To study the
   changes in efficiency before and after this urban transformation took place
   has great implications for establishing sustainable human settlement in
   China.  Urban metabolism studies, which are considered an important approach
   toward building sustainablecities and improving the urban operational
   efficiency, are a suitable means of investigating the effects of settlement
   transformation on urban metabolic efficiency.  Through a literature review
   of settlements, settlement forms, and morphological analysis, typical urban
   settlement forms have been identified in this study as old neighborhood,
   traditional welfare neighborhood, average commercial neighborhood, modern
   commercial neighborhood, and peri-urban neighborhood.  Using a functional
   classification method, an urban metabolic system classification framework
   was designed as the basis for developing a dynamic model for an urban
   metabolic system.  Through model simulation, the changes in efficiency can
   be analyzed as one typical settlement form transforms into another.  Xiamen
   in China was selected for the case study area, and a questionnaire interview
   was used to collect the data: 44 neighborhoods were chosen for the
   questionnaire interview, and 1482 responses were received.  Emergy analysis
   was applied to calculate the efficiency of different settlement forms.
   Vensim software was used to monitor the effect of settlement transformation
   on the dynamic model for the urban metabolic efficiency system, and four
   scenarios were designed in connection with development patterns in China.
   Through scenario simulation, the following findings were made.  Generally,
   all settlement-transformation processes increase welfare efficiency;
   however, in most cases negative trends in overall urban material metabolic
   efficiency appeared, with declines in transport efficiency and housing
   efficiency being the main reasons.  The highest growth in welfare efficiency
   appeared in the scenario of an old neighborhood transforming into a
   traditional welfare neighborhood, but it was accompanied with the largest
   fall in overall urban metabolic efficiency.  Although there was the least
   welfare-efficiency improvement in the scenario of an old neighborhood
   transforming into a peri-urban neighborhood, it was the only scenario in
   which the overall urban metabolic efficiency increased-and by a large
   margin.  In the scenario of an average commercial neighborhood transforming
   into a modern commercial neighborhood, the decline in the overall urban
   metabolic efficiency and increase in welfare efficiency were both moderate.
   This was a typical transformation model whereby consumption was traded for
   welfare.  Similarly, in the scenario of a peri-urban neighborhood
   transforming into a modern commercial neighborhood, there was an average
   increase in welfare efficiency and an average decrease in overall urban
   metabolic efficiency.  The scenario of an old neighborhood transforming into
   a peri-urban neighborhood was the only scenario in which the overall urban
   material metabolic efficiency increased.  In the scenario of a peri-urban
   neighborhood and average commercial neighborhood transforming into a modern
   commercial neighborhood, the increase in welfare efficiency and decrease in
   overall urban material metabolic efficiency were both moderate.
DE settlement metabolic efficiency; settlement transformation; system dynamics;
   urban metabolism
ID china; fujian; xiamen; emergy; environmental impact; esthetics; experimental
   study; housing conditions; human settlement; landscape structure; literature
   review; material flow analysis; nature-society relations; neighborhood;
   peri-urban area; questionnaire survey; sustainable development; urban
   morphology; urban population; urban transport; urbanization; welfare impact

---

UT 848
AR Dai T, 2020, INT J TECHNOL POLIC MANAG, V20, P214, DOI
   10.1504/IJTPM.2020.109781
TI Study on investment return system of PPP wastewater treatment projects based
   on system dynamics
AU Dai T; Wang Q/4; Sun X/1; Shi B
TC 1
SO INT J TECHNOL POLIC MANAG
PY 2020
AB This paper aims to study on investment return system of public-private
   partnership (PPP) wastewater treatment projects based on system dynamics.
   On the basis of the analysis of the factors influencing the value for money
   (VFM) evaluation and the prediction system of the rate of return on
   investment, a system dynamics method is used to establish a prediction model
   for investment income based on VFM quantitative evaluation.  The software of
   Vensim PLE is used to simulate the newly built PPP wastewater treatment
   project.  Results show that the selection of discount rate and PPP project's
   transaction cost have significant effect on the VFM and the present value
   and the rate of return on investment in the franchise period.  This study
   can be used as a reference for the fair and equitable cooperation between
   the government and the private business.  Copyright © 2020 Inderscience
   Enterprises Ltd.
DE investment income; ppp; public-private partnership; system dynamics; value
   for money; vfm; wastewater treatment projects
ID costs; earnings; economic analysis; investments; predictive analytics;
   profitability; reclamation; system theory; investment returns; prediction
   model; prediction systems; public-private partnerships; quantitative
   evaluation; system dynamics; transaction cost; value for monies; wastewater
   treatment

---

UT 849
AR Zargar SM, 2018, IRAN J INFO PRO MANAG, V33, P1527
TI From implementation of service-oriented architecture to organizational
   agility by system dynamics modeling approach
AU Zargar SM
TC 0
SO IRAN J INFO PRO MANAG
PY 2018
AB Service-oriented architecture is a kind of organizational architecture which
   uses services with the aim of simplification, and implementation of
   integration activities.  Companies to survive in the dynamic environment
   need to strengthen their organizations through information systems.
   Service-oriented architecture is a way for the integration and effectiveness
   of the use of information systems and achieve organizational agility.  In
   this paper after reviewing the literature and previous researches, variables
   that affect the implementation of service-oriented architecture and
   organizational agility are extracted Afterwards, system dynamics approach
   were used for designing a model which indicates dynamics of service-oriented
   architecture and their contribution to organizational agility.  The validity
   of the model was confirmed by evaluation methods in dynamics model by using
   VENSIM software.  Finally, based on different scenarios of proposed
   variables, various scenarios designed and their implementations were
   simulated.  The results showed increased investing to enhance system
   security, increased rate of return on investment influence on the
   implementation of service-oriented architecture and increasing the level of
   implementation of service-oriented architecture by dynamic mechanism
   increased accountability and organizational agility.  © 2018 Iranian
   Research Institute for Scientific Information and Documentation.  All rights
   reserved.
DE organization agility; service-oriented architecture; system dynamics

---

UT 850
AR Shamsuddoha M, 2013, PROC WINTER SIMUL CONF - SIMUL MAK DECIS COMPLEX WORLD
   WSC, P1824, DOI 10.1109/WSC.2013.6721563
TI A system dynamics approach for poultry operation to achieve additional
   benefits
AU Shamsuddoha M; Quaddus M; Klass D
TC 6
SO PROC WINTER SIMUL CONF - SIMUL MAK DECIS COMPLEX WORLD WSC
PY 2013
AB Poultry generates various wastes such as litter, reject and broken eggs,
   intestines, waste feeds, feather and culled birds.  Most of the farm owners
   do not utlize these wastes for further by-product generation.  Without
   profitability, farmers do not reuse their waste.  System dynamics along with
   simulation is a tool that can be used to forecast the feasibility of waste
   and by-products generation.  In this paper, we present a poultry model
   grounded on system dynamics to determine the interaction among factors in
   the system using a software package, Vensim.  A case poultry industy in the
   city of Chittagong, Bangladesh was selected to conduct the study.  The
   objectives of this paper are twofold.  First, it develops a qualitative
   model on poultry operation.  Second, it constructs a simulation model to
   explore possible opportunities available by recycling poultry wastes within
   the same poultry operation.  © 2013 IEEE.

---

UT 851
AR Yan H-S, 2011, EUR J OPER RES, V208, P243, DOI 10.1016/j.ejor.2010.09.005
TI Competitive diffusion process of repurchased products in knowledgeable
   manufacturing
AU Yan H-S; Ma K-P
TC 29
SO EUR J OPER RES
PY 2011
AB This paper presents a diffusion model to explain the competitive diffusion
   of the repurchased products in knowledgeable manufacturing.  The acute
   market competition accelerates the products' improvement, which requires
   that the manufacturing enterprises be highly capable of rapid reaction by
   means of knowledgeable manufacturing.  To forecast the diffusion behavior
   effectively enables the realization of knowledgeable manufacturing system
   (KMS) which targets T (time), Q (quality), C (cost), S (service), and E
   (environment). Various diffusion models have emerged since Bass model was
   firstly proposed in 1969. A nonlinear model of the repurchased competitive
   products is proposed on the basis of the product diffusion analysis.  By
   taking the frequently purchased products as example, the stability of the
   model is examined in light of the qualitative theory of differential
   equations and proved by the approximate linearization method.  As the
   qualitative analysis reveals, between the two frequently purchased products
   competing in the same market, one undoubtedly occupies a fixed market share
   while the other may finally be eliminated from the market.  A special case
   of the problem is that both products are one-time-purchased.  With the
   corresponding model given, the qualitative analysis shows that either of the
   products occupies a market share, the size of which is determined by the
   product's competitive strength and the new product's time-to-market.  A
   system dynamics model is then established and simulated by vensim.  The
   result is consistent with that of the qualitative analysis.  © 2010 Elsevier
   B.V. All rights reserved.
DE competitive diffusion; knowledgeable manufacturing; marketing; productivity
   and competitiveness; stability
ID commerce; competition; computer simulation; differential equations;
   diffusion; productivity; sales; bass model; competitive diffusion; diffusion
   behavior; diffusion model; diffusion process; knowledgeable manufacturing;
   knowledgeable manufacturing system; linearization methods; manufacturing
   enterprise; market competition; market share; new product; nonlinear model;
   product diffusion; qualitative analysis; rapid reactions; system dynamics
   model; time-to-market; quality control

---

UT 852
AR Feng X, 2012, ADV MATER RES, V433-440, P2730, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMR.433-440.2730
TI Study on inventory management system dynamics model of successive
   manufacturing enterprises
AU Feng X; Jia H; Feng Q/2
TC 0
SO ADV MATER RES
PY 2012
AB This paper is based on the analyzing the features and the questions of
   inventory management of successive manufacturing enterprises, using the
   inventory management theory and the system dynamics theory, on the
   assumption of combining actual situation of inventory management of Hongyu
   Corporation, analyzes the relations of kinds of factors which affect the
   inventory management, using the system dynamics method, establishes the
   causality graph of kinds factors which affect the inventory management in
   Hongyu Corporation, including the causality graph of cooperation part
   inventory management, semi products inventory management, profit and the
   whole inventory management in Hongyu Corporation.  Based on the causality
   graphs, the paper establishes the system dynamics model of inventory
   management of Hongyu Corporation.  The system dynamics model of inventory
   management in Hongyu Corporation which was built in this paper is accurate
   and steady, especially satisfied to the practical production of Hongyu
   Corporation and successive manufacturing enterprises, it greatly helps to
   raise the inventory management level of Hongyu Corporation, so this model
   has great significance in both theory and reality for inventory management
   of successive manufacturing enterprises.  © (2012) Trans Tech Publications,
   Switzerland.
DE inventory management; simulation; successive manufacturing enterprises;
   system dynamics; vensim software
ID computer simulation; industry; information management; information
   technology; manufacture; materials science; profitability; system theory;
   inventory management; inventory management systems; manufacturing
   enterprise; practical production; simulation; successive manufacturing
   enterprises; system dynamics; system dynamics model; inventory control

---

UT 853
AR Mishra MK, 2015, ENERGY STRATEG REV, V7, P29, DOI 10.1016/j.esr.2015.03.001
TI Scenario analysis of the CO2 emissions reduction potential through clean
   coal technology in India's power sector: 2014-2050
AU Mishra MK; Khare N; Agrawal AB
TC 38
SO ENERGY STRATEG REV
PY 2015
AB The aim of this study is to explore the CO2 emission reduction potential
   through clean coal technology in India's power sector.  A simulation model
   of India's coal-fired power sector based on system dynamics methodology
   (Vensim DSS platform) investigates three growth scenarios for coal-fired
   plants until the year 2050. Three further scenarios consider the market
   penetration of clean coal technology to investigate CO2 emission reduction
   until 2050 for each of the growth scenarios.  Our analysis indicates that
   clean coal technology has significant potential for reducing CO2 emissions
   from India's power sector by accelerating the development of clean coal
   technology.  The future coal demand and coal import requirements for India
   under different growth scenarios of coal-fired power plants have also been
   estimated in this study.  The study suggests that coal demand and
   importation from India will increase at a faster pace in the coming decades.
   According to IPCC's latest assessment report, CO2 emissions must be reduced
   by between 40% and 70% by 2050 from the 2010 level to limit the global
   temperature rise to two degrees centigrade relative to pre-industrial
   levels.  Projected carbon emissions in this work from India's coal-fired
   power plants would exceed their share in global emissions assumed in the
   IPCC's latest assessment.  Our model simulation indicates that only CO2
   capture and storage have the potential to reduce the emissions level from
   India's coal-fired plants to the desired level in the report.  © 2015
   Elsevier Ltd.
ID carbon dioxide; coal; coal fueled furnaces; coal storage; emission control;
   industrial emissions; clean coal technologies; coal-fired power plant;
   emission reduction; emission reduction potentials; emissions reduction;
   global temperatures; market penetration; pre-industrial levels; fossil fuel
   power plants

---

UT 854
AR Dong Y/3, 2018, INFECT DIS POVER, V7, DOI 10.1186/s40249-018-0511-7
TI Role of ecological approaches to eliminating schistosomiasis in Eryuan
   County evaluated by system modeling
AU Dong Y/3; Du C-H; Zhang Y/9; Wang L-F; Song J; Wu M-S; Yang W-C; Lv S; Zhou
   X-N/1
TC 14
SO INFECT DIS POVER
PY 2018
AB Background: Schistosomiasis was severely prevalent in Yunnan Province, and
   it is difficult to achieve its elimination by convention approaches due to
   complexity of the nature.  We explored the comprehensive model to eliminate
   schistosomiasis in Eryuan County, Yunnan Province, the People's Republic of
   China, through integration with the ecological protection programme in Erhai
   Lake, in order to promote an efficient elimination strategy.  We expected
   that this model is able to be tailored to other local settings, which help
   achieve the goal of precisely eliminating the disease in Yunnan Province.
   Methods: Eryuan County of Yunnan Province was chosen as the study area,
   where the data on environmental protection activities in Erhai Lake and on
   the schistosomiasis control programme were collected through different
   departments of Erhai County government since 2015. System modelling was
   performed using system dynamics software to establish a simulation model in
   order to evaluate the effectiveness of intervention activities.  Results:
   Ecological approaches to control schistosomiasis in Eryuan County consist of
   three major components: (i) implementing precise interventions to stop
   schistosomiasis transmission by means of controlling the source of
   infection, blocking the biological transmission chains and cutting off the
   route of disease transmission; (ii) employing ecological approaches to
   improve the co-effectiveness of environmental protection and schistosomiasis
   prevention in the study area; and (iii) strengthening the professional
   skills of personnel involving in the schistosomiasis control programme.
   Simulation results showed that this strategy could speed up the progress of
   schistosomiasis control programme moving from the control stage to the
   elimination stage.  Conclusions: Ecological approaches implemented in
   schistosomiasis endemic areas of the Eryuan region are able to improve the
   co-effectiveness of environmental protection and schistosomiasis control,
   providing a new avenue for eliminating schistosomiasis thanks to the
   application of precise interventions.  © 2018 The Author(s).
DE china; ecological protection; elimination; eryuan county; schistosomiasis;
   system modeling; transmission block; yunnan province
ID animals; china; communicable disease control; disease eradication;
   ecosystem; humans; models biological; schistosoma japonicum; schistosomiasis
   japonica; article; china; disease clearance; disease transmission; ecology;
   ecosystem restoration; endemic disease; environmental protection; feces
   analysis; habitat; health care planning; health education; health program;
   hemagglutination; hemagglutination test; human; infection control;
   irrigation ( agriculture ); mathematical model; nonhuman; oncomelania;
   prevalence; priority journal; public health; public health service; risk
   factor; sanitation; schistosomiasis; schistosomiasis japonica; simulation;
   system remodeling; animal; biological model; communicable disease control;
   disease eradication; ecosystem; organization and management; procedures;
   schistosoma japonicum; schistosomiasis japonica

---

UT 855
AR Caballini C, 2012, PROC - INT CONF SYST SYST ENG SOSE, P191, DOI
   10.1109/SYSoSE.2012.6384155
TI The port as a system of systems: A system dynamics simulation approach
AU Caballini C; Sacone S; Siri S
TC 15
SO PROC - INT CONF SYST SYST ENG SOSE
PY 2012
AB The particular complexity that characterizes a maritime port makes it
   belonging to the category of a system of systems.  In fact, the functioning
   of a port is made possible thanks to the interaction of numerous subsystems,
   which in turn depend on other systems.  The goal of the present paper is to
   provide a description of a port as a system of systems and to model and
   simulate the port rail process in some Italian container terminals, by using
   the software Powersim Studio, implementing the System Dynamics methodology.
   "What-If" scenarios have been tested with the objective of underlining the
   system bottlenecks and proposing improvement suggestions.  © 2012 IEEE.
DE ports simulation; rail transportation; scenario analysis; system dynamics;
   system of systems
ID system theory; ports simulation; rail transportation; scenario analysis;
   system dynamics; system of systems; systems engineering

---

UT 856
AR Yang B/1, 2012, APPL MECH MATER, V157-158, P1212, DOI
   10.4028/www.scientific.net/AMM.157-158.1212
TI Research on multilevel inventory control of FMCG industry based on system
   dynamics
AU Yang B/1; Li S; Zhang C/1
TC 1
SO APPL MECH MATER
PY 2012
AB In this paper, the method of system dynamics is applied for the supply chain
   inventory management in FMCG industry.  Based on the analysis of three-level
   supply chain inventory control loop, this paper establishes system dynamic
   models related profits and the service level of 2&3-level supply chain.
   After testing the validity of the model, the writer does some simulation
   through the system dynamics software Vensim.  In addition, the model and
   simulation described in the paper are highly understandable and practicable,
   and thus have a very good prospect of application.  © (2012) Trans Tech
   Publications, Switzerland.
DE fmcg; inventory control; supply chain; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; profitability; software testing; supply chains; system
   theory; 3 levels; fmcg; industry based; inventory management; model and
   simulation; service levels; system dynamic models; system dynamics; three-
   level; inventory control

---

UT 857
AR Wan Z, 2012, JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG, V18, P1093
TI Bullwhip effect in closed-loop supply chain based on system dynamics
AU Wan Z; Li C-B
TC 11
SO JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG
PY 2012
AB To analyze the influence of reverse logistics for bullwhip effect in closed-
   loop supply chain, four level closed-loop supply model was built by using
   System Dynamics (SD) and Vensim software.  Through changing the simulation
   of return proportion, recycling products remanufacturing proportion and
   delay recovery, the fact that reverse logistics could weak the bullwhip
   effects of forward logistics was proved.  If the return proportion was
   higher, the number of nodes of recycling and manufacturing was less; if the
   delay recovery was shorter, the effect of reverse Logistics for bullwhip
   effect was more obvious.
DE bullwhip effect; closed-loop supply chains; reverse logistics; system
   dynamics
ID linear matrix inequalities; recycling; supply chains; system theory;
   bullwhip effects; closed-loop; closed-loop supply chain; forward logistics;
   recycling products; reverse logistics; system dynamics; logistics

---

UT 858
AR Zhang S-Y, 2013, BINGGONG XUEBAO, V34, P67
TI Modeling and simulation of mobilization potential system of national economy
   mobilization center
AU Zhang S-Y; Kong Z-J
TC 0
SO BINGGONG XUEBAO
PY 2013
AB The system dynamics modeling method is used to establish a model of
   mobilization potential system by taking the mobilization potential system as
   a research object according to the characteristics of the national economy
   mobilization center.  The established model is used to make a simulation
   test, and verify the validity of the model.  The mobilization potential
   system of national economy mobilization center is simulated by using the
   simulation software iThink under the abnormal condition.  The simulation
   results show that the model reflects well the characteristics of emergency
   supplies system.  The expected results are achieved in the simulation
   experiment.
DE management engineering; mobilization potential; national economy
   mobilization center; simulation
ID computer software; abnormal conditions; management engineering; mobilization
   potential; model and simulation; national economy; simulation; simulation
   software ithink; system dynamics model; computer simulation

---

UT 859
AR Martínez-Marín S, 2020, SOC SCI, V9, DOI 10.3390/socsci9020012
TI Cluster competitiveness modeling: An approach with systems dynamics
AU Martínez-Marín S; Puello-Pereira N; Ovallos-Gazabon D
TC 8
SO SOC SCI
PY 2020
AB This study makes a systemic review to cluster and create a competitiveness
   relationship considering a systems dynamics approach.  A dynamic hypothesis
   was constructed to validate what factors increase a cluster's level of
   competitiveness, through causal analysis.  Then, the causal diagram that
   validates the dynamic H0 hypothesis was constructed in Vensim PLE systems®.
   Literature review shows the evolution of the cluster system according to the
   current needs of the market, and emphasizes the need for new approaches and
   models that capture the complexity and dynamics of this system, allowing the
   understanding of its structure and the evaluation of the contribution of
   factors and capabilities to cluster competitiveness.  It highlights the
   usefulness of systems dynamics as a simulation methodology for dynamic and
   complex systems, and establishes itself as a growing line of research
   applied to various systems of study.  Dynamic hypothesis H0 was validated
   using the causal diagram, reaching the conclusion that innovation,
   productive management, financial management, organizational management,
   commercial management, and cluster management factors positively increase
   the cluster competitiveness level.  From structure analysis, the behavior is
   associated to the archetype "Path Dependence", usual in growing industrial
   markets.  © 2020 by the authors.
DE causal diagram; cluster; competitiveness; dynamic hypothesis; system
   dynamics

---

UT 860
AR Lu Y/1, 2020, J PHYS CONF SER, V1549, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1549/2/022141
TI Research on the Recycling Model of Waste Mobile Phone Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Lu Y/1
TC 1
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2020
AB Mobile phone replacement is accelerating, the waste of mobile phone will not
   only cause a lot of waste of resources, after the simple landfill, the heavy
   metal infiltration into the soil, rivers and groundwater, but also soil and
   water pollution, bring serious harm to the animals and plants in contact
   with the soil and water.  Efficient and standardized recycling of
   increasingly used mobile phones has become an urgent social problem to be
   solved.  The emergence and continuous improvement of "Internte plus"
   recycling mode of used mobile phones make it possible to solve this problem.
   On the various influence factors of recovery efficiency, and their relations
   on the basis of the analysis of building "Internte plus" old cell phone
   recycling model of system dynamics model, using Vensim software to draw
   causal loop diagram and in view of the old cell phone recycling price,
   information security and logistics cost effect on the recovery mode
   efficiency is analyzed.  Research shows that information security is the
   most important factor affecting the efficiency of "Internte plus" waste
   mobile phone recycling model.  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing
   Ltd.
ID cellular telephones; groundwater; groundwater pollution; groundwater
   resources; heavy metals; mobile security; molecular biology; recycling;
   river pollution; security of data; soils; system theory; causal loop
   diagrams; continuous improvements; metal infiltration; model of systems;
   recovery efficiency; vensim softwares; waste mobile phone; waste of
   resources; electronic waste

---

UT 861
AR Babajide S, 2018, ADV SCI ENG TECHNOL INT CONF ASET, P1, DOI
   10.1109/ICASET.2018.8376780
TI A system dynamics model of the Nigerian electricity system
AU Babajide S; Moumouni Y; Abiodun M; Adamou R
TC 1
SO ADV SCI ENG TECHNOL INT CONF ASET
PY 2018
AB Policy guides decision.  This paper examines policy in the Nigerian Electric
   Power Sector (NEPS) to cut transmission losses (TL) and improve capacity
   factor (CF) to 5% and 90%, respectively.  A System Dynamics (SD) model
   developed in STELLA software package was employed to analyze this policy.
   Secondary data were sourced from: a) National Control Centre (NCC); b)
   Nigeria Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC); and c) National Bureau of
   Statistics (NBS). Two scenarios were considered, the pre-privatized and
   improved scenarios.  Results showed that at TL of 5% and CF of 90% i)
   electricity outages would be reduced by about 17.84% from 2010 to 2050; ii)
   over the study period a capacity of 473 MW (about 94.6 MW/year) would be fed
   back into the system; iii) transmission losses of 3,400 GWh would have been
   curtailed by 2050; and iv) cutting down TL and improving CF alone in NEPS
   will not totally curtail electricity outages and deficiencies in NEPS.
   Therefore, the study recommends that increasing generating capacity (MW)
   would go a long way in curbing electricity deficiencies.  Renewable energy
   sources could be a better choice.  Further studies are recommended in this
   regard.  It was proven by the study that a system dynamics modelling
   approach is suitable for examining long-term behavior and dynamic feedback
   in Nigeria's electricity sector.  © 2018 IEEE.
DE capacity factor; nigeria; stella; system dynamics; transmission losses
ID electric losses; outages; privatization; renewable energy resources; wave
   transmission; capacity factors; nigeria; stella; system dynamics;
   transmission loss; system theory

---

UT 862
AR Nachimuthu K, 2013, POLLUT RES, V32, P893
TI Economic analysis of road accident cost for Chennai City, India
AU Nachimuthu K; Partheeban P
TC 2
SO POLLUT RES
PY 2013
AB Road accidents and its causes are the major problem of the human life in
   modem world.  The accidents affect the human and world economic status.
   This paper deals with prediction of road accident cost estimation for
   Chennai city using system simulation model.  In this study, the simulation
   road accident cost prediction model is developed from the base year 2010.
   Chennai City road accident data was collected from 2006 to 2012 from Chennai
   city traffic police.  In this research an attempt is made to identify the
   various factors such as unit cost of fatal accident, vehicle damages and
   future consumption loss.  The road accident cost prediction model was
   developed using STELLA software.  The outcome of the study is highly useful
   for the retrieval of road accidents cost for Chennai.  CpoyrightCopyright ©
   EM International.
DE road accidents; system dynamics; total cost; unit cost
ID chennai; india; tamil nadu; accident; cost benefit analysis; damage;
   prediction; road transport; socio-economic status; software

---

UT 863
AR Kunsch PL, 2012, FUZZY CONTROL SYST, P49
TI Application of fuzzy control to system dynamics modelling
AU Kunsch PL
TC 0
SO FUZZY CONTROL SYST
PY 2012
AB The origin of uncertainties in System Dynamics (SD) modelling is to be found
   in the vagueness and imprecision in the knowledge of the system under focus.
   This chapter analyses an advanced SD approach based on techniques pertaining
   to fuzzy control.  The aim is to have enhanced pro-active capabilities for
   planning and control of decision processes.  When preparing a SD model one
   has to take care of uncertainties affecting technical parameters, initial
   conditions and the quantification of the influence links between the
   variables.  These links are usually represented by analytical functions, or
   by means of lookup tables.  In the present chapter fuzzy techniques are
   proposed to deal with these uncertainties.  Technical parameters and
   initials conditions are represented by fuzzy sets corresponding to vagueness
   statements.  Influence links between variables are represented either by
   algebraic operations combining ordinary and fuzzy numbers, or by sets of
   logical rules replacing lookup tables.  It is shown how the fuzzy-control
   formulation can be easily implemented by using the sensitivity tools
   available in SD simulation codes, like VENSIM® DSS. The use of this fuzzy
   approach is demonstrated by means of a fishery management problem.  © 2012
   Nova Science Publishers, Inc.  All rights reserved.

---

UT 864
AR Ding Z, 2018, J CLEAN PROD, V176, P676, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2017.12.101
TI A system dynamics-based environmental benefit assessment model of
   construction waste reduction management at the design and construction
   stages
AU Ding Z; Zhu M; Tam VWY/1; Yi G; Tran CNN
TC 226
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2018
AB Construction waste generation and its environmental impact reduction have
   become an urgent issue to be solved with the acceleration of urbanization
   process in China.  However, limited research has been conducted to cover
   both the design stage and the construction stage such that the overall
   construction waste reduction outcome could be comprehensively assessed.
   Based on interview data and literature review, Vensim software was used to
   build a two-stage environmental benefit assessment system dynamics (SD)
   model which covered construction waste reduction management subsystem, waste
   generation and disposal subsystem, and environmental benefit assessment
   subsystem.  Simulation results highlight that the reduction management can
   reduce 40.63% of waste generation.  In the meantime, the reduction
   management achieves good environmental benefits including the reduction of
   greenhouse-gas emissions of 12,623.30 kg, saving waste landfill of 3901.05
   m3 and reducing the use of public vacant site for the illegal dumping of
   688.42 m3. The simulation results demonstrate that the dynamic model could
   assess the environmental benefits of construction waste reduction
   effectively at the design and the construction stage.  This research can
   provide insight to the design and construction professionals for waste
   reduction measures such as prefabricated components application, reduced
   design modification at the design stage, on-site sorting and material reuse
   at the construction stage, and to provide references for governments in
   assessing the reduction management outcomes of construction projects and the
   environmental benefits.  © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
DE construction waste minimization; design and construction stage;
   environmental benefits; system dynamics
ID conservation; environmental impact; environmental management; environmental
   protection; gas emissions; greenhouse gasses; information management; system
   theory; waste disposal; waste management; construction projects;
   construction waste generations; construction wastes; design and
   construction; design modifications; environmental benefits; prefabricated
   components; system dynamics; project management

---

UT 865
AR Fisher D, 2017, MATH ENTHUS, V14, P347
TI Reorganizing algebraic thinking: An introduction to dynamic system modeling
AU Fisher D
TC 4
SO MATH ENTHUS
PY 2017
AB System Dynamics (SD) modeling is a powerful analytical method used by
   professional scientists, academics, and governmental officials to study the
   behavior patterns of complex systems.  Specifically through use of the
   Stella software, it is a method that I and others have used for over two
   decades with high school, and even middle school, math and science students.
   In this paper I describe an introduction to SD modeling intended for an
   algebra class (in either middle or high school). In the body of the paper, a
   nested sequence of simple bank account examples, increasing in complexity,
   is used to demonstrate a comparison between using a closed form approach and
   using Stella to mathematize each situation.  The comparison, showing
   equivalent recursive equations, closed form equations, and Stella modeling
   diagrams, is designed to give the reader (algebra teacher, mathematics
   education decision-maker, researcher, or whomever) an accessible
   introduction to understanding Stella model diagrams and the mathematical
   engine operating under the "hood" of the software.  In particular, I
   highlight the limitations of closed form equations to capture the needed
   problem elements beyond a certain level of complexity, even when the problem
   is still simple enough for analysis by quite young students using Stella.
   In the final section, I discuss how, once students become comfortable with
   the software, the level of sophistication of problems they can analyze
   (including complex problems) by designing and building Stella models is
   extensive, significantly beyond what they can analyze with equations.  Then
   I point to limitations in the traditional math curriculum, manifest in the
   Common Core State Standards, in terms of failure to prepare students for
   modeling of complex dynamic systems, and the related failure to exploit the
   potential of new representational resources.  © The Author(s).
DE algebraic thinking; common core state standards; complexity in models;
   limitations of traditional curricula; mathematical modeling;
   mathematization; software; system dynamics modeling; technology in
   mathematics education; traditional math curriculum; young students
   mathematical reasoning

---

UT 866
AR Zhong Q, 2011, PROC - IEEE/WIC/ACM INT CONF WEB INTELL INTELL AGENT TECHNOL
   - WORK WI-IAT, V3, P82, DOI 10.1109/WI-IAT.2011.100
TI Technological capability enhancement mechanism of software outsourcing
   enterprises
AU Zhong Q; Zhang X/11; Qiu J; Qu G
TC 1
SO PROC - IEEE/WIC/ACM INT CONF WEB INTELL INTELL AGENT TECHNOL - WORK WI-IAT
PY 2011
AB How to enhance technological capability of the software outsourcing
   enterprise is a focal issue in theory study and practice.  According to the
   different executives of enterprise R & D investment, the paper builds the
   dynamics model of technological capability of software outsourcing
   enterprise, and verifies the rationality of the model by using vensim
   software with neusoft group data.  Developing scenarios of enterprise
   technological capabilities of in-house research and technological
   cooperation research are discussed.  The influence of R&D efficiency and
   government's indirect support on technological capability is analyzed.  The
   research shows that the expansion of R&D investment, improving R & D
   efficiency and strengthening the intensity of tax incentives have a greater
   role in developing technological capability.  © 2011 IEEE.
DE enterprise technological capability; inhouse research; software outsourcing;
   system dynamics; technological cooperation research
ID industry; intelligent agents; investments; outsourcing; research; software
   engineering; taxation; user interfaces; inhouse research; software
   outsourcing; system dynamics; technological capability; technological
   cooperation research; software agents

---

UT 867
AR Tanure S, 2015, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V32, P658, DOI 10.1002/sres.2252
TI Bioeconomic Model of Decision Support System for Farm Management: Proposal
   of a Mathematical Model
AU Tanure S; Nabinger C; Becker JL
TC 16
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2015
AB The declining profitability of agriculture and livestock production,
   increasing climatic variations, and growing concern over the environmental
   impact of farming challenge farm management.  In this context, we propose a
   generalized mathematical bioeconomic macro model for livestock production
   systems.  This model resulted from a multidisciplinary effort to integrate
   major databases of climate, soil, plants, animals, and their economic
   aspects, searching for representing a livestock production similar to
   Brazilian systems of pasture-based beef cattle production.  This work is
   divided into four submodels: (i) herd structure and animal characteristics;
   (ii) animal nutrient requirements; (iii) meteorological-soil-pasture-animal
   integration; and (iv) economic.  We adopted the system dynamics modelling
   methodology, composed of differential and integral equations in structured
   iThink 9.1.4 software.  The equations herein proposed were adapted from pre-
   existing studies, and we intend to include them into a macro model in the
   future and use them to build different scenarios based on real data.  © 2015
   John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
DE decision making; farm production modeling; livestock production systems;
   mathematical framework
ID agricultural robots; animals; decision making; decision support systems;
   economics; environmental impact; farms; integral equations; macros; bio-
   economic model; brazilian system; climatic variation; farm production;
   livestock production; mathematical frameworks; nutrient requirement; system
   dynamics modeling; climate models

---

UT 868
AR Qin H/1, 2019, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V33, P4849, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-019-02410-9
TI Analysis of Water Management Scenarios Using Coupled Hydrological and System
   Dynamics Modeling
AU Qin H/1; Zheng C; He X; Refsgaard JC
TC 31
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2019
AB The North China Plain (NCP) has been affected by severe water scarcity over
   the past several decades.  To address this issue, several water management
   plans have already been launched.  Among them, the new South-to-North Water
   Diversion Project (SNWDP) draws the most attention.  However, the
   effectiveness of the SNWDP is yet to be evaluated.  In the present study, we
   developed a coupled hydrological and system dynamics (SD) model to analyze
   water management scenarios for the NCP: S1: business as usual, S2: less
   agricultural water, S3: more domestic and industrial water reuse, S4: SNWDP,
   and S5: combined efforts.  The impact of climate change has been accounted
   for in all scenarios.  The SD model was based on VENSIM, and the
   hydrological model was based on the MIKE SHE code.  The results indicated
   that the groundwater development in the NCP will not be sustainable without
   exploiting the full potential of the SNWDP resource.  However, the SNWDP
   alone can only lessen the water crisis, it is not able to stop the
   groundwater storage from further declining.  Solving the water scarcity
   problem in the NCP will require a combination of highly reduced water use
   and a continued water supply from the SNWDP. Our results also indicated that
   innovative water saving technologies are urgently needed in the
   restructuring of the industrial sector.  Furthermore, the study illustrated
   an added challenge to water management since the uncertainty range on
   climate change impacts are shown to be of the same magnitude as the impacts
   of combined management measures.  Therefore, it requires great caution when
   making the future water management strategies in the NCP. © 2019, Springer
   Nature B.V.
DE climate change; hydrological model; north china plain ( ncp ); south-to-
   north water diversion project ( snwdp ); system dynamics ( sd ) model; water
   resources management
ID china; north china plain; climate change; climate models; flood control;
   groundwater; groundwater resources; hydrology; system theory; wastewater
   reclamation; water management; water supply; hydrological modeling; north
   china plain; south-to-north water diversion project; system dynamics; water
   resources management; climate change; climate effect; groundwater resource;
   hydrological modeling; resource scarcity; uncertainty analysis; water
   management; water conservation

---

UT 869
AR Orjuela-Castro JA, 2017, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V742, P225, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-66963-2_21
TI Model for logistics capacity in the perishable food supply chain
AU Orjuela-Castro JA; Diaz Gamez GL; Bernal Celemín MP
TC 11
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2017
AB Interest in fresh food has increased around the world.  However, according
   to FAO losses of perishable food can reach 50%, depending on the logistics
   capabilities of the supply chain.  A management model for transportation and
   warehouse capacities for the perishable food supply chain is proposed.  The
   expansion of own capacity is evaluated in comparison to contracting 3PL in
   two scenarios: with and without cold chain.  The model was developed within
   the system dynamics paradigm, modelled in iThink and evaluated through a
   case study of the supply chain of mango in Cundinamarca-Bogotá. The
   seasonality of the supply and its discrepancy with the demand is included in
   the model.  The model allows the study of the logistic performance, quality,
   costs and responsiveness of the Mango Supply Chain.  © 2017, Springer
   International Publishing AG.
DE 3pl; cold system food; logistics capabilities; supply chain mango; system
   dynamic model
ID food supply; fruits; outsourcing; cold systems; logistic performance;
   logistics capabilities; management model; seasonality; system dynamic
   models; system dynamics; warehouse capacity; supply chains

---

UT 870
AR Špicar R, 2014, PROCEDIA ENG, V69, P1350, DOI 10.1016/j.proeng.2014.03.128
TI System dynamics archetypes in capacity planning
AU Špicar R
TC 29
SO PROCEDIA ENG
PY 2014
AB This paper describes how system dynamics play a major role in capacity
   planning and what problems occur when neglected to account for.  While the
   first sections focus on defining the terms, the core of the article lies in
   the third and fourth section where examples are provided showing the effects
   of system dynamics on capacity planning.  Casual loop diagrams and stock and
   flow diagrams are constructed for the examples and the systemsare simulated
   using the Vensim PLE software.The simulations show the importance of
   managing the systems as a whole and devoting attention to feedback loops and
   time delays in the systems.  © 2014 The Authors.  Published by Elsevier Ltd.
DE capacity planning; growth and underinvestment; system archetypes; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID manufacture; time delay; capacity planning; system archetypes; system
   dynamics; underinvestment; vensim; system theory

---

UT 871
AR Ma KP, 2014, IEEE INT CONF AUTOM SCI ENG, V2014-January, P665, DOI
   10.1109/CoASE.2014.6899399
TI Modeling and simulation of product diffusion considering learning effect
AU Ma KP; Diao X; Li CF; Zheng J
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF AUTOM SCI ENG
PY 2014
AB Bass model is one of the most representative work in the area of product
   diffusion.  It has some limitations due to its strict assumptions.  This
   paper has extended the application of Bass model to fit two competitive
   products, and has got an analytical expression for the profits of
   competitive products.  In this model the learning effect of variable cost is
   taken into account, and its influence to product profit is also analyzed.
   The mathematical models representing the process of product diffusion are
   transformed into system dynamics(SD) models, through which the dynamic
   characteristics during the products diffusion process are displayed.  The
   correctness of the models is testified qualitatively by using Vensim to
   simulate the SD models.  The sensitivity analysis is performed to see how
   the typical parameters would affect the key variables in the models.  The
   mutual relationships between the factors which would affect product
   diffusion are revealed.  The system properties are explored, which provides
   a foundation to make policies of product development and diffusion.  © 2014
   IEEE.
DE learning effect; modeling; product diffusion; simulation; system dynamics
ID models; product development; profitability; sensitivity analysis; system
   theory; analytical expressions; dynamic characteristics; learning effects;
   model and simulation; product diffusion; products diffusions; simulation;
   system dynamics; diffusion

---

UT 872
AR Zeng M, 2013, ICIC EXPRESS LETT B APPL, V4, P463
TI Key benefit indicators forecast for power grid enterprises based on system
   dynamics
AU Zeng M; Duan J; Zhan X/1; Dong D; Li N; Xue S
TC 1
SO ICIC EXPRESS LETT B APPL
PY 2013
AB The main objective of power grid enterprises management is to expand market
   share and increase economic benefits.  We introduce system dynamics method
   to forecast power grid enterprise key benefit indicators.  Firstly, define
   the inner relationships among electricity sales, purchase quantity of
   electricity, average price of electricity sales, line loss rate, market
   share, gross profit and the articulation relationship with other indicators.
   In view of this, SD predictive model is constructed.  Secondly, auxiliary
   variables, constants and other variables are taken into consideration.
   Finally, use STELLA software model to simulate the case combined with the
   actual data of a power grid enterprise.  Case study shows that system
   dynamics method can effectively reflect the prospective business of power
   grids enterprise with rationality and practicability.  © 2013 ICIC
   International.
DE forecast; key benefit indicators; power grid enterprise; system dynamics
ID commerce; competition; electricity; forecasting; industry; profitability;
   sales; system theory; auxiliary variables; economic benefits; electricity
   sales; forecast; line loss rates; power grids; predictive models; system
   dynamics; electric power distribution

---

UT 873
AR Tolujevs J, 2018, TRANSP TELECOMMUN, V19, P1, DOI 10.2478/ttj-2018-0001
TI Investigation of road transport enterprise functioning on the basis of
   system dynamics
AU Tolujevs J; Shedenov O; Askarov G
TC 5
SO TRANSP TELECOMMUN
PY 2018
AB The work is devoted to the study of the possibilities to apply the System
   Dynamics method for the analysis of processes at the road transport
   enterprises.  The study contains a concise review on examples of three
   simulation paradigms application for creating models, associated with the
   road motor transport.  The following paradigms were under consideration:
   Discrete Event, Agent Based, and System Dynamics.  Furthermore, the paper
   describes the causal loop diagram designed using the principles of system
   dynamics.  This diagram is a qualitative model that represents the
   relationships between the main factors affecting the performance indicators
   of a road transport enterprise.  The quantitative model constructed using
   the principles of system dynamics is also represented.  The mentioned model
   reflects the process of functioning of a road transport enterprise during
   the year.  The model is developed using Vensim simulation software.  © 2018
   Transport and Telecommunication Institute.  All rights reserved.
DE road transport; simulation; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 874
AR Gopejenko V, 2015, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V535, P449, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-23766-4_36
TI Energy consumption management of the automated self-service centre’s storage
   module: Models and simulations
AU Gopejenko V; Gopejenko A; Vaivods A
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2015
AB A system for regulating the temperature of the automated self-service center
   storage unit using Thermoelectric Cooler on the base of the Peltier effect
   is proposed in this work.  A dynamic feedback model of the temperature modes
   control has been developed.  Computer modelling has been performed, the
   scenarios simulating realistic exploitation of the automatic self-service
   centre has been created taking into account weather conditions, heat losses,
   energy consumption levels.  Boundary parameters of the model’s key
   parameters has been defined, discreteness of their tasks, sensitivity if the
   system depending on the velocity of the external parameters changes has been
   defined.  © Springer International Publishing Switzerland 2015.
DE peltier effect; system dynamics; thermoelectric cooler; vensim
ID cooling systems; energy utilization; peltier effect; thermoelectric
   equipment; thermoelectric refrigeration; thermoelectricity; boundary
   parameters; computer modeling; dynamic feedback; energy consumption levels;
   system dynamics; temperature modes; thermoelectric cooler; vensim; digital
   storage

---

UT 875
AR Wang K-Z, 2017, CHIN GEN PR, V20, P3860, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1007-9572.2017.31.006
TI Dynamic Complexity Analysis of the Community-based Colorectal Cancer
   Screening Program Based on System Dynamics
AU Wang K-Z; Ma X-D; Cai Y-Y; Wei X-P
TC 2
SO CHIN GEN PR
PY 2017
AB Objective: To investigate the dynamic complexity of the community-based
   colorectal cancer screening program based on the analysis of a reprehensive
   sample, the colorectal cancer screening program applied to Gumei Community
   Health Service Center located in Minhang District of Shanghai.  Methods:
   From May to August 2016, we collected the historical and implementation data
   of the community-based colorectal cancer screening program performed by
   Gumei Community Health Service Center during 2008-2016, carried out focus
   group interview with the key persons for the implementation of the program,
   and based on the above data, constructed a system model of the program and
   workflow charts of its subsystems with system dynamics modeling software
   Vensim 5.6. Results: The colorectal cancer screening program carried out in
   Gumei Community comprises governmental surveillance and assessment mechanism
   subsystem, community-based annual colorectal cancer screening plan and
   execution subsystem, colorectal cancer screening subsystem as well as
   information management subsystem for people identified with colorectal
   lesions.  These 4 subsystems interact with each other through budgeting,
   executing and assessing.  Analysis of the relationship between variables in
   one subsystem or among subsystems showed that, the crucial factors for
   achieving successful screening were health education, initially screened
   population and the number of people undergoing colonoscopy.  Conclusion:
   Using system dynamics to explore the dynamic complexity of the community-
   based colorectal cancer screening program is helpful to detect the causal
   relationship between the variables in the screening, identify the crucial
   factors for achieving successful screening and the challenges during the
   screening, by which the outcome of community-based colorectal cancer
   screening program can be improved.  Copyright © 2017 by the Chinese General
   Practice.
DE colorectal neoplasms; community health services; screening; system dynamics

---

UT 876
AR Yang J/5, 2020, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V508, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/508/1/012058
TI A system dynamics analysis about the recycling and reuse of new energy
   vehicle power batteries: An insight of closed-loop supply chain
AU Yang J/5; Mu D; Li X/4
TC 8
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2020
AB In order to solve the problem about recycling and reuse of power batteries
   for new energy vehicles in China, the paper, from the perspective of closed-
   loop supply chain (CLSC), uses VENSIM software to construct the system
   dynamics model.  By analyzing the degree of cooperation among enterprises in
   CLSC, the result indicates that through cooperating with foreign excellent
   enterprises and enhancing the degree of cooperation among enterprises in the
   CLSC, the development of new energy vehicle power battery recycling can be
   better promoted.  In addition, this paper puts forward some reasonable
   suggestions on the development of new energy vehicle power batteries.  ©
   Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID computer software reusability; electric vehicles; electronic waste;
   recycling; supply chains; system theory; closed-loop supply chain; closed-
   loop supply chains ( clsc ); new energy vehicles; power batteries; system
   dynamics; system dynamics model; vensim softwares; secondary batteries

---

UT 877
AR Kyle Brewster R, 2019, HUM WILDL INTERACT, V13, P400
TI Cost-benefit analysis of coyote removal as a management option in Texas
   Cattle ranching
AU Kyle Brewster R; Henke SE; Turner BL; Tomeček JM; Ortega-S A
TC 3
SO HUM WILDL INTERACT
PY 2019
AB The monetary value of livestock losses attributed to coyote (Canis latrans)
   predation in North America has increased during the past 20 years.  In
   Texas, USA alone in 2011, these loses were estimated at $6.9 million.  To
   mitigate coyote-related livestock losses, several lethal and nonlethal
   control methods have been developed.  However, there remains a need for
   better information to guide management decisions regarding cost-effective
   predator control strategies for livestock production systems.  We acquired
   data, which was used in the model, from published literature from 1960 to
   present day, subject matter experts, and anecdotal information on coyote
   ecology.  We developed a systems dynamics simulation model to evaluate the
   economic impact of coyote control on an average-sized cattle (Bos spp.)
   operation (1,000 ha) for a conceptual 10-year period in Texas.  We conducted
   a sensitivity analyses to validate the model and identify the most sensitive
   parameters.  We tested 88 scenarios using common coyote management methods
   (i.e., aerial gunning, M-44 devices, snares, livestock guard animals (LGAs),
   calling and shooting, and foothold traps), combinations of multiple
   management methods, and number of applications per year (once per year,
   twice per year, continuous). Several management methods were cost effective
   at reducing calf predation when applied sparingly and under assumptions of
   skillful and dedicated application of coyote control methods.  The most
   cost-effective method of coyote control to reduce calf depredation was the
   combined use of snares and LGAs.  When applied 1 month prior to the primary
   calving month, the snare/LGA combination showed an 81% decrease in overall
   costs of calf loss and predator management during the 10-year period,
   respectively.  Cost effectiveness of methods deteriorated as the number of
   applications per year increased.  While these are useful results, the
   intangible values of coyotes through grazing benefits (i.e., fewer prey
   species such as lagomorphs on the landscape to compete for forage with
   cattle) and ecological benefits (i.e., mitigation of meso-predator release)
   were not included in the model.  However, these benefits should be
   considered by ranchers before implementing lethal coyote management.  © 2019
   Jack H. Berryman Institute.
DE bos spp; canis latrans; cattle depredation; control; cost benefit; coyote;
   removal; texas; vensim

---

UT 878
AR Wang H/2, 2014, J COAST CONSERV, V18, P609, DOI 10.1007/s11852-014-0328-x
TI Utilization effectiveness of marine functional zones using system dynamics
   for China: modeling and assessment: A case study of Qingdao Mariculture
   Functional Zones
AU Wang H/2; Li M/8; Hu N; Gao Y/3
TC 9
SO J COAST CONSERV
PY 2014
AB The marine functional zoning(MFZ) for China is a new large-scale, ecosystem-
   based zoning policy for management of development and use in the marine
   environment.  The system dynamic (SD) method is used to evaluate the
   utilization effectiveness of existed marine functional zones (MFZs)
   quantitatively for China.  As a case study, an impact assessment system is
   constructed to obtain the cause and effect feedback chart of the mariculture
   functional zones in Qingdao city, China.  A feedback SD model and the main
   control loops are developed to analyze the utilization effectiveness of the
   mariculture functional zones.  Vensim software is applied to the assessment
   for the mariculture functional zones of Qingdao.  The results provide an
   effective support for policies and legislation for the division of MFZs.
   Analysis results and simulations are presented to verify and validate the
   proposed model.  © 2014, Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.
DE marine functional zoning; marine policy; system dynamics; utilization
   effectiveness

---

UT 879
AR Qi X, 2020, XI TONG CHENG YU DIAN ZI JI SHU/SYST ENG ELECTRON, V42, P836,
   DOI 10.3969/j.issn.1001-506X.2020.04.14
TI Analysis of anti-ship force loss at sea based on system dynamics;
   [基于系统动力学的海上反舰兵力损耗分析]
AU Qi X; Zhai D; Liu X/11
TC 5
SO XI TONG CHENG YU DIAN ZI JI SHU/SYST ENG ELECTRON
PY 2020
AB In order to study the force loss of both sides in anti-ship combat at sea
   and the influence of electronic equipment on force loss, the key factors of
   dynamic countermeasures systems of red anti-ship and blue defense are
   extracted.  The feedback relationship between variables is analyzed.  The
   system dynamics model based on Lanchester equation is built and simulated on
   VENSIM software platform.  The simulation results of different signal
   strengths of blue square electronic interference and reconnaissance
   equipment are compared.  The simulation analysis shows that when the two are
   equal, the loss of force of the blue side decreases and the loss of the red
   side increases, which provides some theoretical support for reducing the
   loss of force of the two sides in the battle.  © 2020, Editorial Office of
   Systems Engineering and Electronics.  All right reserved.
DE anti-ship combat; electronic equipment; force loss; system dynamics
ID electronic equipment; ships; system theory; anti-ships; force loss;
   lanchester equation; signal strengths; simulation analysis; system dynamics;
   system dynamics model; vensim softwares; electronic ship equipment

---

UT 880
AR Wang C/3, 2011, IAHS-AISH PUBL, V350, P404
TI System dynamics modelling of the water and salt balance of Bosten Lake in
   northwest China: Implications for ecologically sustainable management
AU Wang C/3; Luo Y; Wang W/3; Han B
TC 1
SO IAHS-AISH PUBL
PY 2011
AB Salinisation of Bosten Lake threatens the eco-system in the Kaidu-Kongque
   Basin in northwest China.  A water-salt balance model of Bosten Lake is
   helpful to understand inherent mechanism of salinisation and develop
   appropriate water management strategies.  A system dynamics (SD) model was
   developed to simulate the water and salt balance of Bosten Lake using a
   commercial system dynamics modelling environment, Vensim.  The model was
   used to investigate the optimal water table for salinisation control and
   investigate strategies for sustainable management under different scenarios.
   Through scenario analysis, we suggest that more water be pumped to Kongque
   River or diverted to Tarim River for irrigation or ecological restoration,
   to lower the water level and reduce evaporation losses during high inflow
   years.  As for low inflow, increasing inflow through pumping groundwater and
   reducing irrigation diversion from Kaidu River should be an effective way
   for avoiding high salt concentrations.  Other scenarios can be easily
   evaluated by using the framework presented in this paper.  Copyright © 2011
   IAHS Press.
DE bosten lake; changing environment; ecohydrology; nw china; sustainable use;
   system dynamics modeling
ID bosten lake; china; kaidu basin; kongque basin; tarim river; xinjiang uygur;
   groundwater; hydrology; irrigation; river diversion; rivers; sustainable
   development; system theory; water levels; water management; changing
   environment; ecohydrology; nw china; sustainable use; system dynamics;
   ecohydrology; irrigation system; pumping; restoration ecology; salinization;
   salt; sustainable development; water budget; water level; water management;
   water table; lakes

---

UT 881
AR Li Y/2, 2012, ICLEM LOGIST SUSTAIN ECON DEV - TECHNOL MANAG EFFIC - PROC INT
   CONF LOGIST ENG MANAG, P1378, DOI 10.1061/9780784412602.0210
TI Research on distribution efficiency of supermarket chains by applying the
   VENSIM software
AU Li Y/2; Zheng P; Qiu X
TC 1
SO ICLEM LOGIST SUSTAIN ECON DEV - TECHNOL MANAG EFFIC - PROC INT CONF LOGIST
   ENG MANAG
PY 2012
AB Supermarket chain stores, acting as a model of retail formats, are booming
   in China, and logistics distribution is one of the key determinants to lower
   costs.  This paper employed a specific case-supermarket Wu Dongfeng by using
   the system dynamics method to illustrate the efficiency of factor analysis.
   The research makes the following findings: we can adjust the delay time of
   the distribution center receiving rate; the adjustment time of chain store
   has a great impact on the distribution center storage and we should pay
   attention to its controlment.  © 2012 American Society of Civil Engineers.
ID efficiency; retail stores; warehouses; adjustment time; distribution
   centers; distribution efficiency; key determinants; logistics distribution;
   supermarket chains; system dynamics; vensim softwares; economic and social
   effects

---

UT 882
AR Jahandideh-Tehrani M, 2014, J ENERGY ENG, V140, DOI
   10.1061/(ASCE)EY.1943-7897.0000179
TI Power generation simulation of a hydropower reservoir system using system
   dynamics: Case study of karoon reservoir system
AU Jahandideh-Tehrani M; Bozorg Haddad O; Mariño MA
TC 13
SO J ENERGY ENG
PY 2014
AB The system dynamics approach is an object-oriented simulation method based
   on feedback loops, flow diagrams, and flow and state variables, which can be
   used in the development of a water system's operational policies and water-
   resource management.  In reservoir operation simulations, there are
   iterative procedures (feedback loops) due to the dependency of reservoir
   release on both initial and final reservoir storage.  System dynamics can
   successfully satisfy this need.  Given the complex implicit and nonlinear
   relationships that exist in hydropower reservoirs, the system dynamics
   approach can be efficient in the planning and management of those
   reservoirs.  This paper develops a system-dynamics simulation model using
   Vensim for the operation of a hydropower reservoir system (Khersan 1, Karoon
   4, and Karoon 3) that is located in series and in parallel in the Karoon
   river basin, Iran.  Steps of the model design include definition of decision
   variables, formulation of model, and method of solution to compute the
   output of the hydropower reservoirs.  To assess the effects of the
   reservoirs on each other and the importance of each reservoir, operational
   scenarios are considered.  Reservoir performance criteria (reliability,
   resiliency, and vulnerability) and mean energy production over a 44-year
   simulation period are calculated for each operational scenario.  The results
   show that addition of the Khersan 1 reservoir to the system composed of
   Karoon 4 and Karoon 3 reservoirs increases the average amount of energy
   production by 20% without a significant loss in performance criteria.  The
   sensitivity analysis for Khersan 1 is conducted in two states.  The amounts
   of installed capacity of the power plant and maximum storage volume of the
   reservoir are increased by 20% and decreased by 20%, respectively.  The
   results show that, in terms of energy production, the effect of increasing
   the installed power-plant capacity of Khersan 1 is greater than that of
   increasing the maximum reservoir storage volume of this reservoir.
   Therefore, by considering the same percentage increase (20%) in both
   installed capacity and maximum storage volume, it is preferable to increase
   the installed capacity of the power plant at Khersan 1 reservoir.  © 2014
   American Society of Civil Engineers.
DE hydropower; operation; reservoir systems; simulation; system dynamics
ID feedback; hydroelectric power; hydroelectric power plants; iterative
   methods; reservoirs ( water ); sensitivity analysis; system theory; water
   management; hydropower; operation; reservoir systems; simulation; system
   dynamics; reservoir management

---

UT 883
AR Yu Z/1, 2020, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V455, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/455/1/012041
TI Safety Investment Analysis of Construction Enterprises Based on System
   Dynamics
AU Yu Z/1
TC 0
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2020
AB Combining the existing safety input data and characteristics, this paper
   uses the dynamic change method to solve the safety input problem.  The
   origin, flow and characteristics of safety investment are analyzed, the
   skills of system dynamics modelling and the simulation modeling software
   Vensim are used to build the model, including models of safety precaution,
   safety control and accident risk transfer etc.  Through simulation modeling,
   the configuration effects under different configuration schemes in an
   enterprise are completely decomposed.  The results show that the effects of
   different configuration schemes on accident frequency, loss value and total
   accidents counts be obtained by applying the model built, which has great
   positive significance and practical value for dynamic safety investment.  ©
   2020 IOP Publishing Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE construction enterprises; safety investment simulation modeling; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID accidents; computer software; risk assessment; system theory; accident
   frequency; construction enterprise; safety controls; safety investments;
   safety precautions; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; vensim;
   investments

---

UT 884
AR Du Z, 2019, ZHONGGUO DIANLI, V52, P168, DOI
   10.11930/j.issn.1004-9649.201706175
TI Research on Evolution and Development of Power Generation Scale and Cost
   under Tradable Green Certificates Market in China;
   [绿色电力证书市场下中国各类电源规模及发电成本演化发展]
AU Du Z; Xu E; Zhang X/8; Liu D/1; Shen S
TC 13
SO ZHONGGUO DIANLI
PY 2019
AB Tradable green certificates market is an effective measure to solve the
   problems of high cost of renewable energy and large funding gap, single
   funding source and long time period of price subsidy.  In order to improve
   subsidy mechanism of renewable energy and promote clean energy utilization,
   this paper has a deep research on evolution and development of power
   generation scale and cost under tradable green certificates market.
   Economic model of tradable green certificates market is established based on
   system dynamics and simulation is carried out based on Vensim.  Meanwhile,
   evolution of installed capacity, power generation and unit comprehensive
   cost of various energy under tradable green certificates market and
   sensitivity of key factors are analyzed deeply.  The results indicate that
   tradable green certificates market will not only reduce subsidy funds and
   improve efficiency of subsidies, but also provide a new investment return
   mode for renewable energy, encourage investment development and effectively
   promote energy supply side structure optimization with reasonable renewable
   portfolio standard ratio and tradable green certificates validity period.  ©
   2019 Automation of Electric Power Systems Press.  All rights reserved.
DE energy structure; new power system; renewable portfolio standard; system
   dynamics; tradable green certificates

---

UT 885
AR Dasgupta D, 2017, ENV DEV SUSTAIN, V19, P1473, DOI 10.1007/s10668-016-9815-6
TI Scenario of future e-waste generation and recycle-reuse-landfill-based
   disposal pattern in India: a system dynamics approach
AU Dasgupta D; Debsarkar A; Hazra T; Bala BK; Gangopadhyay A; Chatterjee D
TC 45
SO ENV DEV SUSTAIN
PY 2017
AB The fundamental requirements of the e-waste management system are the
   forecasting of the future generation of e-waste and in situ planning to
   minimize the risk.  The prediction analysis (a simulation exercise with base
   year 2012 and end year 2025) for several e-waste items (desktop, notebook,
   refrigerator, television and washing machine) reflects an increasing waste
   generation pattern.  The present study deals with the prediction of e-waste
   generation and the percentage distribution of e-waste through different
   disposal pathways (landfill, second-hand market and recycling) based on the
   system dynamics approach (using STELLA software, version 8.0) for the
   purpose of improved management practice in near future in India.  During the
   prediction of disposal options, the role, importance and functionality of
   various pathways are also critically analyzed.  The simulation results
   indicate that the specific route of e-waste disposal will largely control
   the e-waste generation in India as informal sectors, in future, will solely
   utilize recycle and reuse pathways due to the economics of the specific
   components of the generated e-waste.  On the other hand, the percentage of
   landfillable e-waste will decrease from 8.06 to 6.54 % within a decade
   (2012–2025). Finally, the study emphasizes on delineation of a well-composed
   guideline for policy orientation to protect the human health and
   environment, as e-waste items and their various components often emit toxic
   substances particularly during informal trade chain practices.  © 2016,
   Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.
DE e-waste generation; electronics appliances; simulation; system dynamics
ID india; control system; electronic equipment; electronic waste; guideline;
   landfill; management practice; policy making; public health; recycling;
   simulation; supply chain management; toxic substance; waste disposal

---

UT 886
AR Asgarieh L/1, 2011, PROC INT YOUTH CONF ENERG IYCE
TI Comparison of two methods for calculating yearly costs and balances for high
   voltage equipment
AU Asgarieh L/1; Balzer G/1
TC 0
SO PROC INT YOUTH CONF ENERG IYCE
PY 2011
AB Since the incentive regulation has started in Germany in 2009, system
   operators have a predetermined revenue cap, so that they have the incentive
   to reduce costs in order to increase their profit.  Apart from this they
   have to prepare a trade balance every year but also consider the
   requirements of the Federal Network Agency for the grid fee calculation.
   Due to this fact the asset manager requires information concerning the long
   term costs.  Therefore this paper presents two different possibilities to
   calculate the yearly costs over a long time period.  The first method for
   calculating the yearly costs (e.g.  capital expenditures (CAPEX) and
   operational expenditures (OPEX)) have been done with a simulation software
   called Powersim Studio® which bases on system dynamics and markov models,
   respectively.  The other method has a statistical background and uses the
   normal distribution in order to calculate the yearly costs.  © 2011 INESC
   Coimbra.
DE aging models; asset management; balance; capex; circuit-breakers; cost
   analysis; energy policy; incentive; opex; regulation
ID asset management; computer software; cost accounting; energy policy; markov
   processes; normal distribution; profitability; aging models; balance; capex;
   circuit-breakers; cost analysis; incentive; opex; regulation; costs

---

UT 887
AR McKnight US, 2013, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V40, P35, DOI
   10.1016/j.envsoft.2012.07.007
TI A system dynamics model for the screening-level long-term assessment of
   human health risks at contaminated sites
AU McKnight US; Finkel M
TC 35
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2013
AB For the design of sustainable and cost-effective management strategies for
   contaminated sites, decision makers need appropriate tools, i.e.
   environmental decision support systems to assist them in the planning,
   assessment, selection and optimisation of possible alternatives.  We propose
   a novel system dynamics model, CARO-PLUS (Cost-efficiency Analysis of
   Remediation Options), which provides estimates of current and future risks
   originating from soil and groundwater contamination.  Utilising a source-
   pathway-receptor concept, the model particularly addresses the presence of
   multi-compound non-aqueous phase liquids in porous media, which have been
   identified as major sources of groundwater contamination at many of these
   sites.  Simplified approaches for the description of contaminant release and
   transport, as well as of exposure pathways for human health risk assessment,
   allow for a fast and effective screening model, which is particularly
   qualified to support early decisions within a tiered management approach at
   contaminated sites.  CARO-PLUS is applied to assess the long-term risks
   originating from a kerosene contamination at a former military airfield in
   Germany.  Monte Carlo simulations are performed to account for the large
   uncertainty in model parameters at early decision levels.  The results of
   the application show that the implementation of monitored natural
   attenuation might be a feasible management strategy for the site, and
   provide guidance for additional, more detailed investigations.  © 2012
   Elsevier Ltd.
DE contaminated sites; edss; human health risk assessment; monitored natural
   attenuation; risk-based land management; system dynamics; uncertainty;
   vensim
ID germany; artificial intelligence; contamination; cost benefit analysis;
   decision making; decision support systems; groundwater; monte carlo methods;
   porous materials; risk assessment; system theory; contaminated sites; edss;
   human health risk assessment; land managements; monitored natural
   attenuation; system dynamics; uncertainty; vensim; assessment method;
   bioremediation; cost benefit analysis; decision making; groundwater
   pollution; health risk; monte carlo analysis; pollutant source; pollution
   effect; risk factor; soil pollution; geologic models

---

UT 888
AR Qin H/1, 2012, WATER POLIC, V14, P214, DOI 10.2166/wp.2011.106
TI System dynamics analysis of water supply and demand in the North China Plain
AU Qin H/1; Sun AC-T; Liu J; Zheng C
TC 32
SO WATER POLIC
PY 2012
AB Water resource carrying capacity (WRCC) is an important metric for regional
   sustainable development in China.  It is defined as the difference between
   the total water supply and demand.  The North China Plain (NCP) currently
   faces a serious water shortage if the WRCC is not managed at a sustainable
   level.  This study focuses on applying system dynamics (SD) methodology to
   evaluate different water use scenarios and their associated WRCC for the
   NCP. System characteristics of local water resources and demand in the NCP
   are captured and simulated using VENSIM® software.  A SD model of the WRCC
   is constructed which consists of five sub-systems: agricultural irrigation,
   population growth, urbanization level, water recycle and industrial output.
   The impact on the WRCC is tested through three growth scenarios: keeping the
   status quo, aggressive industrial growth and modest growth combined with
   wastewater recycle.  Based on the simulation results, the WRCC that can most
   likely sustain economic growth without overly stressing the water supply is
   the one with modest growth combined with wastewater recycle.  © IWA
   Publishing 2012.
DE north china plain ( ncp ); system dynamics ( sd ); water resource carrying
   capacity ( wrcc ); water resource management

---

UT 889
AR Medvedeva M, 2020, CEUR WORK PROC, V2562, P153
TI Monitoring the financial performance of using open source software in
   government digital projects
AU Medvedeva M; Kolomytseva A; Maximus D; Ford V; Gorbunov M
TC 4
SO CEUR WORK PROC
PY 2020
AB The purpose of this study is to develop a system for monitoring the
   financial effectiveness of digital development programs and the introduction
   of the open source software in the educational environment.  The main
   control elements in the monitoring system is a simulation system-dynamic
   model which allows determining based on the experiments, the key financial
   indicators of the development of digital projects of an IT company in
   dynamics.  The main advantage of the first developed model, as the basic
   element of the monitoring system, predicting the effectiveness of the
   transition to new types of information products and data management, as well
   as the ability to track the dynamics of the enterprise in the long term with
   various combinations of areas of investment into open source software
   distribution projects, including educational information systems.  The
   proposed model allows you to determine key indicators of the development of
   an IT company: the amount of income from the sale of all IT products and
   services, profit, accumulated capital, additional income due to the
   development and expansion of the scope of the open source software,
   evaluation of the effectiveness of the development of information systems
   based on them.  The results of the system-dynamic simulation are the tool
   for determining the balance of investment funds invested into the commercial
   and non-profit sector of the development of digital data of an IT company.
   The experimental implementation of the PowerSim simulation software in a
   software environment allows you to evaluate the prospects and opportunities
   of the IT company to switch to the expanding of the range of services and
   produced products by using the open source software.  Copyright © 2019 for
   this paper by its authors.  Use permitted under Creative Commons License
   Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0).
DE educational programs; modeling methodology; monitoring system; non-profit
   sector digital projects; open source software; simulation modeling; system
   dynamics
ID computer simulation; education computing; finance; information management;
   information systems; information use; monitoring; open systems;
   profitability; educational program; modeling methodology; monitoring system;
   non-profit; system dynamics; open source software

---

UT 890
AR Yu W, 2018, PATIENT PREFER ADHERENCE, V12, P207, DOI 10.2147/PPA.S155603
TI Research of an emergency medical system for mass casualty incidents in
   Shanghai, China: A system dynamics model
AU Yu W; Lv Y; Hu C; Liu X/6; Chen H/2; Xue C; Zhang L/6
TC 19
SO PATIENT PREFER ADHERENCE
PY 2018
AB Objectives: Emergency medical system for mass casualty incidents (EMS-MCIs)
   is a global issue.  However, China lacks such studies extremely, which
   cannot meet the requirement of rapid decision-support system.  This study
   aims to realize modeling EMS-MCIs in Shanghai, to improve mass casualty
   incident (MCI) rescue efficiency in China, and to provide a possible method
   of making rapid rescue decisions during MCIs.  Methods: This study
   established a system dynamics (SD) model of EMS-MCIs using the Vensim DSS
   program.  Intervention scenarios were designed as adjusting scales of MCIs,
   allocation of ambulances, allocation of emergency medical staff, and
   efficiency of organization and command.  Results: Mortality increased with
   the increasing scale of MCIs, medical rescue capability of hospitals was
   relatively good, but the efficiency of organization and command was poor,
   and the prehospital time was too long.  Mortality declined significantly
   when increasing ambulances and improving the efficiency of organization and
   command; triage and on-site first-aid time were shortened if increasing the
   availability of emergency medical staff.  The effect was the most evident
   when 2,000 people were involved in MCIs; however, the influence was very
   small under the scale of 5,000 people.  Conclusion: The keys to decrease the
   mortality of MCIs were shortening the prehospital time and improving the
   efficiency of organization and command.  For small-scale MCIs, improving the
   utilization rate of health resources was important in decreasing the
   mortality.  For large-scale MCIs, increasing the number of ambulances and
   emergency medical professionals was the core to decrease prehospital time
   and mortality.  For super-large-scale MCIs, increasing health resources was
   the premise.  © 2018 Yu et al.
DE emergency medical system; mass casualty incidents; system dynamics model
ID ambulance; article; china; emergency health service; first aid; health care
   planning; human; mass disaster; medical staff; mortality

---

UT 891
AR Al-Khatib IA, 2016, ENV MONIT ASSESS, V188, DOI 10.1007/s10661-016-5487-9
TI A system dynamics approach for hospital waste management in a city in a
   developing country: the case of Nablus, Palestine
AU Al-Khatib IA; Eleyan D; Garfield J
TC 40
SO ENV MONIT ASSESS
PY 2016
AB Hospitals and health centers provide a variety of healthcare services and
   normally generate hazardous waste as well as general waste.  General waste
   has a similar nature to that of municipal solid waste and therefore could be
   disposed of in municipal landfills.  However, hazardous waste poses risks to
   public health, unless it is properly managed.  The hospital waste management
   system encompasses many factors, i.e., number of beds, number of employees,
   level of service, population, birth rate, fertility rate, and not in my back
   yard (NIMBY) syndrome.  Therefore, this management system requires a
   comprehensive analysis to determine the role of each factor and its
   influence on the whole system.  In this research, a hospital waste
   management simulation model is presented based on the system dynamics
   technique to determine the interaction among these factors in the system
   using a software package, ithink.  This model is used to estimate waste
   segregation as this is important in the hospital waste management system to
   minimize risk to public health.  Real data has been obtained from a case
   study of the city of Nablus, Palestine to validate the model.  The model
   exhibits wastes generated from three types of hospitals (private,
   charitable, and government) by considering the number of both inpatients and
   outpatients depending on the population of the city under study.  The model
   also offers the facility to compare the total waste generated among these
   different types of hospitals and anticipate and predict the future generated
   waste both infectious and non-infectious and the treatment cost incurred.  ©
   2016, Springer International Publishing Switzerland.
DE developing countries; generation rate; hazardous waste; hospitals;
   palestine; system dynamics
ID developing countries; environmental monitoring; hospitals; humans; medical
   waste disposal; middle east; models theoretical; public health; nablus;
   occupied territories; palestine; west bank; computer software; developing
   countries; hazardous materials; hazards; health; health risks; hospitals;
   human resource management; municipal solid waste; public health; public
   risks; risk perception; system theory; waste treatment; waste disposal;
   comprehensive analysis; generation rate; hazardous wastes; management
   simulations; palestine; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; system
   dynamics technique; developing world; hazardous waste; health risk; health
   services; hospital sector; landfill; municipal solid waste; public health;
   waste management; article; computer program; developing country; health
   hazard; hospital waste; human; palestine; private hospital; public hospital;
   statistical analysis; statistical model; system dynamics; waste disposal;
   waste management; developing country; environmental monitoring; hospital;
   middle east; procedures; public health; theoretical model; waste management

---

UT 892
AR Sudhan SP, 2020, J STOMATOL, V146, DOI 10.1061/JPEODX.0000170
TI Development of pavement deterioration prediction models for low volume roads
   using system dynamics
AU Sudhan SP; Mathew BS; Rose S; Isaac KP
TC 10
SO J STOMATOL
PY 2020
AB Pavements are the basic infrastructure required for the overall economic
   development of a country.  A realistic prediction of pavement deterioration
   is mandatory for the effective maintenance of these pavements and, hence,
   for the proper functioning of a road network system.  The pavement
   deterioration process and the causative factors contributing to the
   deterioration are dynamic in nature, i.e., it varies over time.  System
   dynamics (SD) is an appropriate modeling approach that can capture the
   dynamics of pavement deterioration.  The objective of this paper is to
   develop pavement deterioration prediction models for low-volume roads using
   system dynamics.  Deterioration models were developed using the pavement
   condition data from 14 low volume roads in the state of Kerala in India
   using the software Powersim Studio version 10. The prediction models are
   validated by comparing with field values, and the goodness of the models is
   established statistically.  The comparison reveals that system dynamics can
   be efficiently used for the development of pavement deterioration prediction
   models.  © 2020 American Society of Civil Engineers
DE deterioration; edge failure; pothole; raveling; system dynamics

---

UT 893
AR Mahdavi T, 2019, GROUNDW SUSTAIN DEV, V9, DOI 10.1016/j.gsd.2019.100261
TI Applying the System of Environmental and Economic Accounts for Water (SEEA-
   Water) for integrated assessment of water security in an aquifer scale -
   Case study: Azarshahr aquifer, Iran
AU Mahdavi T; Bagheri A; Hosseini SA
TC 18
SO GROUNDW SUSTAIN DEV
PY 2019
AB As an important stage in integrated water resources management, integrated
   assessment adopts a set of indicators to address not only the physical water
   balance, but also the role of water in social welfare, economic production,
   and employment.  The indicators should be located in an analytical framework
   capable of figuring out the inter-relationships among different
   environmental, social, and economic disciplines.  Adopting the System of
   Environmental and Economic Accounts for Water (developed by the United
   Nations), this paper aims to provide an integrated assessment in the
   groundwater resource in the Azarshahr aquifer area in the Northwestern Iran,
   comparing local water security indicators in 2006 and 2016. The results show
   that the local water resource in the study area is highly stressed in terms
   of quantity and quality.  In addition, the area suffers severely from
   unsustainability and dis-equilibrium between water resource and consumption.
   Using a system dynamics model developed in VENSIM PLE, the paper analyzed
   five different policy options, which could have been devised to improve the
   water security in the area.  The policy option 1 (stepwise reduction in the
   irrigated agricultural area from 2006 to 2010 followed by a constant 2%
   decline from 2010 to 2016) was found more effective in controlling the water
   salinity.  Since it is highly inelastic in terms of regional economic
   revenue, it could be a cost-effective policy to prevent salinization of
   water with low impacts on the regional revenue.  The methodology can be
   applied for building water accounting systems in similar areas for the
   purpose of integrated water resources assessment and planning.  © 2019
DE lake urmia; policy analysis; system dynamics modeling; water accounting
ID iran; agricultural robots; aquifers; cost effectiveness; regional planning;
   system theory; integrated assessment; integrated water resources management;
   lake urmia; policy analysis; system dynamics model; system dynamics
   modeling; water accountings; water resources assessment; aquifer;
   groundwater resource; integrated approach; policy implementation; resource
   scarcity; water management; water planning; water supply; groundwater
   resources

---

UT 894
AR Musavi SM, 2019, PROG IND ECOL, V13, P29, DOI 10.1504/PIE.2019.098765
TI System dynamics approach for the relationship between different types of
   hospitals and hospital waste management (case study: Tabriz)
AU Musavi SM; Khosropour R; Musavi SA; Ahmadvand A
TC 5
SO PROG IND ECOL
PY 2019
AB Hospitals are at the centre of providing different health services to
   society and their activities may include nutrition therapy, rehabilitation,
   prevention and health education promotion.  During these activities,
   hospitals may produce waste from medical and non-medical activities.  Health
   waste management is similar to other waste management systems and includes
   production, separation, gathering, storing, purification and final disposal.
   If hospital waste is not managed correctly, it will become one of the major
   factors of infectious diseases in the world, regarded as a serious health
   problem.  Health and therapy waste management is related to the health and
   safety risks of the transportation of the waste produced from health
   centres.  Our long-term objective was to develop a planning and selection
   system to support the future waste disposal capacity.  The present research
   included using a system dynamics model by means of Vensim software for the
   prediction of waste produced in the health waste system in different
   hospitals.  Copyright © 2019 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
DE environment; hospital types; hospital waste management; system dynamics
ID east azerbaijan; iran; tabriz; environmental planning; health education;
   health risk; health services; hospital sector; infectious disease; research
   work; software; waste disposal; waste management

---

UT 895
AR Agyapong-Kodua K, 2011, INT J PROD RES, V49, P2143, DOI
   10.1080/00207540903436661
TI Systems approach to modelling cost and value dynamics in manufacturing
   enterprises
AU Agyapong-Kodua K; Weston RH
TC 14
SO INT J PROD RES
PY 2011
AB Operations and activities in manufacturing enterprises (MEs) are undergoing
   frequent changes as a result of external and internal factors which actively
   impact on the structures, processes and work patterns of most MEs.  These
   changes induce complexities and dynamics in the survival of most MEs.  As a
   result of the changes, cost and value generation are also affected.  To
   remain competitive, MEs have to continuously and flexibly adjust through the
   redesign and organisation of their processes and resource elements with the
   aim to improve key performance indicators including cost and values.  This
   is however not simple to achieve because of the inherent and ongoing
   dynamics experienced by MEs.  This paper shows how system dynamics modelling
   techniques, in the form of causal loop and iThink simulation, can be
   coherently used to capture salient factors which induce dynamics in MEs.
   The integrated modelling technique was further used to show how dynamic
   impacts of MEs on cost and value generation can be conveniently modelled and
   analysed to support decision making related to competitiveness and
   profitability of a case study furniture manufacturing company.  © 2011
   Taylor & Francis.
DE causal loop modeling ( clm ); cost and value dynamics; manufacturing
   enterprise ( me ); simulation modeling ( sm )
ID benchmarking; competition; computer simulation; costs; decision making;
   dynamics; furniture manufacture; industry; profitability; causal loop
   modeling ( clm ); dynamic impacts; integrated modeling; key performance
   indicators; manufacturing companies; manufacturing enterprise; manufacturing
   enterprise ( me ); resource element; simulation modeling ( sm ); system
   dynamics; systems approach; work patterns; industrial applications

---

UT 896
AR Díaz-Martínez JL, 2019, ESPAC, V40
TI Analysis of system dynamics in Vensim software; [Análisis de la dinámica de
   sistemas en el software Vensim]
AU Díaz-Martínez JL; Guerra-Aleman E; Neira-Molina H; Garcia-Restrepo J;
   Londoño-Lara LA
TC 3
SO ESPAC
PY 2019
AB This document deals with the review of research articles related to Vensim
   software associated with system dynamics, in order to diagnose the
   application in different real cases within a modern context applied to the
   areas of engineering, medicine, population, food, marketing, advertising,
   environment, solutions, research, among other fields of action,
   differentiating the quality of the initial product with the final product
   with respect to conventional processes.  © 2019. revistaESPACIOS.com.
DE dynamic systems; simulating in vensim; systems theory; vensim

---

UT 897
AR Asif A, 2020, BUILD ENV, V180, DOI 10.1016/j.buildenv.2020.106980
TI Indoor temperature, relative humidity and CO2 monitoring and air exchange
   rates simulation utilizing system dynamics tools for naturally ventilated
   classrooms
AU Asif A; Zeeshan M
TC 54
SO BUILD ENV
PY 2020
AB This study reports the results of two-season (summer and winter) monitoring
   of indoor CO2, temperature (T) and relative humidity (RH) levels conducted
   in naturally ventilated classrooms of a primary school.  Parameters were
   recorded at 1-min interval for one week including occupancy and non-
   occupancy hours.  CO2, T and RH exceeded ASHRAE recommended limits for
   significant fraction of occupancy period.  Minute-by-minute ventilation
   (VRs) and air exchange rates (AERs) were calculated for occupancy hours.
   Results showed significant variation (p < 0.05) of indoor parameters between
   occupancy and non-occupancy hours.  Though Indoor CO2 levels did not vary
   between two seasons, thermal comfort parameters showed significant
   variation.  Average AERs and VRs were found in range of 1.4–10.6 h-1 and
   1.1–6.3 l/s/person respectively which were well below recommended ASHRAE
   standards.  Second part of study includes development of a system dynamics
   (SD) based model which was used to estimate indoor CO2 concentrations
   utilizing calculated VRs (minute-by-minute and averaged) using VENSIM
   software.  The developed SD based model results showed high correlation
   (>0.98 for all classrooms, using minute-by-minute VRs) with monitored CO2
   concentration and low root mean square error.  Similarly, minute-by-minute
   VRs input to models showed more accurate simulation as compared to VRs
   averaged for a session (Correlation coefficient <70 for all classrooms).
   Finally, ASHRAE and REHVA recommended VRs (8 and 3 l/s/person respectively)
   were input to SD based model to simulate CO2 concentration, in which the
   former successfully kept CO2 levels below 1000 ppm and later failed to
   maintain claimed limits of 1500 ppm.  © 2020 Elsevier Ltd
DE air exchange rate; indoor co2; system dynamics; thermal comfort; ventilation
   rate; ventilation simulation
ID air; ashrae standards; finance; mean square error; system theory;
   ventilation; air exchange rates; co2 concentration; comfort parameter;
   correlation coefficient; indoor temperature; minute ventilations; root mean
   square errors; vensim softwares; carbon dioxide; computer simulation; indoor
   air; numerical model; relative humidity; temperature effect; ventilation;
   carbon dioxide

---

UT 898
AR Wu D/2, 2013, APPL MATH MODEL, V39, P7277, DOI 10.1016/j.apm.2015.02.042
TI Possibility of Inventory Pooling in China's public hospital and appraisal
   about its performance
AU Wu D/2; Rossetti MD; Tepper JE
TC 18
SO APPL MATH MODEL
PY 2013
AB Aiming to problems of high drug shortage possibility and rupture of
   liquidity caused by serious liquidity occupied in drug supply chain of
   public hospitals in China, this paper discusses effectiveness about
   application of Inventory Pooling theory in this section.  Employing Vensim
   software of system dynamic, the paper establishes 2 simulation models of
   whole process from drug demand to supply involved by patients, hospitals,
   distributors and manufacturers in traditional mode and the Pooling mode
   respectively.  By quantitative comparison and analysis, it is proved that
   Inventory Pooling could be an effective method to improve performance of
   drug supply chain in China, especially in cutting down shortage possibility
   and reducing liquidity occupied.  © 2015 Elsevier Inc.  All rights reserved.
DE drug supply; inventory pooling; system dynamic; vensim
ID chains; computer software; supply chains; demand-to-supply; drug supply;
   improve performance; inventory pooling; quantitative comparison; system
   dynamics; vensim; vensim softwares; hospitals

---

UT 899
AR Singh S, 2020, J PHYS CONF SER, V1531, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/1531/1/012118
TI Use of System Dynamics Forecasting Model in Transportation System to Reduce
   Vehicular Emissions-A Mathematical Approach
AU Singh S; Shukla BK; Sharma PK
TC 13
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2020
AB In recent years, the surface water quality has been observed deteriorating
   due to industrial activities and pollution in the Punjab state.  Evaluation
   of surface water quality is an important issue to assure from its safe and
   stable use.  However, describing quality conditions is generally difficult
   considering spatial variability of pollutants and a wide range of indicators
   like biological, physical and chemical substances which can be measured.
   This paper includes the study of surface water quality parameters in the
   northern Punjab region.  Samples from different sources across northern
   Punjab were analysed for pH, TDS, TSS, turbidity, DO, chloride content, iron
   content and hardness of surface water.  The pH, TDS, TSS, turbidity, DO,
   chloride content, iron content and hardness were found in the range of
   6.7-8.7, 1358.00-1430.60 mg/l, 135.10-141.21 mg/l, 0.001-0.62 NTU, 0.96-7.80
   mg/l, 0.80-15.56 mg/l, 0.01-0.02 mg/l and 1.2-13.9 mg/l respectively.  The
   obtained results were compared with the acceptance limits as given by Indian
   standard code IS: 10500-2012. The high values of water quality parameters
   obtained as a result of this study indicates the level of pollution of the
   different sources of surface water of northern Punjab.  At the end the
   obtained results were critically examined and suggestions were made for
   better management of surface water resources.  An efficient transportation
   system is vital to economic development and a sustainable environment in a
   country.  India's road transportation contributes to approximately 5.4% of
   the GDP carrying 65% of freight traffic and 85% of passenger traffic.
   India's fuel imports are growing at an average of 18% annually for which
   India spends 3.5% of GDP, thereby posing a major threat to the economy of
   the country in the future.  Also, the use of such a high quantity of fuel
   causes vehicular pollution, which is responsible for fuel emission in urban
   areas.  This study concentrates on carrying out an interdisciplinary work
   involving the sectors of transportation, energy, and environment considering
   the parameters like vehicle model split, fuel consumption and vehicular
   emissions.  This is done by building, System Dynamics (SD) forecasting
   simulation models using STELLA software to mathematically forecast these
   parameters in the upcoming years until 2030. Hence, a scenario of augmenting
   the growth rate of public transportation and simultaneously restricting the
   growth rate of personalised transportation showed a substantial decrease in
   fuel consumption and fuel emissions, which eventually resulted in a
   reduction of fuel cost as well as an increase in the GDP in the
   transportation system for Chennai city.  © 2019 Published under licence by
   IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID chlorine compounds; computer software; economics; forecasting; fuel economy;
   fuels; hardness; indicators ( chemical ); iron; river pollution; surface
   water resources; system theory; traffic surveys; turbidity; water hardness;
   forecasting modeling; industrial activities; interdisciplinary work;
   mathematical approach; public transportation; sustainable environment;
   transportation system; water quality parameters; surface waters

---

UT 900
AR Li X-G, 2014, PROC INT ASIA CONF IND ENG MANAG INNOV IEMI, P823, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-40060-5_79
TI System dynamics modeling in coal mine safety
AU Li X-G; Song X-F; Li X-C
TC 3
SO PROC INT ASIA CONF IND ENG MANAG INNOV IEMI
PY 2014
AB In order to study the occurrence mechanism of coal mine accidents in more
   detail, a simulation model on mine safety system was constructed by Vensim.
   In the simulation model, the human related, equipment related, environment
   related and cultural factors in the accidents causing process are analyzed
   to find the coal mine accident mechanism.  With simulation in different
   scenarios and sensitivity analysis, the variation of causing factors and the
   influential relations are studied to seek the control approaches and
   management measures to the accidents of coal mine system.  © 2014 Springer-
   Verlag Berlin Heidelberg..
DE causing factors; coal mine safety; system dynamics; system simulation
ID accidents; coal mines; disasters; industrial engineering; system theory;
   causing factors; coal mine accidents; coal mine safety; cultural factors;
   management measures; system dynamics; system dynamics model; system
   simulations; computer simulation

---

UT 901
AR Sapiri H, 2010, WORLD ACAD SCI ENG TECHNOL, V46, P814
TI Dynamics simulation approach in analyzing pension expenditure
AU Sapiri H; Kamil AA; Tahar RM; Tumin H
TC 0
SO WORLD ACAD SCI ENG TECHNOL
PY 2010
AB Salary risk and demographic risk have been identified as main risks in
   analyzing pension expenditure particularly in Defined Benefit pension plan.
   Therefore, public pension plan in Malaysia is studied to analyze pension
   expenditure due to salary and demographic risk.  Through the literature
   review and interview session with several officers in public sector, factors
   affecting pension expenditure are determined.  Then, the inter-relationships
   between these factors are analyzed through causal loop diagram.  The System
   Dynamics model is later developed using iThink software to show how
   demographic and salary changes affect the pension expenditure.  Then, by
   using actual data, the impact of different policy scenarios on pension
   expenditure is analyzed.  It is shown that dynamics simulation model of
   pension expenditure is useful to evaluate the impact of changes and policy
   decisions on risk particularly involving demographic and salary risk.
DE demographic and salary risk; pension expenditure; public policy; system
   dynamics
ID computer simulation; pension plans; public policy; system theory; wages;
   causal loop diagrams; dynamics simulation; inter-relationships; literature
   reviews; malaysia; pension expenditure; policy decisions; policy scenario;
   public sector; system dynamics; system dynamics model; population statistics

---

UT 902
AR Liu S/2, 2011, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V28, P245, DOI 10.1002/sres.1064
TI Representing qualitative variables and their interactions with fuzzy logic
   in system dynamics modeling
AU Liu S/2; Triantis KP; Sarangi S
TC 20
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2011
AB We propose a method for incorporating multiple linguistic or soft variables
   into a system dynamics framework.  A simple example is used to illustrate
   the procedures necessary to define linguistic variables using triangular
   membership functions within the VENSIM Simulation Environment.  We
   illustrate the operations of linguistic variables through a sales and
   service model where two linguistic variables, i.e.  customer's satisfaction
   with respect to service, and lead time associated with a product, impact the
   conversion of potential customers into customers.  After having created
   fuzzy triangular membership functions, we obtain the combined effect of the
   two linguistic variables using the max-min inference procedure.  For
   defuzzification we use the notion of the largest of maximum to translate the
   fuzzy representation of the combined effect into a crisp value.  Finally, we
   provide simulation results pertaining to the probability of generating new
   customers and profits by considering pessimistic, optimistic and
   intermediate fuzzy rules for our model.  © 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
DE fuzzy decision rules; fuzzy logic; linguistic variables; sales and service
   model; systems dynamics

---

UT 903
AR Zhuang X, 2020, J INTELL FUZZY SYST, V38, P6883, DOI 10.3233/JIFS-179766
TI Intelligent simulation of enterprise re-innovation support system based on
   system dynamics
AU Zhuang X
TC 4
SO J INTELL FUZZY SYST
PY 2020
AB Technology innovation failure exists objectively.  How to provide support
   for failed enterprises and improve their willingness to re-innovate has
   become a hot issue in the field of innovation management.  To build a re-
   innovation support system for enterprises with failed innovation from the
   perspective of institutional environment, the system model of the re-
   innovation support system of the enterprises with failed innovation was
   established through the system dynamics method, the system boundary was
   defined, the causal relationship and the system flow graph of the model were
   analyzed, and the operation effect of the support system model was
   intelligent simulated by using Vensim software.  The results show that
   institutional support can effectively reduce the number of enterprises with
   failed innovation, increase the number of re-innovation enterprises, and
   further improve the enterprise income and government revenue, thus verifying
   the effectiveness of the re-innovation support system of enterprises with
   failed innovation.  © 2020 - IOS Press and the authors.  All rights
   reserved.
DE intelligent simulation; re-innovation; support system; system dynamics
ID flow graphs; causal relationships; effect of the support; innovation
   management; institutional support; intelligent simulations; system dynamics;
   technology innovation; vensim softwares; system theory

---

UT 904
AR Han Z, 2013, ADV J FOOD SCI TECHNOL, V5, P1505, DOI 10.19026/ajfst.5.3375
TI Enterprise brand competition ability and its application research based on
   system dynamics
AU Han Z; Ma J/2
TC 0
SO ADV J FOOD SCI TECHNOL
PY 2013
AB In this study we modeling the enterprise independent brand operation ability
   of the system with the method of system dynamics, have the, analysis to the
   relationship between R and D, production, marketing of the three subsystems,
   analyzes the factors that influence the brand competition risk, grasp the
   various factors for the competitive strategy of enterprise brand influence,
   implementation and algorithm by using vensim software and then through the
   clustering analysis, we have a study of 12 enterprises leather brand
   operation ability, the result has reference value for practical construction
   of independent brand+-s of Chinese enterprises and we provide some
   suggestions to enhance the own brand operation capability of Chinese
   enterprises, which has important theoretical innovation and practical
   significance.  © Maxwell Scientific Organization, 2013.
DE brand competition ability; brand operation ability; system dynamics
ID risk assessment; system theory; brand operation ability; chinese enterprise;
   clustering analysis; competition ability; competition risks; competitive
   strategy; system dynamics; theoretical innovations; competition

---

UT 905
AR Wang G, 2011, INT CONF ELECTR CONTROL ENG ICECE - PROC, P1696, DOI
   10.1109/ICECENG.2011.6058391
TI Research on city eco-security early warning based on system dynamics-A case
   of Liaohe river
AU Wang G; Ding X
TC 0
SO INT CONF ELECTR CONTROL ENG ICECE - PROC
PY 2011
AB City eco-security early-warning evaluation indicator system of Liaohe River
   watershed based on Pressure-State-Response (P-S-R) was established, and on
   the basis of which, city eco-security early-warning model of resources-
   population- economy-society-environment composite system was built in this
   paper.  This research adopts a combination assessment methods, simulates a
   series of eco-security early-warning indexes of Liaoning Province frome 2010
   to 2020 through VENSIM, to evaluate eco-security early-warning index value
   of 15 cities.  The results show that eco-security early-warning assessment
   can be sorted into three types: safe areas, consistently endangered areas
   and degraded areas.  The latter two is regarded as early-warning areas, its
   eco-security trend is very serious in future ten years.  The simulation
   results show that the model based on SD of the eco-security early-warning
   agrees with actual state.  The results provide a theoretical basis for the
   development of Liaohe River watershed plans.  © 2011 IEEE.
DE city ecological security; early warning; liaohe river watershed; system
   dynamics
ID computer simulation; landforms; rating; system theory; watersheds;
   combination assessment method; early warning; ecological security;
   evaluation indicator system; index values; liaohe river watershed; liaoning
   province; model-based opc; river watersheds; simulation result; system
   dynamics; theoretical basis; river control

---

UT 906
AR Zarghami M, 2016, ARAB J GEOSCI, V9, DOI 10.1007/s12517-016-2676-3
TI Reservoir operation using system dynamics under climate change impacts: a
   case study of Yamchi reservoir, Iran
AU Zarghami M; Fotookian MR; Safari N; Aslanzadeh A
TC 13
SO ARAB J GEOSCI
PY 2016
AB This paper proposes a decision support system for Yamchi reservoir operation
   in semi-arid region of Iran.  The paper consists of the following steps:
   Firstly, the potential impacts of climate change on the streamflow are
   predicted.  The study then presents the projections of future changes in
   temperature and precipitation under A2 scenario using the LARS-WG
   downscaling model and under RCP2.6, RCP4.5, and RCP8.5 using the statistical
   downscaling model (SDSM) in the northwestern of Iran.  To do so, a general
   circulation model of HadCM3 is downscaled by using the LARS-WG model.  As a
   result, the average temperature, for the horizon 2030 (2011–2030), will
   increase by 0.77 °C and precipitation will decrease by 11 mm.  Secondly, the
   downscaled variables are used as input to the artificial neural network to
   investigate the possible impact of climate change on the runoffs.  Thirdly,
   the system dynamics model is employed to model different scenarios for
   reservoir operation using the Vensim software.  System dynamics is an
   effective approach for understanding the behavior of complex systems.
   Simulation results demonstrate that the water shortage in different sectors
   (including agriculture, domestic, industry, and environmental users) will be
   enormously increased in the case of business-as-usual strategy.  In this
   research, by providing innovative management strategies, including deficit
   irrigation, the vulnerability of reservoir operation is reduced.  The
   methodology is evaluated by using different modeling tests which then
   motivates using the methodology for other arid/semi-arid regions.  © 2016,
   Saudi Society for Geosciences.
DE climate change; system dynamics; watershed management; yamchi reservoir
ID iran; artificial neural network; decision support system; down-scaling;
   future prospect; general circulation model; numerical model; precipitation (
   climatology ); reservoir; semi-arid region; streamflow; vulnerability;
   watershed

---

UT 907
AR Hu J/2, 2016, XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO, V48, P760
TI Simulation research on the housing demand of aged based on the system
   dynamics
AU Hu J/2; Zhou E
TC 0
SO XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2016
AB In this paper, the development of the housing for market was analyzed from
   the perspective of supply and demand, and the elderly housing market was
   divided into six subsystems, which was analyzed.  Then based on the theory
   and method of System Dynamics, the system feedback loop was established
   according to the internal influence mechanism of the elderly housing market
   system; by means of the relationship between variables and the equation set,
   a system dynamics simulation model of urban housing market was built;
   according to the statistical data analysis of Xi'an City Yearbook and Land
   Resources and Housing Authority, the system dynamics software Vensim PLE was
   used to simulate the system.  The housing market data from 2011 to 2015 in
   Xi'an was taken as the basis of the model, the development status of the
   housing market over the 5 years in Xi'an was simulated, and the development
   trend in the next 5 years was predicted.  Finally, according to the
   simulation results, the corresponding counter measures was put forward for
   the government and enterprises, as provide reference for decision-making.  ©
   2016, Editorial Office of Journal of Xi'an University of Architecture &
   Technology.  All right reserved.
DE dynamic system; housing demand of aged; housing of aged

---

UT 908
AR Nittinger E, 2020, SYST ENG DES SYMP SIEDS, DOI
   10.1109/SIEDS49339.2020.9106649
TI System Dynamics Flood Modeling Framework for Dam Failure Evacuation Planning
   in Developing Countries
AU Nittinger E; Arce GF; Gemici G; Soto V
TC 0
SO SYST ENG DES SYMP SIEDS
PY 2020
AB Currently, available flood modeling approaches require High-Performance
   Computing (HPC) software and high-resolution terrain data.  Developing
   countries with unstable dams face challenges in accessing these technologies
   and acquiring the required data elements.  This project developed a dynamic
   flood modeling methodology, using established hydrological assumptions, that
   implemented simulation and optimization models to determine safe evacuation
   routes by using public datasets, publicly available technical expertise, and
   common computing capabilities.  The Péligre Dam in Haiti was the case study
   site since data from an HPC model was available for results comparison.
   QGIS was used to extract the 'water flow factors' which are: (i) channel
   slope, turns, and shape; (ii) major channel obstructions and channel
   terrain; (iii) floodplain shape; and (iv) major floodplain obstructions and
   floodplain terrain.  A system dynamics model was created to simulate water
   flow as a function of time using Vensim.  This model used the water flow
   factors as inputs and produced the following key outputs: (i) volumetric
   flow rate (\mathrm{Q}-{\mathrm{i},\mathrm{t}}), (ii) water height over time
   (\mathrm{h}-{\mathrm{i},\mathrm{t}}), (iii) time when actual flooding begins
   (ChannelMAX), and (iv) time of maximal flooding (FloodplainMAX). The results
   were plotted, and the root mean square errors were calculated to visualize
   the extent to which the results from the systems dynamics model compare with
   the HPC software results.  Evacuation routes were modeled with the shortest
   path algorithm by minimizing the feasible travel distance between at-risk
   populated areas and safe-high-ground areas with route constraints based on
   the system dynamics model's output.  The validity of the results
   demonstrates that the proposed methodology can adequately model inundation
   and reliable evacuation routes for dam failure scenarios in developing
   countries.  © 2020 IEEE.
DE dam failure inundation; flood modeling; optimization; shortest path linear
   programming; system dynamics
ID banks ( bodies of water ); dams; developing countries; disasters; floods;
   flow of water; hydraulics; mean square error; system theory; computing
   capability; evacuation planning; high performance computing ( hpc ); root
   mean square errors; shortest path algorithms; simulation and optimization
   models; system dynamics model; volumetric flow rate; failure ( mechanical )

---

UT 909
AR Zhang Q/1, 2010, PROC INT CONF E-BUS E-GOV ICEE, P4667, DOI
   10.1109/ICEE.2010.1171
TI Study on the supply chain inventory under electronic commerce base on system
   dynamics
AU Zhang Q/1; He F; Zhao X
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF E-BUS E-GOV ICEE
PY 2010
AB Base on system dynamics, this paper use the software Ithink to build two
   molds, they are traditional two-lever supply chain and electronic commerce
   two-lever supply chain.  In the two molds, we use arrays to simulate a
   single inventory center ships out to multiple retailers.  And some
   traditional constraints on Dispatch Centers are loosened, such as unlimited
   capacity.  After the simulation, We compared the two molds from multi-angle
   and confirmed that electronic commerce two-lever supply chain outperforms
   the traditional two-lever supply chain such as low inventory, bullwhip
   weakened.  © 2010 IEEE.
DE electronic commerce; inventory; simulation; supply chain
ID government data processing; molds; ships; supply chain management; supply
   chains; system theory; inventory; multi-angle; simulation; system dynamics;
   electronic commerce

---

UT 910
AR Lu Y/2, 2016, SAF SCI, V89, P219, DOI 10.1016/j.ssci.2016.06.018
TI System dynamics modeling of the safety evolution of blended-wing-body
   subscale demonstrator flight testing
AU Lu Y/2; Zhang S-G; Hao L; Huangfu H-Y; Sheng H
TC 29
SO SAF SCI
PY 2016
AB Between 2008 and 2010, three blended-wing-body (BWB) aircraft configuration
   subscale demonstrators developed by our research team encountered frequent
   accidents in flight tests.  After the crash of the third demonstrator in
   March 2010, we initialized a systematic safety control approach and achieved
   improved safety records on the fourth demonstrator in 2012. This paper aims
   to develop a system dynamics model to represent such safety evolution
   process and to reveal the organizational mechanism involving complex dynamic
   interactions of accident causal factors (technical, organizational and
   human). Using VENSIM® software as a modeling tool, a qualitative system
   dynamic simulation is performed to model the feedback relationships of
   safety-related variables that affect the accident rate of demonstrator
   flight testing across time.  This paper gives an innovative example to apply
   system dynamics methodology on accident causation analysis in the area of
   aviation.  © 2016 Elsevier Ltd
DE causal loop; demonstrator flight accident; organization system safety;
   stock/flow simulation; system dynamics
ID aircraft accidents; computer software; flight simulators; flow control;
   safety testing; software testing; system theory; causal loop; flight
   accidents; organization system; stock/flow simulation; system dynamics;
   accident prevention; aerospace medicine; aircraft; aircraft accident;
   article; aviation; computer program; factorial analysis; flight;
   occupational hazard; occupational safety; priority journal; qualitative
   analysis; risk assessment; root cause analysis; three blended wing body
   aircraft; fighter aircraft

---

UT 911
AR Wang X-Q, 2014, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V34, P1352
TI Methods and case study on water ecological carrying capacity using SD model
AU Wang X-Q; Gao W; Zeng Y
TC 10
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2014
AB Based on SD (system dynamics) model, a simulation and optimization method
   for water ecological carrying capacity was proposed, and the method was
   tested by its application in Changzhou city.  The SD model was developed by
   Vensim DSS software.  Using scenarios analysis, five scenario schemes
   including zero scheme, water saving scheme, low pollution control scheme,
   moderate pollution control scheme and high pollution control scheme were
   designed from the views of water saving and pollution control.  The water
   ecological carrying capacity in Changzhou city was simulated by the five
   schemes, and the optimized scenario was screened by the genetic projection
   pursuit method.  Results showed that the high pollution control scheme was
   the recommended one.  By the recommended scheme, Changzhou city could burden
   a population of 4.81 million and GDP of 609.4 billion RMB. The utilization
   rate of water environmental capacity is up to 100%, and the water resources
   utilization rate cannot exceed 48.8%. It is pointed out that to achieve
   these goals necessary measures must be taken, such as improving the water
   use efficiency, reducing the growth rate of seriously polluting industries,
   increasing the investment of sewage treatment and enhancing the sewage
   treatment ratios, and so on.  This study could provide not only a method for
   the assessment of water ecological carrying capacity, but also a theoretical
   basis for coordinated development of environmental protection and economics.
DE changzhou city; genetic projection pursuit model; scenario analysis; system
   dynamics model; water ecological carrying capacity; water environmental
   capacity utilization rate; water resources utilization rate
ID computer simulation; ecology; economics; pollution induced corrosion; sewage
   treatment; system theory; water conservation; water resources; changzhou;
   projection pursuit models; scenario analysis; system dynamics model; water
   ecological carrying capacities; water environmental capacities; water
   resources utilizations; water pollution

---

UT 912
AR Sokolovska Z, 2019, RIV STUD SULLA SOSTENIBILITA, V2019, P53, DOI
   10.3280/RISS2019-002006
TI An insurance company as an element of sustainable development of the state
   socio-economic system: Ukraine insurance companies case study
AU Sokolovska Z; Klepikova O; Cherkasova T
TC 2
SO RIV STUD SULLA SOSTENIBILITA
PY 2019
AB This article focuses on non-life insurance companies functioning and
   ensuring their sustainable development on the basis of the System Dynamics
   method application on the iThink system software platform.  The key points
   of the research are the analysis of economic and mathematical methods,
   models, information technologies, which are used for risk valuation and
   insurance companies activity management; simulation models complex
   development for non-life insurance company management.  The proposed
   approach allows insurance companies to analyse and pick up management
   factors for achieving sustainable development; to carry out an analysis of
   the indicators reflecting the internal and external factors that affect the
   stability of insurance companies and the insurance market of Ukraine.  The
   proposed simulation-models are aimed at situational testing of the insurance
   company's work in order to control financial sustainability and solvency
   indicators.  © 2019 Franco Angeli Edizioni.  All rights reserved.
DE financial stability; insurance company; insurance market; simulation
   modeling; socio-economic system; sustainable development; system dynamics

---

UT 913
AR Mo Y, 2015, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V286, P29, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-662-44674-4_3
TI System dynamics modeling and simulation of two-stage remanufacturing reverse
   supply chain
AU Mo Y; Li L/2; Huang W/1
TC 4
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2015
AB Remanufacturing is a processing for recycling the availability value of used
   product; it contains recovery, disassembly, cleaning, overhaul, repair, and
   replacement operations, and product recovery operations in remanufacturing
   supply chains face continually changing product demand.  In this paper,
   according to the principle and procedure of system dynamics modeling, system
   dynamic model of two-stage remanufacturing reverse supply chain including a
   reproducer and recycler is established.  The simulation of model can be used
   to analyze the remanufacturing supply chain system from the macroscopic
   qualitative view and microcosmic quantitative view, and to improve the
   structure and get parameter optimization.  As for the purpose of reducing
   the operation cost and improving the gross profit, this paper analyzes the
   influence of different factors to the cost and total profit of
   remanufacturing reverse supply chain through dynamic simulation.  Through
   analyzing and controlling the change of the impact factors, this paper
   presents the remanufacturing supply chain operation mode with higher
   benefits.  © Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2015.
DE remanufacturing; simulation; supply chain; system dynamics; vensim
ID profitability; repair; supply chains; system theory; parameter optimization;
   remanufacturing; remanufacturing supply chains; reverse supply chains;
   simulation; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling and simulations;
   vensim; chains

---

UT 914
AR Valencia J, 2015, SPRINGER PROC MATH STAT, V121, P349, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-12583-1_24
TI Qualitative analysis of climate seasonality effects in a model of national
   electricity market
AU Valencia J; Olivar G; Franco CJ/1; Dyner I
TC 4
SO SPRINGER PROC MATH STAT
PY 2015
AB In the following chapter, we present a model for the supply and demand of
   electricity in a domestic market based on system dynamics.  Additionally,
   the model shows piecewise smooth differential equations arising from the
   diagram of flows and levels, using dynamical systems theory for the study of
   stability of the equilibrium points that have such a system.  We also
   present simulations, nonlinear numerical analysis, and qualitative analysis
   to the system of differential equations obtained, which is characterized by
   dynamics not smooth, due to the way decisions are made in that market.
   Using the software package Vensim and event-based scheme implementation in
   Matlab are verified as different saturation phenomena, oscillations, fixed
   points, among others, and the relationship between leverage points and
   stability of equilibrium points.  Finally, we conclude the effects of
   climate seasonality in the market.  Furthermore, we show that the system
   becomes periodically forced due to the external variable.  © Springer
   International Publishing Switzerland 2015.
DE applied mathematics; electricity market; nonlinear system; non-smooth
   dynamical system; numerical analysis; simulation; stability analysis
ID climate models; commerce; differential equations; dynamical systems;
   economics; electric industry; matlab; nonlinear equations; nonlinear
   systems; numerical analysis; power markets; system theory; applied
   mathematics; national electricity markets; non-smooth dynamical systems;
   nonlinear numerical analysis; piecewise smooth differential equations;
   simulation; stability analysis; system of differential equations; system
   stability

---

UT 915
AR Li Y/4, 2014, J COMPUT SCI, V11, P6039, DOI 10.12733/jics20105124
TI Research on the pricing model of medical services in china based on system
   dynamics method
AU Li Y/4; Lu H; Xing X
TC 3
SO J COMPUT SCI
PY 2014
AB The current medical charge system is dominated by the government.  Facts
   have proved that this system had caused many unreasonable phenomena.
   Consequently, the reform of medical service pricing system is emphasis and
   difficulty in China's medical system reform.  The paper sets up the pricing
   process of medical services to analyze the dynamic mapping relationships
   between various factors.  And this paper breaks the government independent
   pricing mold and establishes the medical service pricing method of
   government and hospitals co-decision.  Furthermore, this paper applies
   System Dynamics method to build the simulation model of pricing medical
   services on Vensim simulation platform that can overcome many drawbacks
   existing in the current pricing system of China's public hospitals.  In
   addition, this paper compares simulation results with the current price of
   Abdominal Vascular Color Doppler Ultrasound to illustrate the advantages of
   this model.  The study will be helpful for the reform on new health care
   system in China.  © 2014 by Binary Information Press
DE computation and simulation; delphi method; pricing model; system dynamics
ID hospitals; system theory; color doppler ultrasounds; delphi method; health
   care system; medical services; pricing models; simulation model; simulation
   platform; system dynamics; costs

---

UT 916
AR Zhu X, 2017, COMPLEX, V2017, DOI 10.1155/2017/5094218
TI Research on behavior model of rumor maker based on system dynamics
AU Zhu X; Liu F
TC 19
SO COMPLEX
PY 2017
AB Laws of rumor makers’ behaviors are the root of curbing rumor and effective
   way to block rumor occurrence.  Therefore, based on system dynamics model,
   this paper proposed the rumors behavior evolution model of rumor makers,
   aimed at discovering the laws of rumor makers’ behaviors to achieve rumors
   blocking.  First, by refining the driving factors in disinformation
   behavior, we constructed causal diagram of disinformation behavior
   evolution; secondly, by means of causal diagram, we constructed stockflow
   diagram for quantitative analysis; finally, simulation experiment was
   carried out by using Vensim Personal Learning Edition software (Vensim
   PLE).The results showed that negative attitude is a major factor in the
   occurrence of disinformation behavior; personal factors aremore pronounced
   than the factors of social and government on the impact of disinformation
   propensity score.  © 2017 Xiaoqian Zhu and Fengming Liu.

---

UT 917
AR Cui H-R, 2014, ENERGY EDUC SCT TECHNOL ENERGY SCI RES, V32, P1419
TI Study on smart grid system based on system dynamics
AU Cui H-R; Peng X
TC 1
SO ENERGY EDUC SCT TECHNOL ENERGY SCI RES
PY 2014
AB Smart Grid is a large complex system, involving generation, transmission,
   distribution and delivery of four links.  This paper explains state
   variables, rate variables and constants in the development of Smart Grid
   system by Vensim and analyzes subsystems causal feedback relationship.
   Finally, this paper analyzes the simulation on the amount of funding and
   professionals in the Smart Grid system dynamics flow diagram after inputting
   DYNAMO equations.  The simulation analysis shows that the development of the
   Smart Grid should focus on training professionals.  Professional talent is a
   source of strength in the Smart Grid development.  At the same time, we
   should also pay attention to industrial policy related to the Smart Grid.  ©
   Sila Science.  All Rights Reserved.
DE countermeasures; feedback; smart grid system; system dynamics
ID feedback; radar countermeasures; rate constants; system theory; dynamo
   equations; flow diagram; industrial policies; large complex systems;
   simulation analysis; smart grid systems; state variables; system dynamics;
   smart power grids

---

UT 918
AR Li Y/4, 2015, ICIC EXPRESS LETT, V9, P1817
TI Research on modeling and simulation of medical service pricing applying
   system dynamics method
AU Li Y/4; Xing X; Lu H
TC 0
SO ICIC EXPRESS LETT
PY 2015
AB The current pricing mode of medical services dominated by the government has
   caused many unreasonable phenomena.  Consequently, the paper sets up the
   pricing process of medical services to analyze the dynamic mapping
   relationships between various factors.  And then this paper establishes the
   pricing model of government and hospitals co-decision that can avoid many
   drawbacks existing in the current pricing system.  Fur- thermore, this paper
   applies System Dynamics theory to build the simulation model of medical
   service pricing on Vensim simulation platform.  In addition, based on
   Guangzhou health status, this paper simulates the pricing process of
   Fiberoptic Bronchoscopy and dis- cusses simulation results compared with the
   current price.  © 2015, ISSN 1881-803X.
DE delphi method; modeling and simulation; pricing model; system dynamics
ID endoscopy; system theory; delphi method; medical services; model and
   simulation; pricing models; pricing systems; simulation model; simulation
   platform; system dynamics; costs

---

UT 919
AR Lefaan Y, 2018, PROC INT CONF TECHNOL ELECTR ENG SMART TECHNOL SOC ICITEE,
   P58, DOI 10.1109/ICITEED.2018.8534793
TI System dynamics model with human development paradigm for projection of
   electricity needs per household 2016-2050 in Papua Province-Indonesia
AU Lefaan Y; Dalimi R
TC 3
SO PROC INT CONF TECHNOL ELECTR ENG SMART TECHNOL SOC ICITEE
PY 2018
AB Population growth and economic growth often used as driving factors to make
   electricity demand growth projections.  However, this projection method
   cannot be used entirely in the Papua Province because the industrial sector
   has not developed yet, and the trade andservices sectors are still
   relatively small and scattered.  This paper proposes a new method that is
   mostappropriate to the characteristics of the region and population
   distribution in Papua Province, namely by using population growth and human
   development index (HDI) as driving factors for electricity demand growth
   projection.  Using the system dynamics model and using 2015as the baseyear,
   the projection of average electricity needs per household in 20162050 in
   Papua Province have simulated.  Biak-Numfor Regency, Jayapura Municipality,
   Jayawijaya Regency andMerauke Regency with different topography conditions
   were selected in this study to demonstrate the application of system
   dynamics model with the human development paradigm for projection of
   electricity needs per household in Papua Province.  The method used in this
   study is the exponential regression between HDI as the independent variable
   and the average electricity consumption per household as the dependent
   variable.  System dynamics modeling and simulation isdone using Powersim
   studio tool.  At the beginning of the simulation year obtained HDI were
   71.47;78.93; 55.03and 68.41 respectively in Biak-Numfor Regency, Jayapura
   Municipality, Jayawijaya Regency, and Merauke Regency, and at the end of the
   simulation year obtained HDI were 83.65; 87.80; 75.88 and 83.56. At the
   beginning of the simulation year obtained average electricity needs per
   household were 1,649; 2,810; 2,361 and 2,045 in kWh units respectively in
   Biak-Numfor Regency, Jayapura Municipality, Jayawijaya Regency, and Merauke
   Regency.  At the end of thesimulation year obtained average electricity
   needs per household were 2,250; 5,466; 4,340 and 4,360 in kWh units.  © 2018
   IEEE.
DE average electricity needs per household; hdi; papua province
ID economics; electric power utilization; system theory; average electricity
   needs per household; electricity demand growth; electricity-consumption;
   exponential regression; human development index; independent variables;
   papua province; system dynamics modeling and simulations; population
   statistics

---

UT 920
AR Zhao X/3, 2014, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V279, P271, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-54927-4_26
TI Research on evolution mechanism of runway incursion risks based on system
   dynamics
AU Zhao X/3; Luo F/1
TC 2
SO ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT
PY 2014
AB Based on system dynamics theory, the system boundary of runway incursion is
   confirmed.  The causal loop diagram and system flow diagram of runway
   incursion risks evolution are built.  The logical relationship and feedback
   mechanisms between the factors are analyzed.  The process of runway
   incursion evolution is revealed and the trend of this evolution is
   forecasted.  Based on the System Dynamics Software Vensim, the simulation
   results show that the risk value of runway incursion stabilizes after
   experiencing the peak value in a period of time.  The finding is consistent
   with practical state of runway incursion in the civil aviation industry,
   which verifies the validity of the model.  © Springer-Verlag Berlin
   Heidelberg 2014.
DE evolution mechanism; runway incursion; system dynamics
ID civil aviation; computer software; intelligent systems; knowledge
   engineering; aviation industry; causal loop diagrams; evolution mechanism;
   feedback mechanisms; logical relationships; runway incursion; system
   boundary; system dynamics; system theory

---

UT 921
AR Seyedhosseini SM, 2011, AUST J BASIC APPL SCI, V5, P182
TI Recognition dynamic model of world class manufacturing in Iranian automotive
   industry
AU Seyedhosseini SM; Soloukdar A
TC 2
SO AUST J BASIC APPL SCI
PY 2011
AB The subject matter of world class manufacturing (WCM) has attracted the
   attention of many manufacturing industries and operation strategists.  Lack
   of clarification of relationships among widely spreading elements of
   manufacturing process by applying an integrated model of system dynamics
   (SD) by causal loop and stock & flow diagrams, and the lack of attention to
   non-linearity and time delays, all are the main reasons that some companies
   may be far away from developing a comprehensive, and advantageous model in a
   WCM system.  This research has been carried out as a case study in the Iran
   Khodro Co.  Moreover, by examining the company's Balanced Scorecard (BSC)
   structure and its strategy as well, a dynamic integrated model of BSC has
   been provided for implementing WCM strategies and eliminating deficiencies
   related to the classical architecture of BSC and strategic management
   approach as well.  We used Vensim software for designing and analyzing our
   model after entering related data, parameters, and equations.
DE dynamic balanced scorecard; iran khodro co; system dynamics; world class
   manufacturing

---

UT 922
AR Stadnicka D/1, 2019, INT J PROD ECON, V208, P400, DOI
   10.1016/j.ijpe.2018.12.011
TI Value stream mapping and system dynamics integration for manufacturing line
   modelling and analysis
AU Stadnicka D/1; Litwin P
TC 81
SO INT J PROD ECON
PY 2019
AB Companies have to meet clients' requirements with regard to product quality
   and delivery time.  In order to survive and have possibilities to develop,
   companies should do it at minimal cost.  The lean manufacturing
   implementation approach together with lean tools, such as value stream
   mapping (VSM), is an efficient way for waste identification and elimination.
   However, since VSM enables only a static analysis of a manufacturing system,
   the authors present in this paper how the integration of VSM with a system
   dynamics analysis (SDA) may increase the possibilities for waste
   identification and elimination.  At first, the methodology of extended VSM
   is described.  Then, an extended value stream map (VSMap) is developed and a
   system dynamics model (SDM) for a case study from the automotive industry is
   presented.  Next, simulations in Vensim software are performed considering
   the inventory limitations and disturbances such as delivery delays, machine
   failures and nonconformities.  The results are related to inventory levels,
   a number of manufactured products and work stand load.  The article proves
   that the proposed extended VSM may be used as the only source of data for
   the construction of a manufacturing line computer model.  The paper also
   argues that the integration of VSM and SD allows not only to identify and
   eliminate waste, but also to understand the impact of the identified
   problems on WIP and the production volume.  © 2018 Elsevier B.V.
DE computer simulations; extended value stream mapping; inventory level
   reduction; manufacturing system analysis; system dynamics analysis
ID automotive industry; computer hardware description languages; computer
   simulation; integration; mapping; static analysis; system theory; inventory
   levels; manufactured products; manufacturing implementations; modeling and
   analysis; quality and delivery; system dynamics; system dynamics model;
   value stream mapping; manufacture

---

UT 923
AR [Anonymous], 2013, ADV ENV BIOL, V7, P562
TI Simultaneous simulation of both surface and groundwater resources using
   system dynamics approach (Case study: Taleghan dam)
TC 7
SO ADV ENV BIOL
PY 2013
AB The method of system dynamics, derived from systematic thinking, is a useful
   tool in management and planning.  Simultaneous study of the surface and
   groundwater of a region aids the proper exploitation of the water resources
   of the region.  In the current research, by investigating Taleghandam(Iran)
   using the system dynamics approach, the effects of dam construction on
   sustainability and groundwater resources control as well as their operation
   management approach is studied.  Furthermore, due to the increasing demand
   for drinking water in Tehran province, the potential drinking water
   withdrawal from the Taleghan dam in the future and its effects on providing
   other regional demands was observed.  Therefore, as a result of this study,
   a practical model was created that could be used for any place in the world
   having similar conditions to that of the investigated region here, only by
   changing the input data to that of the desired region.  In addition,
   management scenario can help the sustainability of the water resources
   either by increasing the irrigation efficiency of the region or by proper
   economic saving.  Three indices(vulnerability, sustainability and
   reliability) were calculated for each of the four scenarios.  The results
   are presented in this paper.
DE simultaneous simulation; surface and groundwater resources; system dynamics;
   vensim

---

UT 924
AR Liu M/1, 2011, INT CONF ARTIF INTELL MANAG SCI ELECTRON COMMER AIMSEC -
   PROC, P5035, DOI 10.1109/AIMSEC.2011.6010236
TI Food supply chain risk assessment based on the theory of system dynamics
AU Liu M/1; Fan H
TC 3
SO INT CONF ARTIF INTELL MANAG SCI ELECTRON COMMER AIMSEC - PROC
PY 2011
AB In today's increasingly competitive market, supply chain risk management is
   increasingly being valued by managers.  In the foundation of investigation
   and study, and by the system dynamics theory, we analysis the causal
   relationship of seven main risks on food supply chain by vensim simulation
   software.  And dynamically evaluate to risk factors by causal relationship,
   the influence strength level of risk factors to food supply chain system is
   orderedvand it can provide scientific basis for the policy-making of food
   supply chain risk management.  © 2011 IEEE.
DE risk assessment; supply chain; system dynamics
ID artificial intelligence; chains; computer software; electronic commerce;
   food supply; management science; rating; risk assessment; risk management;
   supply chains; system theory; causal relationships; competitive markets;
   policy making; risk factors; simulation software; supply chain risk
   management; system dynamics; supply chain management

---

UT 925
AR Li J/6, 2013, INT COMPUT CONF WAVELET ACT MEDIA TECHNOL PROCESS ICCWAMTIP,
   P273, DOI 10.1109/ICCWAMTIP.2013.6716647
TI Producers inventory control system research based on system dynamics
AU Li J/6; Zheng X-B
TC 0
SO INT COMPUT CONF WAVELET ACT MEDIA TECHNOL PROCESS ICCWAMTIP
PY 2013
AB The viewpoint that logistic is the third origin of profit has been generally
   recognized, and supply chain inventory management has been the focus of
   management research accordingly.  The enterprises of our country are
   obsessed by the problem of inventory all along.  Based on former researches,
   the writer applies System Dynamics to producer inventory management.  After
   establishing SD inventory models in accordance with producer the writer do
   some simulation by Vensim, in order to provide the reference of producer
   inventory management's practice.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE inventory control model; producer; supply chain; system dynamics

---

UT 926
AR Zhang M/5, 2017, J LOSS PREV PROCESS IND, V50, P101, DOI
   10.1016/j.jlp.2017.09.005
TI A system dynamics model for risk perception of lay people in communication
   regarding risk of chemical incident
AU Zhang M/5; Wang X/1; Mannan MS; Qian C; Wang J/6
TC 25
SO J LOSS PREV PROCESS IND
PY 2017
AB Risk perception plays an important role in risk communication and chemical
   incident prevention when engaging with different groups of people.  Risk
   perception of lay people emphasizes the individual experience of intuitive
   judgment and subjective cognition.  To study the mechanism of this process
   on chemical incidents, three causality feedback loops were achieved by
   analyzing previous studies on this mental process; meanwhile, system
   dynamics models were constructed.  Detailed causal trees of the key state
   variables (risk perception, risk perspective, risk response, and risk
   communication) were illustrated and applied to a quantitative simulation
   using Vensim software.  The simulation results reflect the dynamic process
   of risk perception of lay people, and specific curves of the key state
   variables were explained to support the rationality of the models.  A
   sensitivity analysis among the state variables and some auxiliary variables
   were implemented to identify their internal relationships.  The proposed
   methodology quantifies the diversification of psychological activities of
   risk perception through the simulated data and images, and offers a tool to
   optimize risk management and the emergency rescue of lay people at risk of a
   chemical incident.  © 2017 Elsevier Ltd
DE chemical incident; lay people; risk communication; risk perception; system
   dynamics model
ID behavioral research; chemical analysis; computer software; risk management;
   sensitivity analysis; system theory; auxiliary variables; chemical
   incidents; internal relationships; lay peoples; quantitative simulation;
   risk communication; system dynamics model; vensim softwares; risk perception

---

UT 927
AR Gu Q, 2016, JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG, V22, P2469, DOI
   10.13196/j.cims.2016.10.022
TI Management strategy of inspection error rate in reverse supply chain of
   remanufacturing
AU Gu Q; Gao T
TC 7
SO JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG
PY 2016
AB In reverse supply chain of remanufacturing, four activities of collecting,
   inspecting, disassembling and remanufacturing were needed by used-product's
   remanufacturing respectively.  Based on the reverse supply chain which
   included the collector and the remanufacturer, the impacts of inspection
   error rates (a and b) on inventories and profits of the supply chain members
   and the market satisfied-ratio were researched by considering the case that
   the collector was responsible for inspecting.  By using software of system
   dynamics Vensim 5.10, a system dynamics model of reverse supply chain of
   remanufacturing with inspection error rates was built, and the numerical
   simulation were presented.  The simulation results showed that the
   remanufacturer's profit and the collector's profit were increased along with
   the decreases of inspection error rate b; the remanufacturer's profit was
   increased and the collector's profit was decreased along with the decreases
   of inspection error rate a.  By adjusting the management strategy of
   inspection error rate a, all of the remanufacture's profit and the
   collector's profit were increased when the inspection error rate a was
   decreased.  At the same time, the reasonable ranges of reducing inspection
   error rates were given.  © 2016, Editorial Department of CIMS. All right
   reserved.
DE inspection error rate; remanufacturing; reverse supply chain; system
   dynamics
ID computer software; errors; profitability; supply chains; system theory;
   inspection errors; management strategies; remanufacturer; remanufacturing;
   reverse supply chains; system dynamics; system dynamics model; used product;
   inspection

---

UT 928
AR Yang H/1, 2016, INT CONF LOGIST INFORMATICS SERV SCI LISS, DOI
   10.1109/LISS.2016.7854341
TI Study on efficiency of supply chain based on single revenue sharing contract
   and double contracts combination
AU Yang H/1; Du J
TC 5
SO INT CONF LOGIST INFORMATICS SERV SCI LISS
PY 2016
AB Supply chain contract plays an important role in the coordination of members
   of supply chain.  The existing application of supply chain contracts is
   mainly based on a single contract, which exist some limitations.  From the
   point of combination of supply chain contracts, we establish two models
   based on system dynamics, one is revenue sharing contract model and the
   other is the combination model consisting of quantity discount contract and
   revenue sharing contract.  Then, we use Vensim to simulate.  The results
   show that the combination model is more conducive to the overall efficiency
   of the supply chain.  This paper provides a new way for the study on supply
   chain coordination.  © 2016 IEEE
DE combination model; quantity-discount contract; revenue sharing contract;
   system dynamics
ID efficiency; combination models; overall efficiency; quantity-discount
   contract; revenue sharing contracts; single contract; supply chain
   contracts; supply chain coordination; system dynamics; supply chains

---

UT 929
AR Kukartsev VV/1, 2020, J PHYS CONF SER, V1582, DOI
   10.1088/1742-6596/1582/1/012052
TI Simulation-dynamic model of working time costs calculation for performance
   of operations on CNC machines
AU Kukartsev VV/1; Boyko AA; Mikhalev AS; Tynchenko VS; Rukosueva AA;
   Korpacheva LN
TC 3
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2020
AB This article presents a simulation-dynamic model for determining the time
   spent on machining operations on machines with a numerical control (CNC).
   The model is developed on the basis of the system dynamics method using
   Powersim Studio tools.  In the shown model, the calculations of the
   probabilistic deviation of the actual time of technological operations on
   CNC machines from the technically sound time norm were carried out on the
   basis of the Gaussian normal distribution law.  The model was used as a tool
   to study the probabilistic distribution of time for equipment retooling and
   to perform technological operations on HAAS SL-20 CNC machines.  The study
   allows us to conclude that the constructed simulation dynamic model is quite
   universal and, on its basis, it is possible to carry out a variety of
   studies concerning various aspects of the technical substantiation of the
   time norms for performing machining operations on CNC machines.  © Published
   under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID dynamic models; industrial research; machining centers; manufacture; normal
   distribution; gaussian normal distribution; machining operations; numerical
   control; on-machines; probabilistic distribution; system dynamics;
   technological operations; working time; computer control systems

---

UT 930
AR Shen D, 2014, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V435 PART II, P539, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-319-07854-0_94
TI Research on Internal Dynamic in Interactive Development among Airport-Based
   Comprehensive Bonded Zones
AU Shen D
TC 1
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2014
AB The intention of this paper is to investigate the interactive development
   among Free Trade Zones (FTZs). We take the ACBZs as an example type of FTZs.
   We adopt the System Dynamics Method to analyze the interactive development
   dynamic of ACBZs by using Vensim.  We find that the increasing demand on
   efficiency of trading and producing are the two types of intrinsic
   motivation in the interaction.  We also discuss the possible models from
   port, industry and customs aspects.  The analyzing on causal relationship
   between each index, and drawing causal loop diagrams, and the establishing
   of flow diagram mode give a practicable study way on this kind of
   interactive development.  © Springer International Publishing Switzerland
   2014.
DE airport-based comprehensive bonded zone ( acbz ); ftz; interactive
   development model; internal dynamic; systematic analysis
ID computer science; computers; airport-based comprehensive bonded zone ( acbz
   ); ftz; interactive development; internal dynamics; systematic analysis;
   commerce

---

UT 931
AR Song YG, 2015, J KOREAN ACAD NURS, V45, P280, DOI 10.4040/jkan.2015.45.2.280
TI Model for unplanned self extubation of ICU patients using system dynamics
   approach
AU Song YG; Yun EK
TC 3
SO J KOREAN ACAD NURS
PY 2015
AB Purpose: In this study a system dynamics methodology was used to identify
   correlation and nonlinear feedback structure among factors affecting
   unplanned extubation (UE) of ICU patients and to construct and verify a
   simulation model.  Methods: Factors affecting UE were identified through a
   theoretical background established by reviewing literature and preceding
   studies and referencing various statistical data.  Related variables were
   decided through verification of content validity by an expert group.  A
   causal loop diagram (CLD) was made based on the variables.  Stock & Flow
   modeling using Vensim PLE Plus Version 6.0b was performed to establish a
   model for UE. Results: Based on the literature review and expert
   verification, 18 variables associated with UE were identified and CLD was
   prepared.  From the prepared CLD, a model was developed by converting to the
   Stock & Flow Diagram.  Results of the simulation showed that patient stress,
   patient in an agitated state, restraint application, patient movability, and
   individual intensive nursing were variables giving the greatest effect to UE
   probability.  To verify agreement of the UE model with real situations,
   simulation with 5 cases was performed.  Equation check and sensitivity
   analysis on TIME STEP were executed to validate model integrity.
   Conclusion: Results show that identification of a proper model enables
   prediction of UE probability.  This prediction allows for adjustment of
   related factors, and provides basic data do develop nursing interventions to
   decrease UE. © 2015 Korean Society of Nursing Science.
DE airway extubation; intensive care units; nonlinear dynamics
ID adult; airway extubation; female; humans; intensive care units; intubation
   intratracheal; male; middle aged; models theoretical; nonlinear dynamics;
   risk factors; adult; endotracheal intubation; extubation; female; human;
   intensive care unit; male; middle aged; nonlinear system; psychology; risk
   factor; theoretical model

---

UT 932
AR Wei L/1, 2016, XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO, V28, P3054, DOI
   10.16182/j.issn1004731x.joss.201612025
TI Modeling and simulation of boiler superheated steam temperature system based
   on system dynamics
AU Wei L/1; Yan Y
TC 3
SO XITONG FANGZHEN XUEBAO
PY 2016
AB Based on the principle of system dynamics, from the perspective of mass and
   energy conservation, taking the causal loop diagrams and the stock and flow
   diagrams as the carriers, and starting from the running mechanism of the
   system, the system dynamics model for the boiler superheated steam
   temperature system was established.  This model has clear structure and
   reasonable complexity.  By using the high temperature super-heater of the
   300 MW boiler-turbine unit of Hebei Qingyuan Power Plant as the research
   object, simulation studies were carried out in Vensim PLE environment.  The
   simulation curves were compared with the curves of the actual production
   data and the traditional model, whose data was identified by using the
   particle swarm algorithm.  The results of the comparisons verify the
   effectiveness and rationality of the established model.  © 2016, The
   Editorial Board of Journal of System Simulation.  All right reserved.
DE causal loop diagram; modeling; stock flow diagram; superheated steam
   temperature; system dynamics

---

UT 933
AR Yang B, 2019, J COAST RES, V94, P891, DOI 10.2112/SI94-176.1
TI Dynamics Model and Simulation of Core Competence of Maritime Logistics
   Enterprises for Service Innovation
AU Yang B; Xie L
TC 2
SO J COAST RES
PY 2019
AB The changes in the maritime service market have brought unprecedented
   challenges to maritime service enterprises.  This paper uses the method of
   system dynamics to study the causal relationship of the core competence of
   maritime logistics enterprises from the perspective of service innovation by
   analyzing its influencing factors and evolution process, thus constructs the
   system dynamics model of the evolution of core competence of maritime
   logistics enterprises, and then uses Vensim PLE to simulate the model.
   Through the verification and analysis of the validity and sensitivity of the
   simulation model, it shows that the model can fit the evolution process of
   the core competence of the maritime logistics enterprise, reveal the process
   and mechanism of it, and provide management strategy for the competence's
   upgrading.  So it can improve the overall efficiency of maritime logistics
   enterprises, guide them to take competitive advantages in the fast and
   changing market.  The construction and operation of computer simulation
   model provides an effective research method and way for the evolution of
   core competence of maritime logistics enterprises.  © Coastal Education and
   Research Foundation, Inc.  2019.
DE core competence of maritime logistics enterprises; service innovation;
   system dynamics model; vensim simulation
ID computer simulation; industrial enterprise; innovation; logistics; maritime
   trade; market system; model validation; research method; service sector

---

UT 934
AR Yan W-Y, 2016, PROCEDIA ENG, V135, P431, DOI 10.1016/j.proeng.2016.01.152
TI Subway Fire Cause Analysis Model Based on System Dynamics: A Preliminary
   Model Framework
AU Yan W-Y; Wang J-H; Jiang J-C
TC 32
SO PROCEDIA ENG
PY 2016
AB This paper collects typical major subway fire cases in nearly 20 years.
   Through analysis of these cases, the causes of the fire accidents are summed
   up.  And further the influence factors of these reasons are extracted,
   including four aspects namely equipment, human, environment and emergency
   management.  On this basis, combined with the relevant principles of system
   dynamics, the influence of various factors on the happening, spreading and
   controlling of subway fires are considered.  Then, a simulation model of
   subway fire accident rate is constructed by Vensim.  The equations of
   relevant variables and parameters of the system are given preliminarily.  ©
   2016 The Authors.
DE case analysis; model; subway fire; system dynamics
ID accidents; fire extinguishers; fires; models; railroads; risk management;
   system theory; analysis models; case analysis; emergency management; fire
   accident; preliminary model; simulation model; subway fire; system dynamics;
   fire protection

---

UT 935
AR Belhajali I, 2013, INT CONF ADV LOGIST TRANSP ICALT, P488, DOI
   10.1109/ICAdLT.2013.6568507
TI System dynamics simulation to determine safety stock for a single-stage
   inventory system
AU Belhajali I; Hachicha W
TC 6
SO INT CONF ADV LOGIST TRANSP ICALT
PY 2013
AB In this paper, a single-stage inventory system, which analytical method
   results exist in previous literature is considered.  This case is one of an
   adaptive base-stock policy for a single-item inventory system, where the
   demand process is no-stationary.  The demand process is modeled as an
   integrated moving average process for which an exponential-weighted moving
   average provides the optimal forecast.  The case study objective is about
   how characterize the required inventory and how identify the safety stock
   requirements.  For this purpose, a system dynamics approach is developed
   through a flow diagram model and simulated using Vensim® software.  The
   results of the comparative study show that system dynamics approach is very
   useful.  The system dynamics models can provide increased comprehension of,
   and improved insight into, the performance of an inventory system.  The
   extension of system dynamics seems very interesting for the analysis of
   complex supply chain problems.  In fact, analytical methods are perceived to
   be unhelpful by management or may require oversimplification.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE comparative study; flow diagram; inventory system; safety stock; simulation;
   system dynamics
ID computer simulation; flowcharting; supply chains; system theory; comparative
   studies; flow diagram; inventory systems; safety stock; simulation; system
   dynamics; inventory control

---

UT 936
AR Wu D/2, 2017, INT J TELEMED APPL, V2017, DOI 10.1155/2017/1503298
TI Research on optimization of pooling system and its application in drug
   supply chain based on big data analysis
AU Wu D/2; Mao H
TC 8
SO INT J TELEMED APPL
PY 2017
AB Reform of drug procurement is being extensively implemented and expanded in
   China, especially in today's big data environment.  However, the pattern of
   supply mode innovation lags behind procurement improvement.  Problems in
   financial strain and supply break frequently occur, which affect the
   stability of drug supply.  Drug Pooling System is proposed and applied in a
   few pilot cities to resolve these problems.  From the perspective of supply
   chain, this study analyzes the process of setting important parameters and
   sets out the tasks of involved parties in a pooling system according to the
   issues identified in the pilot run.  The approach is based on big data
   analysis and simulation using system dynamic theory and modeling of Vensim
   software to optimize system performance.  This study proposes a theoretical
   framework to resolve problems and attempts to provide a valuable reference
   for future application of pooling systems.  © 2017 DengFeng Wu and Hongyi
   Mao.
ID computer software; data handling; information analysis; supply chains;
   analysis and simulation; data environment; future applications; its
   applications; supply modes; system dynamics; theoretical framework; vensim
   softwares; article; conceptual framework; data analysis; drug manufacture;
   information system; process optimization; purchasing; simulation; software;
   big data

---

UT 937
AR Cheng X, 2019, "MIN SAF ENV PROT", V46, P124
TI Simulation Analysis of Coal Mine Input Management based on System Dynamics;
   [基于系统动力学的煤矿投入管理仿真分析]
AU Cheng X; Cui F; Chen J; Yang G; Chang B
TC 0
SO "MIN SAF ENV PROT"
PY 2019
AB In order to accurately predict the stability movement trend of the healthy
   development system of Kuangou Coal Mine, 20 factors affecting the stability
   of the system were analyzed comprehensively and divided into 5 subsystems.
   The simulation model (SD model) was established by using the principle of
   system dynamics and Vensim software.  Firstly, the interaction relationship
   between each influence factor and its feedback relationship with the
   subsystem were analyzed, and the causal loop diagram and the stock flow
   diagram were drawn; secondly, the influence factors and the weight of
   subsystems were analyzed by priority map method (PC), and the parameters of
   SD model were determined based on the security level evaluation criteria and
   expert scores; finally, Vensim software was used to simulate and predict
   impact factors and subsystems under different input schemes, and the main
   influence factor of each subsystem, as well as the key subsystem that
   determined the stability of the healthy development system of coal mine were
   obtained, and the optimal input scheme was determined.  The analysis results
   show that in order to improve the stability of the mine health development
   system, Kuangou Coal Mine needs to increase the investment in four aspects:
   system management capabilities, investment in advanced equipment,
   introduction of scientific and technological talents and safety education
   and training, and focus on scientific research investment.  © The Author(s)
   2019.
DE coal mine; healthy development; investment management; sd model; system
   dynamics; system stability

---

UT 938
AR Zhou F/1, 2019, JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG, V25, P508, DOI
   10.13196/j.cims.2019.02.024
TI Economy of quality for Chinese domestic automotive products based on systems
   dynamics simulation; [基于系统动力学仿真的国产汽车质量经济性研究]
AU Zhou F/1; Wang X/8; Ye Z; Lin Y; He Y
TC 1
SO JISUANJI JICHENG ZHIZAO XITONG
PY 2019
AB To study the quality of economics of automobile parts and domestic vehicles
   from total lifecycle perspective, a system dynamic model based on the
   quality generation of automobile and continuous quality improvement
   procedure was established.  In light of the Two Dimensional Quality Related
   Cost (2D-QRC), the Prevention-Appraisal-Failure(PAF) cost and lifecycle cost
   were highlighted to describe the economy of auto products.  The maintenance
   frequency per thousand vehicles (R/1000@3MIS) and customer complaints per
   thousand vehicles (TGW/1000@3MIS) indexes were employed to reflect the
   quality level of key parts and automobile products.  To evaluate the quality
   of economics of automobile product, Vensim PLE was applied to simulate the
   constructed system dynamics model, which could derive the variation trend of
   key indicators in different quality investment portfolios of specific
   quality activities.  The simulation results showed that the quality
   investment could improve the performance of quality of economic indicators,
   especially by quality improvement of key parts and supplier management, and
   there existed the obvious discrepancy of improvement performance among
   different quality activities and improvement strategies.  The domestic
   automotive industry could improve the quality of economics of their products
   with key outsourcing parts enhancement, which would provide theoretical
   support and practical reference to the future research on strategic quality
   improvement plan establishment.  © 2019, Editorial Department of CIMS. All
   right reserved.
DE domestic automobile; quality of economics; r/1000@3mis; simulation; systems
   dynamics; tgw/1000@3mis
ID automobiles; automotive industry; investments; life cycle; continuous
   quality improvement; improvement strategies; quality improvement plans;
   r/1000@3mis; simulation; system dynamic models; systems dynamics;
   tgw/1000@3mis; economics

---

UT 939
AR Ma Y/2, 2013, J SOFTW, V8, P1194, DOI 10.4304/jsw.8.5.1194-1200
TI On the system dynamics of the logistic risk of marketing channels
AU Ma Y/2; Feng F
TC 0
SO J SOFTW
PY 2013
AB Logistics runs through the entire process of an enterprise's production and
   management.  Logistics, as an enterprise's "the third profit source", is an
   effective management tools for companies to obtain and maintain a
   competitive advantage, the management of logistics risk of marketing
   channels is a critical part of the risk management of channels.  The paper
   introduces the logistics risk types, and from the systematic view, analyses
   the connotation of the logistics system of marketing channels, and factors
   influencing the logistics risk of marketing channels are indicated.  On this
   base, a systematic dynamics model for the logistics risk of marketing
   channels is constructed, and the simulated results is obtained by Vensim
   PLE. The results show that it is essential for logistics risk management in
   marketing channel to control suppliers', manufacturers' and distributors'
   own possible risks and decrease the outflow rate.  © 2013 ACADEMY PUBLISHER.
DE logistic risk; marketing channels; ystem dynamics
ID commerce; competition; computer simulation; industry; logistics;
   profitability; risk management; competitive advantage; critical parts;
   dynamics models; effective management; logistics system; marketing channels;
   simulated results; system dynamics; marketing

---

UT 940
AR Zhang L/7, 2015, ZHONGNAN DAXUE XUEBAO (ZIRAN KEXUE BAN), V46, P1527, DOI
   10.11817/j.issn.1672-7207.2015.04.046
TI Analysis on reduction benefits of substituting electricity for coal based on
   system dynamics
AU Zhang L/7; Xiong J; Yu X
TC 7
SO ZHONGNAN DAXUE XUEBAO (ZIRAN KEXUE BAN)
PY 2015
AB Constructing reduction benefit analysis model of electricity in place of
   coal on the system level, a theoretical basis was provided to verify the
   emission reduction of implementation of electricity instead of coal.  Using
   vensim as modeling platform, using the relationship between energy
   consumption, economic development and environmental emissions as link, model
   diagram of reduction benefit of electricity in place of coal was
   established.  The reduction effect of electricity in the case of a certain
   control of total coal consumption was calculated, and a quantitative basis
   for developing the policy related to electricity instead of coal was
   provided.  The results show that the implementation of electricity instead
   of coal really reduces emission of industrial sulfur dioxide.  By adjusting
   the proportion of power coal consumption, the proportion of electricity
   consumption, the proportion of thermal power and the thermal power coal
   consumption rate, emission of industrial sulfur dioxide are effectively
   reduced.  When the consumption of power coal increases by 20%, the emission
   of industrial sulfur dioxide is reduced by 11%, while the proportion of
   electricity consumption increases by 20%, the emission of industrial sulfur
   dioxide is reduced by 18%.Within a certain range, reducing the thermal power
   coal consumption rate can also reduce the emission of industrial sulfur
   dioxide.  ©, 2015, Central South University of Technology.  All right
   reserved.
DE electricity in place of coal; emission reduction benefits; simulation;
   system dynamic
ID coal; electric power utilization; emission control; energy utilization;
   sulfur dioxide; benefit analysis; coal consumption rate; electricity-
   consumption; emission reduction; environmental emissions; reduction effects;
   simulation; system dynamics; coal industry

---

UT 941
AR Mona S, 2020, PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
TI A system dynamics approach for reduction of defects in automotive
   manufacturing industry
AU Mona S
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF IND ENG OPER MANAG
PY 2020
AB The automotive industry is one of the biggest manufacturing sectors and
   represents an increasingly important strategic and catalytic role in the
   overall economy.  It impacts directly on many important aspects, such as
   contribution to gross domestic product (GDP), employment, skills
   development, economic linkages, technology and innovation, and making
   significant contributions through taxes, and substantial foreign direct
   investment.  Yet, defects are a manufacturing reality influencing this
   industry.  The purpose of this paper is to show how the system dynamics
   methodology can be applied to reduce defects in the automotive manufacturing
   industry.  System dynamics may improve understanding of manufacturing
   processes, as quality tools do not always allow the user to study and
   understand feedback from other factors, such as soft human issues, in the
   improvement of processes.  Systems dynamics models are created from five
   stages: problem articulation, formulation of a dynamic hypothesis,
   formulation of a simulation model, testing of the model, and policy design
   and evaluation.  The five steps of system dynamics modeling process are
   discussed into details and a causal loop diagram is developed using Stella
   software version 9.1.4. The study showed that system dynamics tools can be
   useful in capturing and understanding the dynamic complexity of defect
   creation and reduction process in automotive manufacturing industry.  © IEOM
   Society International.
DE automotive manufacturing; defect reduction; modeling process; system
   dynamics

---

UT 942
AR Li CZ, 2017, J CLEAN PROD, V153, P692, DOI 10.1016/j.jclepro.2016.11.028
TI Schedule risk modeling in prefabrication housing production
AU Li CZ; Shen GQ; Xue F; Luo L; Xu X/2; Sommer L
TC 85
SO J CLEAN PROD
PY 2017
AB Every country is dealing with its own housing problems; however, none
   compares with Hong Kong where housing has always been a major concern as a
   result of low supply over the past decades.  Against the constraints in
   delivering sufficient houses, prefabrication as a sustainable solution for
   housing has been increasingly advocated for its potential merits of better
   quality, construction safety and cleaner built environment.  However,
   schedule delay caused by various risks affected the prefabrication housing
   production (PHP) in Hong Kong.  This problem can be further worsened when
   the manufacturing sector of PHP has entirely moved to offshore areas in the
   Pearl River Delta region.  This study applies system dynamics to recognize
   and investigate the potential effect of various risks on the scheduling of
   prefabrication housing construction projects through the employment of
   Vensim software package.  The simulation results show that schedule risks,
   namely low information interoperability between different enterprise
   resource planning systems (LIIBDERPS), logistics information inconsistency
   due to human errors probability (LIIHEP), Delay of delivery of precast
   element to site (DDPES), and Design information gap between designer and
   manufacturer (DIGDM) significantly contribute to the schedule delay in PHP.
   However, schedule is more sensitive toward LIIBDERPS than for the other
   three risks, indicating that LIIBDERPS should be monitored and given
   priority.  The system dynamic model serves as an effective tool for
   quantitatively evaluating the effect of various risks on the schedule of
   PHP, offering valuable references for managers though comparing simulation
   results under different risk scenarios, so that potential risks that might
   lead to schedule delay could be identified and handled in advance.  © 2016
   Elsevier Ltd
DE hong-kong; prefabrication housing production; schedule risk management;
   system dynamcis
ID enterprise resource planning; housing; interoperability; manufacture; risk
   management; risk perception; enterprise resource planning systems; hong-
   kong; housing production; information interoperability; logistics
   information; pearl river delta region; system dynamcis; system dynamic
   models; risks

---

UT 943
AR Ackerman D, 2016, PROC SPRING SIMUL MULTICONFERENCE - TMS/DEVS SYMP THEORY
   MODEL SIMUL TMS/DEVS
TI Modeling human behavior to anticipate insider attacks via system dynamics
AU Ackerman D; Mehrpouyan H
TC 9
SO PROC SPRING SIMUL MULTICONFERENCE - TMS/DEVS SYMP THEORY MODEL SIMUL
   TMS/DEVS
PY 2016
AB The problem of insider threats to computer networks overseen by the
   company's Information Technologies (IT) department is complex and involves
   many variables; the most complex variable presented is human behavior.  In
   an operational context many fields of study come into play, the security
   analyst's job is to interpret the data and draw conclusions of a possible
   malicious threat.  Patterns are to be perceived and recognized within the
   relevant data.  Forensic software and a number of other analyst tools are
   used to determine suspicious activities within and outside the network.
   After suspicious activities are revealed alerts must be sent out to induce
   action to prevent attacks.  The goal of this paper is to predict an inside
   attack derived from behavioral, computer and psycho-social risk factors by
   using the System Dynamics methodology and its relation to solving the
   problem.  A stock-flow diagram is used with Vensim to model the system.  The
   model represents probabilistic human behavior of the attacker and
   deterministic behavior of the system.  © 2016 Society for Modeling &
   Simulation International (SCS).
DE insider attack; modeling human behavior; system dynamics
ID complex networks; system theory; complex variable; deterministic behavior;
   human behaviors; inside attacks; insider attack; insider threat; social
   risks; system dynamics; behavioral research

---

UT 944
AR Zeng W, 2020, CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM, P411
TI Prefabricated building schedule control research based on system dynamics
AU Zeng W
TC 0
SO CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM
PY 2020
AB The development of China's Prefabricated Building market is still in its
   primary stage.  As a result, many advantages of Prefabricated Building
   cannot be fully showed.  To analysis the dynamic relationship between the
   different factors of the Prefabricated Building during the construction
   stage and the schedule control of the project, this paper used the theory of
   SD to do some researches.  These researches mainly included cost of the
   project, quality of the project and project progress.  Factors selected all
   from these three points.  Through the causal loop analysis, the study found
   that the installation work efficiency, difficulty of construction
   management, project to complete the task are the main influence factors of
   project delays.  On this basis, this paper sets up the system dynamics model
   of assembled building construction stage, conducts simulation analysis
   through VENSIM software, and puts forward specific measures to control the
   construction period.  © 8th International Symposium on Project Management,
   ISPM 2020. All rights reserved.
DE prefabricated building; schedule control; system dynamics
ID buildings; computer software; factor analysis; prefabricated construction;
   system theory; building construction; construction management; construction
   period; construction stages; project progress; schedule control; simulation
   analysis; system dynamics model; project management

---

UT 945
AR Chu Y-Y, 2015, PROC - INT CONF INTELL COMPUT TECHNOL AUTOM ICICTA, P760, DOI
   10.1109/ICICTA.2014.184
TI System dynamic analysis on behavior-based safety in an LNG enterprise
AU Chu Y-Y; Huang L-J; Zhang Q-X; Liang D
TC 2
SO PROC - INT CONF INTELL COMPUT TECHNOL AUTOM ICICTA
PY 2015
AB Unsafe behavior of workers is the key cause of accidents in production.
   Behavior-based safety model has been developed to catch all aspects of
   workers' behavior safety to improve the enterprise safety level.  To study
   the complex cause-effect relationship between the safety input and workers'
   behavior safety in the mining enterprise, questionnaire investigations have
   been adopted in the mining enterprise.  And mutual or recursive causality to
   understand the dynamics of behavior safety system has been analyzed by the
   information feedback in the system dynamic simulation, which is in
   accordance with the results of the questionnaires.  Using the system
   dynamics software, Vensim PLE 5.4b, simulation cases about the mining
   enterprise workers' safety behavior system have been made to show the
   process of workers' behavior safety improvement and different factor
   increments.  It is proved that the developing tendency of safety level of
   the mining enterprise can be predicted by system dynamic simulation and
   simulation results can provide support for the making of decisions on safety
   input.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE behavior-based safety; simulation; system dynamic
ID computer software; safety factor; surveys; behavior-based safeties; cause-
   effect relationships; information feedback; mining enterprise; safety
   improvement; simulation; system dynamic simulations; system dynamics;
   occupational risks

---

UT 946
AR Hightower R II, 2012, SIMUL POLIC INQ, P203, DOI
   10.1007/978-1-4614-1665-4_11
TI Iterative storytelling in public policy: A systems thinking approach
AU Hightower R II
TC 0
SO SIMUL POLIC INQ
PY 2012
AB This chapter claims that iterative storytelling is a critical function of
   public policymaking and can provide a systematic mechanism to better
   understand the how and why of public policies.  Further, it is posited that
   if public policy scholars or practitioners can first tell a comprehensive
   story of their research, then they can build an appropriately bounded and
   useful model.  Using system dynamics (SD), the essay argues that the
   “language and the thinking skills” of writing are analogous to the tools
   necessary to build models of complex public policy problems [Richmond, Barry
   (2004) An Introduction to Systems Thinking.  2011 STELLA Software Manual.
   ISEE Systems]. The essay also argues that the critical, sequential tasks for
   addressing complex public policy problems include (1) telling a
   comprehensive initial story, (2) building a model, (3) implementing the
   underlying model, and (4) continually updating the initial story as more
   information becomes available.  The chapter presents public policy stories
   and demonstrates how to convert “policy modeling paragraphs” into SD causal
   loop diagrams and stock-and-flow models suitable for simulation and
   subsequent policy decision making using an international relations story and
   the Infinite Loop Phenomenology concept.  © Springer Science+Business Media,
   LLC 2012. All rights reserved.

---

UT 947
AR Muldianto H, 2020, INT J GEOMATE, V19, P8, DOI 10.21660/2020.72.02271
TI Sustainable water services fee using a system dynamics approach in Jatigede
   reservoir
AU Muldianto H; Andawayanti U; Suhartanto E; Soetopo W
TC 3
SO INT J GEOMATE
PY 2020
AB Reservoir operation and maintenance costs consist of the water service fee
   from the beneficial water users, and the subsidy from the government.
   Sustainable operation and maintenance should keep the government subsidy at
   the minimum level while at the same time considering the willingness to pay
   from the water users.  These two parameters of subsidy and water service fee
   form an interdependent feedback loop in determining operation and
   maintenance costs, that belong to the system dynamics phenomenon.  This
   paper calculates the level of government subsidy and the water services fee
   in order to reach optimal water resources management using a system dynamics
   approach, in the Jatigede multipurpose reservoir in West Java-Indonesia.
   Jatigede Reservoir with a volume of 877 million m3 irrigates almost 90
   thousand hectares of rice field, providing a public water supply of 3.5
   m3/s, and a targeted energy generation of 110 MW. The methodology of using
   the system dynamics approach is starting with the identification of the
   interrelated parameters into a causal loop diagram, conversion into stock
   and flow diagram, and programming using Powersim.  It is concluded that the
   system dynamics approach can reveal the optimal solution, a combination of
   minimum government subsidy and water services fee within the range of
   willingness to pay, that minimize the additional maintenance costs in the
   long term.  © Int.  J. of GEOMATE. All rights reserved.
DE multipurpose reservoir; sustainable management; system dynamics; water
   service fee

---

UT 948
AR Law A, 2012, J SUSTAIN TOUR, V20, P823, DOI 10.1080/09669582.2012.687740
TI Towards a green economy decision support system for tourism destinations
AU Law A; de Lacy T; McGrath GM; Whitelaw PA; Lipman G; Buckley G
TC 35
SO J SUSTAIN TOUR
PY 2012
AB This paper discusses green economy planning in tourism; a process
   characterized by complexity and high levels of uncertainty, where limited
   data availability and the absence of existing frameworks hinder the
   development of targeted and effective strategies.  It presents an approach
   for a decision support system (DSS) to assist destinations address
   challenges and to seize opportunities in this new situation of change.  A
   multidisciplinary approach drawing on the fields of sustainable tourism,
   destination management and system dynamics was applied to identify the
   requirements of such a DSS and to present examples of how it may be
   implemented.  A consultancy study in the destination of Sharm El Sheikh
   (Egypt) was used to develop a holistic model for the requirements of the
   proposed DSS. Based on this model, examples were developed in the software
   program Powersim, to provide an insight into how such a DSS could assist
   destination policymakers, planners and managers with dynamic scenario
   modelling and planning to help understand and manage the drivers of change -
   particularly those drivers that are complex and difficult to quantify such
   as the opportunities presented by green demand.  The proposed DSS is
   intended to be further developed by applying it to new destination case
   studies.  © 2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.
DE decision support system; destination management; green economy; greenhouse
   gas mitigation; system dynamics; tourism destinations
ID egypt; janub sina; sharm el sheik; decision support system; economic
   planning; ecotourism; holistic approach; model test; model validation;
   strategic approach; tourism management; tourist destination

---

UT 949
AR Qiao-Lun G, 2011, INT CONF MANAG SCI ENG - ANNU CONF PROC, P250, DOI
   10.1109/ICMSE.2011.6069972
TI System dynamics analysis of RFID-EPC's impact on reverse supply chain
AU Qiao-Lun G; Tie-Gang G
TC 10
SO INT CONF MANAG SCI ENG - ANNU CONF PROC
PY 2011
AB RFID-EPC plays an important role in Internet of Things which will be the new
   environment of application of the reverse supply chain.  By using RFID-EPC,
   the reverse supply chain under Internet of Things will have some
   characteristics.  In order to analyze the impacts of RFID-EPC on reverse
   supply chain, on the assumption that RFID-EPC can reduce the collection
   uncertainty of the used-products, we present a system dynamics model and
   show the changing of the inventories, the service levels, and the profits.
   By analyzing the simulation results of the reverse supply chain with and
   without RFID-EPC, we can obtain that the service levels and the profits of
   the collector, the disassembly center, and the remanufacturer will increase
   even though their inventories increase when RFID-EPC is used in reverse
   supply chain.  © 2011 IEEE.
DE internet of things; reverse supply chain; rfid-epc; system dynamics; vensim
   510
ID internet; management science; profitability; system theory; uncertainty
   analysis; internet of things; reverse supply chains; rfid-epc; service
   levels; system dynamics; system dynamics model; supply chains

---

UT 950
AR Woo T-H/1, 2012, ENERGY SOURCES RECOVER UTIL ENV EFF, V34, P948, DOI
   10.1080/15567031003735311
TI A dynamical study for earthquakes of seismic safety assessment in nuclear
   power plants (NPPs) using the system dynamics (SD) method
AU Woo T-H/1; Lee S-H
TC 6
SO ENERGY SOURCES RECOVER UTIL ENV EFF
PY 2012
AB An earthquake could be a crucial result of nuclear power plants due to the
   massive power.  It is a main point to keep the stability of the system
   without a radiation material leak from the reactor.  For the safety
   assessment, the system dynamics predict for the random sampling
   quantification of an earthquake happening due to unexpected characteristics,
   which is one of the non-linear algorithms.  The dynamical information is
   incorporated with the loop sequence of the time step procedures by the
   feedback simulations.  The plant system factor is the highest value among
   three factors including estimation and earthquake factors.  In the
   estimation factor, there is the highest value in 2012. In the earthquake
   factor, there is the highest value in 2028. The maximum value of summation
   for three factors is in the year 2030, which has the value of 20.52 times (=
   389.85/19.00) higher than the initial value and highest than any other
   value.  The tractable quantification for the safety assessment is obtained
   by a computer package.  © 2012 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.
DE earthquake; feedback; nuclear power plants; safety assessment; simulation;
   system dynamics; thermo-hydraulic aspect; vensim
ID feedback; nuclear energy; nuclear power plants; safety engineering; system
   theory; safety assessment; simulation; system dynamics; thermo-hydraulic;
   vensim; earthquakes

---

UT 951
AR Woo TH/1, 2012, J ENERGY INST, V85, P7, DOI 10.1179/174396711X13116932752236
TI Dynamical risk assessment of electricity generation increasing in nuclear
   power plants
AU Woo TH/1; Kim YI
TC 1
SO J ENERGY INST
PY 2012
AB Event characteristics of nuclear power plants have been quantified in the
   aspect of feedback and accumulation for the sustainability of energy.  The
   complex and difficult manipulations of the power uprate in nuclear power
   plants for electricity generation increasing are modelled using the system
   dynamics method, which is processed by the feedback and accumulation
   algorithms.  Safety as well as economic importance is the key point of the
   study.  A newly introduced plausible value is used in order to quantify the
   basic event of the scenario.  Two kinds of considerations, i.e.  neutronics
   and thermohydraulics properties, are organised.  Therefore, the result can
   improve the stability of the operations after the power has been decided
   upon.  The maximum value of risk is 140.5 in 2070 and the minimum value is
   1.0 in 2010. Therefore, the risk of the power uprate increases 140.5 times
   higher than the initial value in this study.  © 2012 Energy Institute.
DE nuclear power plants; power uprate; sustainability; system dynamics; vensim
ID electric generators; nuclear power plants; sustainable development; system
   theory; economic importance; electricity generation; initial values;
   keypoints; maximum values; minimum value; neutronics; power uprates; system
   dynamics; thermohydraulics; vensim; risk assessment

---

UT 952
AR Maqsoom A, 2019, ENV ENG MANAG J, V18, P2363, DOI 10.30638/eemj.2019.225
TI A system dynamics-based economic performance simulation of construction
   waste reduction management: Effective application of prefabrication
AU Maqsoom A; Hashmi AAQ; Zeeshan M; Arshad Q; Nawaz A; Zeeshan BUA; Salahuddin
   H
TC 10
SO ENV ENG MANAG J
PY 2019
AB Cost effective management of construction and demolition waste (C&DW) has
   become a serious issue with increased construction activity and modern urban
   lifestyle which is damaging environment, eating up resources and causing
   rapid land use changes.  These factors have influenced the construction
   industry significantly and therefore gained the practitioners’ attention in
   recent past.  New strategies of C&DW reduction management are being devised
   and reported; this research aims at providing a better C&DW management
   technique which will benefit the construction industry in terms of waste
   reduction and consequent cost-benefit.  The main focus of this research is
   restrained to prefabrication of construction material and its effects on
   economy of tall buildings.  The data collected from traditional methods for
   CDW management and prefabrication factories is based on interviewed surveys
   from project managers, quantity surveyors and experienced site managers.
   The collected data is then processed into System dynamics using “VENSIM PLE”
   by creating causal relationships with dependent and independent variables.
   Economic theory in contrast with conventional and prefabrication methods of
   construction has been incorporated in this study.  Results show that usage
   of prefabrication technique proves to be more economical in managing C&DW.
   Construction waste management through prefabrication technique shows a
   reduction of cost around 79% as compared to that in construction through
   conventional methods.  This suggests that prefabrication technique can
   considerably reduce C&DW as well as costs for its management accordingly.  ©
   2019 Gheorghe Asachi Technical University of Iasi, Romania.  All rights
   reserved.
DE construction and demolition waste; economic performance; prefabrication;
   recycling; system dynamics

---

UT 953
AR Ding Z, 2016, WASTE MANAG, V51, P130, DOI 10.1016/j.wasman.2016.03.001
TI A system dynamics-based environmental performance simulation of construction
   waste reduction management in China
AU Ding Z; Yi G; Tam VWY/1; Huang T/1
TC 239
SO WASTE MANAG
PY 2016
AB A huge amount of construction waste has been generated from increasingly
   higher number of construction activities than in the past, which has
   significant negative impacts on the environment if they are not properly
   managed.  Therefore, effective construction waste management is of primary
   importance for future sustainable development.  Based on the theory of
   planned behaviors, this paper develops a system dynamic model of
   construction waste reduction management at the construction phase to
   simulate the environmental benefits of construction waste reduction
   management.  The application of the proposed model is shown using a case
   study in Shenzhen, China.  Vensim is applied to simulate and analyze the
   model.  The simulation results indicate that source reduction is an
   effective waste reduction measure which can reduce 27.05% of the total waste
   generation.  Sorting behaviors are a premise for improving the construction
   waste recycling and reuse rates which account for 15.49% of the total waste
   generated.  The environmental benefits of source reduction outweigh those of
   sorting behaviors.  Therefore, to achieve better environmental performance
   of the construction waste reduction management, attention should be paid to
   source reduction such as low waste technologies and on-site management
   performance.  In the meantime, sorting behaviors encouragement such as
   improving stakeholders' waste awareness, refining regulations, strengthening
   government supervision and controlling illegal dumping should be emphasized.
   © 2016 Elsevier Ltd.
DE construction waste reduction management; system dynamics; theory of planned
   behaviors
ID china; computer simulation; construction materials; industrial waste; models
   theoretical; recycling; waste management; china; guangdong; shenzhen;
   construction industry; environmental management; environmental technology;
   sustainable development; system theory; industrial waste; construction
   activities; construction waste managements; construction wastes;
   environmental benefits; environmental performance; system dynamic models;
   system dynamics; theory of planned behavior; computer simulation;
   construction; numerical model; recycling; sustainable development; waste
   management; article; building material; china; construction waste reduction
   management; construction work; dynamics; environmental impact; government;
   priority journal; recycling; sensitivity analysis; simulation; waste
   management; analysis; computer simulation; industrial waste; procedures;
   theoretical model; waste management; waste management

---

UT 954
AR Voinov A, 2018, ENCYCL ECOL, P58, DOI 10.1016/B978-0-12-409548-9.11143-1
TI Conceptual diagrams and flow diagrams
AU Voinov A
TC 2
SO ENCYCL ECOL
PY 2018
AB Diagrams are probably the next most widely used type of models after mental
   and verbal models.  Intuitively when presenting a model we tend to start
   drawing diagrams to explain the assumptions and simplifications made.  With
   the advent of new software tools it becomes easier to use the computer to
   design these conceptual diagrams, especially since these software packages
   in many cases can convert the diagrams into computer code and generate
   numerical models for further analysis.  Most of the systems dynamics
   software (such as Stella, Madonna, Powersim, Simile and others) can be
   readily used to put together conceptual models and flow diagrams.  More
   advanced tools are based on the UML (Unified Modeling Language) approach and
   can generate computer code in Java, PHP, C++, Python, and other languages.
   © 2019 Elsevier B.V.
DE cognitive maps; conceptual model; mental model; qualitative modeling; space;
   structure; time

---

UT 955
AR Hui-Qin Z, 2017, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, VPart F130952, P62, DOI
   10.1145/3133811.3133816
TI System dynamic model of high technology enterprise innovation from the
   perspective of multi-source structural embedding-for example to electronic
   and communication equipment manufacturing enterprises
AU Hui-Qin Z; Jin-Chun W; Yang-Yang O
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2017
AB The ascension path of technology innovation ability in high technology
   enterprise is a dynamic and complex system.  From the perspective of system
   dynamics, combining the theory of structural embeddedness, we built a causal
   relation model of high technology enterprise's technology innovation system,
   to reveal the interaction of the various factors in system; For example to
   electronic and communication equipment manufacturing enterprises, we
   established system dynamic model of enterprise innovation, and conducted
   simulation and applied research on the model by Vensim.  Through simulation
   experiment, we analyzed the change of invention patent number under
   different resource allocation scheme, to reveal how structural embeddedness
   of innovation systems effect the ascension path of technology innovation
   ability in high technology enterprise, in order to provide decision support
   for ascension of technology innovation ability in high technology
   enterprise.  © 2017 Association for Computing Machinery.
DE decision support; high-technology enterprises; system dynamics; technical
   innovation
ID decision support systems; dynamic models; industrial research; innovation;
   manufacture; patents and inventions; system theory; communication
   equipments; decision supports; high-technology enterprise; resource
   allocation schemes; system dynamic models; system dynamics; technical
   innovation; technology innovation; engineering research

---

UT 956
AR She L, 2016, ICCREM BIM APPL OFFSITE CONSTR - PROC INT CONF CONSTR REAL
   ESTATE MANAG, P481, DOI 10.1061/9780784480274.057
TI Management Mode of Project Material Cost Based on the Model of Causality
   Relation Feedback Loop
AU She L; Wang L/9
TC 0
SO ICCREM BIM APPL OFFSITE CONSTR - PROC INT CONF CONSTR REAL ESTATE MANAG
PY 2016
AB In order to reduce the engineering cost and improve the economic benefit, it
   is very important to strengthen the management of engineering material cost.
   Material cost management is a system which includes many process.  But most
   researchers concentrate on a single stage or multistage combination
   research.  Few of them do research from the angle of the whole producing
   process of material cost.  This paper uses experiential method of new eco-
   sociology, pattern-causality relation feedback loop, to analyze the project
   material cost management.  A management behavior model of project material
   cost is built by the system dynamics software Vensim PLE. Based on Causes
   Tree, the root cause of the changes in the material cost is the management
   mode.  It is benefit for reducing the project material cost to establish a
   new management mode of project material cost by using the management
   experience of enterprise internal control.  © 2017 American Society of Civil
   Engineers.
ID apartment houses; architectural design; cost reduction; costs; feedback;
   office buildings; economic benefits; engineering costs; engineering
   materials; feedback loop; internal controls; management behavior; management
   modes; system dynamics; cost engineering

---

UT 957
AR Li B-X, 2012, ZIDONGHUA XUEBAO ACTA AUTO SIN, V38, P1321, DOI
   10.3724/SP.J.1004.2012.01321
TI The simulation of fear diffusion based on parallel system under the
   paroxysmal terrorism incident circumstance
AU Li B-X; Li M-J
TC 4
SO ZIDONGHUA XUEBAO ACTA AUTO SIN
PY 2012
AB Understanding those factors critical to predicting response of the fear is
   crucial to ability to model the consequences of a terrorist strike in an
   urban area.  The parallel system is proposed to research fear diffusion
   under the paroxysmal terrorism incident circumstance.  This paper presents
   application Stella software to construct the artificial system of fear
   evolution.  This study intends to accomplish two goals.  First, find which
   factors will influence fear diffusion.  Hence, we propose a system model and
   provide simulation output depicting the diffusion of fear in a community.
   Second, how fear will evolve and diffuse.  The systems model to examine how
   fear might diffuse within a community immediately following a terrorist
   attack.  Our experimental results show that fear diffusion complies with
   definite rules: the more interference from the community, the more delay of
   fear diffusion; Perceptions of risk vary very quickly but decline quite
   slowly, at earlier of terrorism incident.  These findings should prove
   useful to those wishing to predict public response to a variety of different
   contingencies involving terrorism.  Copyright © 2012 Acta Automatica Sinica.
   All rights reserved.
DE fear diffusion; parallel system; simulation; system dynamics model;
   terrorism incident
ID computer simulation; diffusion; risk perception; terrorism; artificial
   systems; parallel system; perceptions of risks; simulation; stella software;
   system dynamics model; system models; systems models; terrorist attacks;
   terrorist strikes; urban areas; computer simulation languages

---

UT 958
AR Wei S/1, 2012, EUR J OPER RES, V221, P248, DOI 10.1016/j.ejor.2012.03.014
TI System dynamics simulation model for assessing socio-economic impacts of
   different levels of environmental flow allocation in the Weihe River Basin,
   China
AU Wei S/1; Yang H; Song J/2; Abbaspour KC; Xu Z/2
TC 119
SO EUR J OPER RES
PY 2012
AB This study develops a complex system dynamics model (SD) reflecting
   interactions between water resources, Environmental Flow (EF) and socio-
   economy using SD software package "Vensim PLE". The proposed model is
   employed to assess socio-economic impacts of different levels of EF
   allocation in the Weihe River Basin of China.  Four alternative socio-
   economic growth patterns and four EF allocation schemes are designed to
   simulate those impacts.  The results reveal that developed SD model
   performance well in reflecting the dynamic behavior of the system in the
   current study area.  In the meanwhile, an optimal growth pattern considering
   both socio-economic growth and EF requirements are also found by comparing
   the different scenario simulation results.  © 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights
   reserved.
DE environmental flow; scenario analysis; socio-economic impact; system
   dynamics; vensim
ID civil aviation; computer simulation; economics; growth rate; water
   resources; watersheds; environmental flow; scenario analysis; socio-economic
   impacts; system dynamics; vensim; economic and social effects

---

UT 959
AR Jetha A, 2017, BMC HEAL SERV RES, V17, DOI 10.1186/s12913-016-1955-8
TI Conceptualizing the dynamics of workplace stress: A systems-based study of
   nursing aides
AU Jetha A; Kernan L; Kurowski A
TC 23
SO BMC HEAL SERV RES
PY 2017
AB Background: Workplace stress is a complex phenomenon that may often be
   dynamic and evolving over time.  Traditional linear modeling does not allow
   representation of recursive feedback loops among the implicated factors.
   The objective of this study was to develop a multidimensional system
   dynamics model (SDM) of workplace stress among nursing aides and conduct
   simulations to illustrate how changes in psychosocial perceptions and
   workplace factors might influence workplace stress over time.  Methods:
   Eight key informants with prior experience in a large study of US nursing
   home workers participated in model building.  Participants brainstormed the
   range of components related to workplace stress.  Components were grouped
   together based on common themes and translated into feedback loops.  The SDM
   was parameterized through key informant insight on the shape and magnitude
   of the relationship between model components.  Model construction was also
   supported utilizing survey data collected as part of the larger study.  All
   data was entered into the software program, Vensim.  Simulations were
   conducted to examine how adaptations to model components would influence
   workplace stress.  Results: The SDM included perceptions of organizational
   conditions (e.g., job demands and job control), workplace social support
   (i.e., managerial and coworker social support), workplace safety, and
   demands outside of work (i.e.  work-family conflict). Each component was
   part of a reinforcing feedback loop.  Simulations exhibited that scenarios
   with increasing job control and decreasing job demands led to a decline in
   workplace stress.  Within the context of the system, the effects of
   workplace social support, workplace safety, and work-family conflict were
   relatively minor.  Conclusion: SDM methodology offers a unique perspective
   for researchers and practitioners to view workplace stress as a dynamic
   process.  The portrayal of multiple recursive feedback loops can guide the
   development of policies and programs within complex organizational contexts
   with attention both to interactions among causes and avoidance of adverse
   unintended consequences.  While additional research is needed to further
   test the modeling approach, findings might underscore the need to direct
   workplace interventions towards changing organizational conditions for
   nursing aides.  © 2017 The Author(s).
DE nursing aides; system dynamics; workplace stress
ID adult; family; female; humans; male; massachusetts; nurses; nurses aides;
   nursing homes; safety; social support; stress psychological; surveys and
   questionnaires; workplace; attention; avoidance behavior; coworker; family
   conflict; feedback system; human; human experiment; model; nursing
   assistant; nursing home; perception; physician; safety; scientist; social
   support; software; stress; workplace; adult; etiology; family; female; male;
   massachusetts; mental stress; nurse; nursing assistant; psychology;
   questionnaire; statistics and numerical data; workplace

---

UT 960
AR Berg DB, 2018, IFAC-PAPERSONLINE, V51, P61, DOI 10.1016/j.ifacol.2018.11.354
TI Modelling of the Municipality Entrepreneurial Community Functioning Using
   the Methods of System Dynamics
AU Berg DB; Kolomytseva AO; Apanasenko AV; Isaichik KF
TC 5
SO IFAC-PAPERSONLINE
PY 2018
AB The purpose of this research is to develop an imitation system-dynamic model
   for the municipality entrepreneurial network functioning.  The model is
   implemented on an experimental level in the environment of simulation
   moderation Powersim Studio 7. On the one hand it gives us the opportunity to
   monitor the state of communications and exchange at various periods of time.
   On the other hand it allows to determine the architecture of links, levels
   and flows of exchange between network participants as well as the most
   effective conditions for the realization of commodity-money relations both
   inside and outside the network.  The introduction of inside money into the
   entrepreneurial network is considered to be a method of exchange
   effectiveness increase.  The parameter, reflecting their usage in the
   network, acts as the main regulator of exchange and at the same time it is
   the controlling parameter of the model.  Simulation experiments result,
   expressed in resulting coefficients (liquidity, cooperation, exchange
   synchronization), allows you to assess numerically the system state at
   different control parameter values.  It makes the designed model an
   effective support tool for optimizing decisions and managing a complex
   economic system, which is the entrepreneurial network of the municipality.
   © 2018
DE administrating; commodity; decision support; entrepreneurial network; inside
   money; money relations; municipality; simulation modeling; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; decision support systems; administrating; commodity;
   decision supports; inside money; money relations; municipality; system
   dynamics; system theory

---

UT 961
AR Wu B/2, 2019, SUSTAIN, V11, DOI 10.3390/su11174794
TI Impact of open innovation communities on enterprise innovation performance:
   A system dynamics perspective
AU Wu B/2; Gong C
TC 38
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2019
AB Open innovation communities (OICs) can help enterprises make full use of
   external knowledge resources from users, but problems such as low user
   participation and low conversion rate of creative ideas impact the
   efficiency of OICs.  Most studies on this topic employ qualitative or
   empirical methods from a static perspective, but ignore the effect of
   interaction between enterprises and users as well as the cumulative effect
   of time.  A discussion on the dynamic evolution process of open innovation
   is lacking.  Based on a review of the literature on OICs, innovation
   performance, and system dynamics, this study proposes a conceptual model of
   innovation performance impact, which comprises the knowledge management,
   governance mechanism, and user behavior subsystems.  Xiaomi's OIC in China
   was selected as the research object, and relevant data were collected
   through a web spider.  According to the system dynamics modeling method, a
   causal relationship analysis was carried out on the three aforementioned
   interrelated subsystems.  Then, a stock flow chart with 32 variables was
   constructed to determine the initial values and calculation equations for
   each variable.  Finally, the model was constructed and verified using Vensim
   PLE software.  The simulation results were as follows.  (1) The number of
   product releases in the Xiaomi OIC was positively correlated with the number
   of posts, comments, and views.  Compared with user interaction behavior
   (i.e., commenting and viewing), the impact of user innovation behavior
   (i.e., posting) on enterprise innovation performance (i.e., number of
   patents) is clearer.  Specifically, regarding interaction behavior, the
   impact of the users' commenting behavior on innovation performance (i.e.,
   number of product releases) was relatively clearer than that of their
   viewing behavior.  (2) Governance mechanism (i.e., R&D investment and
   management expense), which comprises technical and organizational
   mechanisms, positively affected the innovation performance of enterprises.
   Compared with the organizational mechanism (i.e., management expense), the
   impact of the technical mechanism (i.e., R&D investment) on the innovation
   performance was clearer.  (3) Governance mechanism helped to increase the
   number of users in the OIC, and, in turn, affected the user innovation and
   interaction behavior.  (4) The technical mechanism positively affected
   knowledge application capability, which, in turn, had a positive impact on
   the innovation performance of enterprises.  Based on these findings,
   management strategies are proposed for the establishment and development of
   OICs.  © 2019 by the authors.
DE governance mechanism; innovation performance; knowledge management; open
   innovation community; system dynamics
ID araneae; environmental impact assessment; governance approach; industrial
   enterprise; industrial performance; innovation; knowledge; knowledge based
   system; local participation

---

UT 962
AR Zhang Z/3, 2016, SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO, V38, P433, DOI
   10.13255/j.cnki.jusst.2016.05.005
TI Simulation on the influences of technology import and independent research
   and development on the chinese manufacturing enterprise innovation
   performance
AU Zhang Z/3; Gao M/1; Chen Q
TC 1
SO SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2016
AB Along with the transformation and upgrade of the domestic industry, more and
   more attention is being paid to the firm innovation performance.  Organizing
   and summarizing the existing research conclusions about the influences of
   technology import and independent research and development on the firm
   innovation performance, based on the system dynamics method, the factors
   which affect the performance of enterprise innovation were classified.  Then
   the software of Vensim was used to perform the model validation test, and a
   feedback loop was provided to connect the key variables and other variables.
   The effect of the proportion of technology import spending to independent
   research and development spending on the firm innovation performance was
   analyzed.  It is shown that the independent research and development and
   technical introduction can promote the firm innovation performance;
   increasing the spending with the same proportion, the independent research
   and development can promote the firm innovation performance more
   effectively.  © 2016, Editorial Board of Journal of USST. All right
   reserved.
DE independent research and development; innovation performance; manufacturing
   industry; system dynamics; technology import

---

UT 963
AR Ho C-C, 2013, TAIWAN WATER CONSERV, V61, P14
TI Strengthening water supply system adaptive capacity to climate change in
   central region
AU Ho C-C; Chang L-C; Yu P-S; Chiu H-T; Tsai C-M
TC 0
SO TAIWAN WATER CONSERV
PY 2013
AB This study aims to evaluate the spatial vulnerability distribution of water
   resources and propose the adaptive strategies for central Taiwan.  The main
   tasks of this study are future water demand estimation, rainfall trend
   analysis, climate change impact analysis, and adaptive strategy proposing.
   Future water demand estimation considers the impact of GDP and temperature
   on domestic use water demand.  MWP Test and KW Test are used to analyze the
   variation trend of precipitation, intensity, and drought day.  The water
   supply systems are built based on the system dynamics model, VENSIM, to
   evaluate the impact on water resources under climate change.  Based on the
   impact analysis result, multi-criteria analysis is used to optimize optimal
   adaptive strategies combination.  The combination is for the shortage,
   estimated from a scenario of climate change in 2030s, and we suggest that a
   regular check and evaluation of these plans is necessary.
DE adaptive plan; climate change; hazard; vulnerability; weather generator
ID taiwan; climate change; hazards; optimization; water supply systems;
   adaptive plan; adaptive strategy; climate change impact; distribution of
   water; multicriteria analysis; system dynamics model; vulnerability; weather
   generator; adaptive management; climate change; climate effect; gross
   domestic product; hazard assessment; rainfall; spatial distribution;
   temperature effect; water demand; water resource; water supply; water
   resources

---

UT 964
AR Lu H/2, 2020, WUHAN LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO (JIAOTONG KEXUE YU GONGCHENG BAN),
   V44, P423, DOI 10.3963/j.issn.2095-3844.2020.03.006
TI Research on Synergetic Mechanism of Regional Economy and Logistics Based on
   System Dynamics Model; [基于系统动力学模型的区域经济与物流协同机理研究]
AU Lu H/2; Si W; Yuan M; Du Z/1
TC 2
SO WUHAN LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO (JIAOTONG KEXUE YU GONGCHENG BAN)
PY 2020
AB Based on the data of Henan Province from 2011 to 2018, from the perspective
   of the relationship between regional economy and regional logistics
   development, the gray correlation analysis was carried out through data
   modeling, and the correlation between various economic indicators and
   logistics development was obtained.  Among them, the indicators that have
   strong driving effect on the development of regional logistics in Henan
   Province are the regional GDP, the added value of three industries, the
   weaker transportation storage and fixed asset investment in the postal
   industry.These four indicators wereselected for system dynamics, and a
   systematic dynamic model for the coordinated development of regional economy
   and logistics was established.  The panel data of Henan Province from 2008
   to 2018 were simulated by Vensim software.  After analyzing and comparing
   the data, policy experimentswerecarried out from the two aspects of
   logistics self-growth coefficient and industrial structure policy.  Research
   shows that increasing logistics investment can promote the increase of GDP,
   logistics demand and logistics supply capacity in Henan Province.
   Optimization of industrial structure is an important way to promote the
   coordinated development of economy and logistics in Henan Province.  © 2020,
   Editorial Department of Journal of Wuhan University of Technology.  All
   right reserved.
DE logistics engineering; regional economy; regional logistics; synergy
   mechanism; system dynamics

---

UT 965
AR Hussain M, 2011, INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG, V41, P972, DOI
   10.1108/09600031111185248
TI Analysis of the bullwhip effect with order batching in multi-echelon supply
   chains
AU Hussain M; Drake PR
TC 35
SO INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG
PY 2011
AB Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to understand the effect of batching
   on bullwhip effect in a model of multi-echelon supply chain with information
   sharing.  Design/methodology/approach: The model uses the system dynamics
   and control theoretic concepts of variables, flows and feedback processes
   and is implemented using iThink® software.  Findings: It has been seen that
   the relationship between batch size and demand amplification is non-
   monotonic.  Large batch sizes, that when combined in integer multiples can
   produce order rates that are close to the actual demand, produce little
   demand amplification, i.e.  it is the size of the remainder of the quotient
   that is the determinant.  It is further noted that the value of information
   sharing is greatest for smaller batch sizes, for which there is a much
   greater improvement in the amplification ratio.  Research
   limitations/implications: Batching is associated with the inventory holding
   and backlog cost.  Therefore, future work should investigate the cost
   implications of order batching in multi-echelon supply chains.  Practical
   implications: This is a contribution to the continuing research into the
   bullwhip effect, giving supply chain operations managers and designers a
   practical way into controlling the bullwhip produced by batching across
   multi-echelon supply chains.  Originality/value: Previous similar studies
   have used control theoretic techniques and it has been pointed out that
   control theorists are unable to solve the lot sizing problem.  Therefore,
   system dynamic simulation has been applied to investigate the impact of
   various batch sizes on bullwhip effect.  © Emerald Group Publishing Limited.
DE batch processing; batch size; batching; bullwhip effect; information
   sharing; multi-echelon supply chain; simulation; supply chain management

---

UT 966
AR Hussain M, 2011, INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG, V41, P797, DOI
   10.1108/09600031111166438
TI Analysis of the bullwhip effect with order batching in multi-echelon supply
   chains
AU Hussain M; Drake PR
TC 28
SO INT J PHYS DISTRIB LOGIST MANAG
PY 2011
AB Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to analyze the effect of batching on
   bullwhip effect in a model of multi-echelon supply chain with information
   sharing.  Design/methodology/approach: The model uses the system dynamics
   and control theoretic concepts of variables, flows, and feedback processes
   and is implemented using iThink® software.  Findings: It has been seen that
   the relationship between batch size and demand amplification is non-
   monotonic.  Large batch sizes, when combined in integer multiples, can
   produce order rates that are close to the actual demand and produce little
   demand amplification, i.e.  it is the size of the remainder of the quotient
   that is the determinant.  It is further noted that the value of information
   sharing is greatest for smaller batch sizes, for which there is a much
   greater improvement in the amplification ratio.  Research
   limitations/implications: Batching is associated with the inventory holding
   and backlog cost.  Therefore, future work should investigate the cost
   implications of order batching in multi-echelon supply chains.  Practical
   implications: This is a contribution to the continuing research into the
   bullwhip effect, giving supply chain operations managers and designers a
   practical way into controlling the bullwhip produced by batching across
   multi-echelon supply chains.  Economies of scale processes usually favor
   large batch sizes.  Reducing batch size in order to reduce the demand
   amplification is not a good solution.  Originality/value: Previous similar
   studies have used control theoretic techniques and it has been pointed out
   that control theorists are unable to solve the lot sizing problem.
   Therefore, system dynamic simulation is then applied to investigate the
   impact of various batch sizes on bullwhip effect.  © Emerald Group
   Publishing Limited.
DE batching; bullwhip effect; information sharing; inventory management; multi-
   echelon supply chain; simulation; supply chain management

---

UT 967
AR Mula J, 2013, INT J PROD RES, V51, P4087, DOI 10.1080/00207543.2013.774487
TI A system dynamics model for the supply chain procurement transport problem:
   Comparing spreadsheets, fuzzy programming and simulation approaches
AU Mula J; Campuzano-Bolarin F; Díaz-Madroñero M; Carpio KM
TC 34
SO INT J PROD RES
PY 2013
AB This article proposes a simulation approach based on system dynamics for
   operational procurement and transport planning in a two-level, multi-product
   and multi-period supply chain.  This work uses the Vensim® simulation tool
   to highlight the potential of system dynamics for supply chain simulation.
   A real continuous simulation application is presented in an automobile
   supply chain.  The effectiveness of the proposed model is validated through
   the comparison of the results provided by spreadsheet-based simulation,
   fuzzy multi-objective programming and system dynamics-based simulation
   models.  The fundamental point of this paper is that the simulation model is
   the most effective approach in quantifying the trade-off between number of
   truck shipments and average inventory level.  In this case, the number of
   truck shipments is to be minimised, resulting in a higher inventory level.
   If the average inventory level were minimised, then there would be more
   truck shipments.  Here, it is shown the benefit of this type of simulation
   model in reducing inventory by about 10%. © 2013 Copyright Taylor and
   Francis Group, LLC.
DE operations planning; procurement; simulation; supply chain dynamics; system
   dynamics; transport
ID ships; spreadsheets; supply chains; system theory; trucks; operations
   planning; procurement; simulation; supply chain dynamics; system dynamics;
   transport; computer simulation

---

UT 968
AR Woo T-H, 2011, FOCUS ENERGY MANAG, P163
TI Atomic nanotechnology (ANT) promotions in energy industry for new marketing
   creations
AU Woo T-H; Kim Y-I
TC 0
SO FOCUS ENERGY MANAG
PY 2011
AB New marketing creations are investigated in the aspect of the nanotechnology
   (NT) application with atomic energy.  With an object of the high profits,
   the atomic nanotechnology (ANT) has been promoted in the nuclear industry.
   The quantification of the profit is performed using system dynamics (SD)
   method for the marketing innovation.  Algorithm of the feedback and
   accumulation skills of the simulation is used for the higher reliable result
   of the interested scenarios.  The simulation is given by 3 aspects which are
   technological aspect, manpower aspect and marketing aspect.  The simulation
   result shows the highest point in the output graph is the 307,461 in 2050.
   This is the assets for the NT area in industry as well as academics of the
   proposed scenarios.  © 2011 by Nova Science Publishers, Inc.  All rights
   reserved.
DE accumulation; atomic nanotechnology; feedback; marketing innovation;
   simulation; system dynamics; vensim

---

UT 969
AR Nannan Q, 2019, IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI, V371, DOI
   10.1088/1755-1315/371/3/032076
TI Risk Analysis and Intervention Policy Research of Miners' Unsafe Behavior
   Based on System Dynamics
AU Nannan Q; Han R; Qinggui C; Yunna W
TC 1
SO IOP CONF SER EARTH ENV SCI
PY 2019
AB With the application and development of the discipline of safety science and
   safety economy in enterprises, people gradually began to realize that the
   unsafe behavior of employees themselves is an important source of coal mine
   safety issues.  This paper constructs a behavioral risk model based on the
   employee behavior risk in coal mines combined with ALARP principle, and
   establishes a coal mine safety production organization behavior expectation
   utility model based on von Neumann Morgan Stan's utility function.  Based on
   this risk model, employees at different stages are Risk attitude analysis of
   risk appetite, using Vensim software to construct the model of unsafe
   behavior level of coal mine workers, and obtaining the trend of unsafe
   behavior level of coal mine workers through model simulation.  Based on the
   simulation results, the behavioral risk management decision research is
   carried out to realize the behavior of coal mine employees.  © Published
   under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
ID behavioral research; coal; computer software; human resource management;
   risk analysis; risk assessment; risk management; safety engineering;
   behavioral risks; coal mine safety productions; employee behavior;
   expectation utility; management decisions; policy researches; utility
   functions; vensim softwares; coal mines

---

UT 970
AR Bouloiz H, 2013, SAF SCI, V58, P32, DOI 10.1016/j.ssci.2013.02.013
TI A system dynamics model for behavioral analysis of safety conditions in a
   chemical storage unit
AU Bouloiz H; Garbolino E; Tkiouat M; Guarnieri F
TC 90
SO SAF SCI
PY 2013
AB This paper aims to develop a system dynamics model in order to formalize
   causal interdependencies between safety factors (technical, organizational
   and human). These factors define safety conditions in a complex industrial
   system.  It is a systemic approach founded on the method of system dynamics
   and the case study is a storage unit for chemical products located in
   Morocco.  System dynamics using VENSIM® software has been applied to assess
   the safety of the storage unit by modeling the activity of the industrial
   system.  Through simulation, users can define deviant scenarios in order to
   improve safety of the industrial system and implement managerial tools
   involving organizational, technical and human factors.  © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
DE causal interaction; organization; safety; scenarios; system behavior; system
   dynamics
ID chemical analysis; safety factor; societies and institutions; system theory;
   behavioral analysis; causal interaction; complex industrial systems;
   industrial systems; scenarios; system behaviors; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; article; case study; chemical safety; computer model;
   computer program; human; negative feedback; nuclear power plant;
   occupational safety; positive feedback; priority journal; risk assessment;
   risk management; systems theory; work environment; accident prevention

---

UT 971
AR Lindenschmidt K-E, 2020, IAHR INT SYMP ICE
TI Posteriori identification of a cold-region integrated catchment-river-lake
   water quality system
AU Lindenschmidt K-E; Akomeah E; Morales-Marin L; Hassanzadeh E
TC 1
SO IAHR INT SYMP ICE
PY 2020
AB There is mounting evidence that ice phenology influences the biogeochemistry
   of aquatic ecosystems.  For under-ice eutrophic aquatic ecosystems in saline
   environments, it is critical to delineate key parameters and processes for
   long-term management of such systems.  Such systems are saddled with anoxic
   and bloom risks, with under-ice nutrient cycling being a precursor for
   spring and summer blooms.  In this study, a novel top-down modelling and
   posteriori identifiability analysis in a Monte-Carlo framework is employed
   to highlight key parameters and processes contributing to rising
   eutrophication in the Prairie region of the North American Great Plains,
   Qu’Appelle River Basin.  Landscape nutrient export processes and main stem
   in-stream processes were hypothesized and linked in VENSIM system-dynamics
   model and in-stream Water quality Analysis Simulation Program (WASP) models.
   Model integration was achieved using a python wrapper.  Sensitivity metrics
   were estimated from an ensemble of 10,000 simulation runs.  The interaction
   and cross-correlation of landscape and instream processes were inferred from
   these metrics.  Results from the study showed that winter warming is
   critical to eutrophication in the studied system and the need to explicitly
   incorporate overwintering nutrient mechanisms in new generation integrated
   water quality models.  © 2020, International Association for Hydro-
   Environment Engineering and Research.  All rights reserved.
DE cold region; ice processes; identifiability; integrated catchment modeling;
   uncertainty

---

UT 972
AR Barati K, 2020, J AGRI SC TECH, V22, P1397
TI Cropping pattern optimization using system dynamics approach and multi-
   objective mathematical programming
AU Barati K; Abedi Koupai J; Darvishi E; Azari A; Yousefi A
TC 13
SO J AGRI SC TECH
PY 2020
AB To determine the optimum cropping pattern for Kermanshah Plain, Iran, a
   dynamic model was developed in Vensim PRO x32 software to simulate the
   actual situation in the region.  Stochastic simulation of time series method
   was used to predict the values of climate parameters in the future.  After
   ensuring the performance of the dynamic model as well as time series model,
   optimization process of crop pattern was performed using the existing
   optimization tool in Vensim PRO x32 software in addition to multi objective
   mathematical programming approach by Powell method in three different
   scenarios.  The objective functions included maximizing the economic benefit
   for farmers and minimizing the extracted water from aquifer.  The results
   showed that ratio of the gained benefit to the amount of water extracted
   from the wells in optimized conditions was always higher than the current
   conditions.  The value of this ratio for the three scenarios was 1.23, 0.89,
   and 0.94, respectively, which in all three scenarios were higher than the
   current value (0.68). The results showed that in the scenario in which
   changes in the crop coefficients of all crops are possible, in order to
   optimize the cropping pattern, the area allocated to wheat, barley, grain
   and forage maize, tomato, clover, and onion should be decreased in the
   current cropping pattern.  Furthermore, the results of optimization
   indicated an increase in the area under cultivation of saffron, rose,
   greenhouse, medicinal plants, and olive, compared to the current conditions.
   © 2020, Tarbiat Modares University.  All rights reserved.
DE objective functions; optimizer tool; powell method; vensim pro x32

---

UT 973
AR Garcia-Holguera M, 2015, SIMUL SER, V47, P13
TI Approaching biomimetics: Optimization of resource use in buildings using a
   system dynamics modeling tool
AU Garcia-Holguera M; Clark G; Sprecher A; Gaskin S
TC 2
SO SIMUL SER
PY 2015
AB The biomimetic field in architecture is developing tools for transferring
   processes and functions from biological systems to buildings.  Buildings,
   like ecosystems, are dynamic and complex systems, thus studying their
   dynamics from a systems thinking perspective might bring insight to some
   environmental problems.  STELLA®, a software commonly used to model
   environmental dynamics, was used to identify approaches for energy
   optimization in the Great River Energy Building.  Long-term energy flows and
   thermal properties of the building were modeled to understand the feedback
   loops that control the behavior of the building system.  The simulation
   showed that optimization of passive building parameters produced
   considerable energy savings, but more active strategies would be necessary
   to make the Great River Energy building a net-zero energy building.  This
   exercise showed how the STELLA® software can represent the dynamic behavior
   of buildings as well as the dynamic behavior of environmental systems, and
   the potential of this tool for biomimetic research in architecture.  © 2015
   Society for Modeling & Simulation International (SCS).
DE biomimetics; biomimicry; ecomimetics; net-zero building; stella; system
   dynamics
ID biomimetic processes; biomimetics; energy conservation; intelligent
   buildings; memory architecture; system theory; biomimicry; ecomimetics;
   environmental dynamics; environmental problems; net-zero energy buildings;
   stella; system dynamics; system dynamics model; buildings

---

UT 974
AR Yuan Y, 2013, INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL, V23, P879, DOI
   10.1016/j.ijmst.2013.11.001
TI System dynamics model of the support-surrounding rock system in fully
   mechanized mining with large mining height face and its application
AU Yuan Y; Tu S; Zhang X/1; Li B
TC 23
SO INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL
PY 2013
AB Fully mechanized mining with large mining height (FMMLMH) is widely used in
   thick coal seam mining face for its higher recovery ratio, especially where
   the thickness is less than 7.0 m.  However, because of the great mining
   height and intense rock pressure, the coal wall rib spalling, roof falling
   and the instability of support occur more likely in FMMLMH working face, and
   the above three types of disasters interact with each other with complicated
   relationships.  In order to get the relationship between each two of coal
   wall, roof, floor and support, and reduce the occurrence probability of the
   three types of disasters, we established the system dynamics (SD) model of
   the support-surrounding rock system which is composed of "coal wall-roof-
   floor-support" (CW-R-F-S) in a FMMLMH working face based on the condition of
   No.  15104 working face in Sijiazhuang coal mine.  With the software of
   Vensim, we also simulated the interaction process between each two factors
   of roof, floor, coal wall and the support.  The results show that the SD
   model of "CW-R-F-S" system can reveal the complicated and interactive
   relationship clearly between the support and surrounding rock in the FMMLMH
   working face.  By increasing the advancing speed of working face, the
   support resistance or the length of support guard, or by decreasing the tip-
   to-face distance, the stability of "CW-R-F-S" system will be higher and the
   happening probability of the disasters such as coal wall rib spalling, roof
   falling or the instability of support will be lower.  These research
   findings have been testified in field application in No.  15104 working
   face, which can provide a new approach for researching the interaction
   relationship of support and surrounding rock.  © 2013 Published by Elsevier
   B.V. on behalf of China University of Mining & Technology.
DE disaster control; fmmlmh; sd model; simulation analysis; support-surrounding
   rock system
ID coal; coal deposits; computer simulation; disasters; floors; metal recovery;
   roofs; spalling; system theory; fmmlmh; fully-mechanized mining; interaction
   relationship; interactive relationships; occurrence probability; sd models;
   simulation analysis; support-surrounding rock system; mine roof control

---

UT 975
AR Li Z/4, 2016, SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO, V38, P357, DOI
   10.13255/j.cnki.jusst.2016.04.009
TI Analysis on the fuel consumption of automobile in shanghai based on system
   dynamics
AU Li Z/4; Yan G
TC 2
SO SHANGHAI LIGONG DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2016
AB Fuel consumption of automobile is one of the factors that cause air
   pollution.  It is very effective for our environment protection to control
   the fuel consumption of automobile.  According to the theories and methods
   of system dynamics (SD) and with the help of Vensim software, a SD model for
   the fuel consumption of automobile in Shanghai was constructed based on the
   traffic data of Shanghai from 2004 to 2014. The road management level,
   automobile purchase policy and automobile scrap rate were simulated by the
   method of control variables.  The results show that the road management
   level is inversely proportional to the fuel consumption of the car and it is
   most effective for reducing automobile fuel consumption to maintain the
   number of automobiles between 2.3 million and 2.5 million, and keep the
   scrap rate between 5.6% and 5.8%.Three schemes were formulated to reduce the
   fuel consumption of automobile based on the requirements of energy
   conservation and emission reduction in Shanghai, which provided a
   theoretical support for the policy makers.  © 2016, Editorial Board of
   Journal of USST. All right reserved.
DE energy conservation; fuel consumption; simulation; system dynamics

---

UT 976
AR Li M/3, 2019, J SILK, V56
TI Construction and empirical study of designer brand buyer industry chain
   model
AU Li M/3; Zhu W/2; Liang Y
TC 1
SO J SILK
PY 2019
AB For promoting development of the buyer industry chain consisting of minority
   designer brands, showrooms and buyer shops, the system dynamics method was
   used to build a relevant model so as to identify the development bottleneck
   from the perspective of industry chain and provide the optimization strategy
   for enterprises.  By means of literature research, enterprise practice and
   in-depth interviews, we sorted out the indicators which had a direct impact
   on the overall operation in the industry chain and calculated the weights.
   Vensim was used to draw the stock-flow graph of the model.  The
   correlativity was established and the validity was verified.  The results
   showed that minority designer brand attraction, Showroom service level and
   store sales ability could be used as KPI indicators, in which Showroom
   service level had the largest influence on the operation of buyer industry
   chain.  TOC theory and McKinsey matrix model were used to put forward
   several solutions to improve the overall efficiency of the industry chain
   and the operational efficiency of each subsystem, such as enhancing design
   competitiveness, improving specialty of business personnel and sharing
   information.  © 2019 China Silk Association.  All rights reserved.
DE bottleneck identification; buyer industry chain; designer brand; showroom;
   system dynamics

---

UT 977
AR Li H/1, 2019, J SYST SCI, V7, P134, DOI 10.21078/JSSI-2019-134-14
TI The Carbon Effects of the Urban Ecological Recreational System Based on
   Systems Simulation
AU Li H/1; Tong H; Wang X/6
TC 0
SO J SYST SCI
PY 2019
AB As a major component of urban ecological systems, the urban ecological space
   is an impor-tant carbon pool in the urban carbon circulation.  Meanwhile,
   its special recreational function adds to the complexity of its carbon
   effects.  According to the carbon process and effects of the urban
   ecological recreational system, the Source-Leakage-Sink-Order (SLSO)
   framework is proposed as the basis of the four subsystems of the system
   model.  Consisting of 63 parameters, the system dynamics model of urban
   ecological recreational system is constructed by using VENSIM PLE. Then the
   urban ecological recreational system in Shanghai under different scenarios
   is simulated, and the carbon sources and sinks of the system as well as the
   process of carbon effects such as carbon footprints are analyzed and
   predicted.  Research shows that due to the imbalance of the spatial pattern
   of ecological recreational space, the carbon sink effects of the system are
   quite limited.  The human carbon source is the main contributor of the
   system’s carbon sources and the carbon footprint deficit is striking.  The
   management ability of ecological recreational space influences the carbon
   sink potentials of the system.  In addition, the maintenance mode of
   ecological green space plays a non-trivial role in the composition of carbon
   sources.  © 2019, Science Press (China). All rights reserved.
DE carbon effects; carbon sinks; carbon sources; urban ecological recreational
   system; urban ecological space

---

UT 978
AR Chen A, 2020, PROC - INT CONF SMART GRID ELECTR AUTOM ICSGEA, P46, DOI
   10.1109/ICSGEA51094.2020.00018
TI Study on the Power System of Sharing Economy under Complex Environment
AU Chen A; Hua H
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF SMART GRID ELECTR AUTOM ICSGEA
PY 2020
AB This paper describes the development status of business model and the
   factors that cause complex environment.  Then it analyzes the similarities
   and differences between online to offline business model(O2O) and
   traditional e-commerce model, and combs the concept, type, innovation
   driving force and other contents of the sharing economy business model.
   According to the concept model of sharing economy business model put forward
   in this study, the simulation model of sharing economy business model based
   on value network is established by using system dynamics method, and the
   system simulation and result analysis are performed by using the actual data
   to explore the relationship between the main bodies of sharing economy, to
   find out the key factors affecting the business model of sharing economy.
   The validity of the system dynamics model is verified by Vensim software
   finally.  © 2020 IEEE.
DE o2o; sharing econonmy; system dynamics; vensim
ID complex networks; electric power transmission networks; system theory;
   business modeling; complex environments; development status; e-commerce
   model; simulation model; system dynamics model; system simulations; vensim
   softwares; smart power grids

---

UT 979
AR Cheng L, 2017, J AEROSP TECHNOL MANAG, V9, P495, DOI 10.5028/jatm.v9i4.648
TI A prediction model for night recovery of embarked aircrafts based on system
   dynamics
AU Cheng L; Yue K; Huang Z
TC 2
SO J AEROSP TECHNOL MANAG
PY 2017
AB In order to make a sensible prediction on the air traffic flow management
   with conditions of wave-off and bolter, a system dynamic model for the night
   recovery operations of embarked aircrafts is built to ensure the adaption of
   air traffic flow with the capacity of air control at each phase of the
   recovery operations.  The model aims at the characteristics of multiple
   feedbacks, delays and complex time varying, builds a stock flow diagram and
   operation model with impact factors of the night recovery system, and is
   simulated in Vensim® Personal Learning Edition 5.9. The simulation shows a
   reasonable prediction result for the night recovery of embarked aircrafts
   with conditions of bolter and wave-off and can provide a theoretical basis
   for scheduling the air traffic flow management of embarked aircrafts
   formation recovery.  © 2017, Journal of Aerospace Technology and Management.
   All rights reserved.
DE air traffic flow management; complex system modeling; embarked aircrafts
   formation; recovery; system dynamics
ID air traffic control; aviation; forecasting; scheduling; system theory; air
   control; air traffic flow management; air traffic flows; aircraft
   formations; complex system modeling; condition; embarked aircraft formation;
   prediction modeling; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; recovery

---

UT 980
AR Samah AA, 2015, PROC - INT CONF COMPUT ASSIST SYST HEAL CASH, P22, DOI
   10.1109/CASH.2014.18
TI Decision Support System Using System Dynamics Simulation Modelling for
   Projection of Dentist Supply
AU Samah AA; Wah LK; Desa MI; Majid HA; Azmi NFM; Salleh N; Bakar AA; Manual A
TC 4
SO PROC - INT CONF COMPUT ASSIST SYST HEAL CASH
PY 2015
AB This paper describes the development of a decision support system (DSS)
   using System Dynamics (SD) simulation approach to project and analyse the
   supply of dentist at both local and private Malaysian healthcare provider
   from 2015 to 2030. The project was driven by the need to provide
   sustainable, quality dental services in a complex environment given
   fluctuations in dental graduate numbers, migrations, attritions and
   activities.  The developed DSS using VENSIM software described in this paper
   is flexible and expandable.  It can be used to monitor future changes in
   dental workforce and provide a comprehensive and structured policy analysis
   to policy-makers and health managers, within the Ministry of Health
   Malaysia.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE decision support system; dentist; system dynamic
ID artificial intelligence; dentistry; health; system theory; complex
   environments; decision support system ( dss ); dentist; health care
   providers; simulation approach; system dynamics; system dynamics simulation;
   vensim softwares; decision support systems

---

UT 981
AR Tong L, 2014, INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL, V24, P201, DOI
   10.1016/j.ijmst.2014.01.010
TI Simulation study of coal mine safety investment based on system dynamics
AU Tong L; Dou Y
TC 30
SO INT J MIN SCI TECHNOL
PY 2014
AB To generate dynamic planning for coal mine safety investment, this study
   applies system dynamics to decision-making, classifying safety investments
   by accident type.  It validates the relationship between safety investments
   and accident cost, by structurally analyzing the causality between safety
   investments and their influence factors.  Our simulation model, based on
   Vensim software, conducts simulation analysis on a series of actual data
   from a coalmine in Shanxi Province.  Our results indicate a lag phase in
   safety investments, and that increasing pre-phase safety investment reduces
   accident costs.  We found that a 24% increase in initial safety investment
   could help reach the target accident costs level 14 months earlier.  Our
   simulation test included nine kinds of variation trends of accident costs
   brought by different investment ratios on accident prevention.  We found an
   optimized ratio of accident prevention investments allowing a mine to reach
   accident cost goals 4 months earlier, without changing its total investment.
   © 2014 Published by Elsevier B.V.
DE coal mine; cost of accident; safety investment; system dynamics
ID accident prevention; accidents; coal mines; computer simulation; computer
   software; costs; system theory; investment ratios; safety investments;
   simulation analysis; simulation model; simulation studies; simulation tests;
   system dynamics; vensim softwares; investments

---

UT 982
AR Han S, 2019, SUSTAIN, V11, DOI 10.3390/su11184901
TI Projections and recommendations for energy structure and industrial
   structure development in China through 2030: A system dynamics model
AU Han S; Lin C; Zhang B/6; Farnoosh A
TC 8
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2019
AB In this research, we established a System Dynamics Model named "E & I-SD" to
   study the development of the energy structure and industrial structure in
   China from 2000 to 2030 using Vensim Simulation Software based on energy
   economy theory, system science theory and coordinated development theory.
   We used Direct Structure Test, Structure-oriented Behavior Test, and
   Behavior Pattern Test to ensure the optimal operation of the system.  The
   model's results showed that the indicators of total energy consumption,
   total added value of GDP after regulation, energy consumption per capita,
   and GDP per capita were on the rise in China, but emissions per unit of
   energy showed a downward trend.  Separately, the model predicted average
   annual growth rates in China through 2030. Based on these findings, we
   proposed important policies for China's sustainable development.  Firstly,
   short- and long-term policy measures should be implemented to replace fossil
   fuels with clean energy.  Secondly, the utilization efficiency of raw coal
   should be appraised future.  The planning should provide for steady
   development and improvement of the primary, secondary, and tertiary sectors.
   Thirdly, the mid- and long-term plans for development and management of
   various industrial sectors and the corresponding energy consumption should
   be based on technological trends.  Finally, a market-oriented pricing
   mechanism for energy should be established in China as soon as possible.  ©
   2019 by the authors.
DE coordinated development; energy structure; industrial structure; system
   dynamics
ID fossil fuel; gross domestic product; growth rate; industrial structure;
   model; spatiotemporal analysis

---

UT 983
AR Lan T-S, 2014, INNOV COMMUN ENG - PROC INT CONF INNOV COMMUN ENG ICICE, P203
TI The dynamic investigation in the subject of science and technology for
   elementary school students
AU Lan T-S; Lan Y-H; Chen K-L; Chen P-C; Lin W-C
TC 0
SO INNOV COMMUN ENG - PROC INT CONF INNOV COMMUN ENG ICICE
PY 2014
AB In the third grade of the elementary school, learning Science and Technology
   will become a challenge to children.  Because of the obviously different
   learning motivation and style between Science and Technology and other
   learning areas, the investigation of the factors which affect the learning
   achievement of Science and Technology has become an important issue for
   researchers.  There are lots of static studies about the related issues of
   Science and Technology.  Most of them are not able to estimate for the
   effect of the policy issue.  This study generalizes five main variables
   including the learning motivation of a student, the teaching enthusiasm of a
   teacher, the accompanying time of families, the innovative teaching methods
   and the Science and Technology activities in the school.  Due to the
   variable is closely linked and inseparable to each other, this study applies
   the five variables all together by using the system dynamics.  In this
   study, a system dynamics software named Vensim has been used to establish
   the proposed model, which is used to investigate and analyze the Science and
   Technology learning achievement of children.  This study promotes levels
   from the static state to the dynamic state.  The results of this study
   provide valuable references and suggestions to make decisions for elementary
   school teachers.  It is intended to promote the Science and Technology
   learning motivation and accomplish learning achievement for the elementary
   students.  © 2014 Taylor & Francis Group.
ID communication; engineering education; motivation; students; system theory;
   teaching; technology; elementary schools; elementary students; innovative
   teaching; investigate and analyze; learning achievement; learning
   motivation; science and technology; science and technology activities;
   innovation

---

UT 984
AR Li S/4, 2018, CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM, P184
TI The study of evolvement mechanism and preventive solution of enterprise
   reputation crisis in we-media environment
AU Li S/4; Zhang F/2
TC 0
SO CONF PROC INT SYMP PROJ MANAG ISPM
PY 2018
AB Reputation crisis has become a new normal of enterprises in the We-media
   era.  It is a preconditioned for enterprise reputation crisis management to
   systematically analyze the evolution mechanism and influence of the
   reputation crisis.  Therefore, this paper analyzes the role of enterprises,
   netizens and opinion leaders in the evolution of the reputation crisis and
   builds a system dynamics model to describe the mechanism and evolution trend
   of enterprise reputation crisis.  An improved SIR model of infectious
   diseases is proposed to describe the spread of the concept on the Internet.
   Then we analyze the evolvement trend of netizens attentions to negative
   information of enterprises under the influence of different factors, such as
   opinion leaders, enterprise reputation and public relation force.  And the
   proposed system dynamics model was simulated by Vensim software.  We find
   that to quell the reputation crisis as soon as possible, enterprises should
   apply the public relation actions to the public as well as the opinion
   leaders, not only well-known enterprises to do so, unknown enterprises have
   to do so, and enterprise public relations activities should execute as early
   as possible.  © Conference Proceedings of the 6th International Symposium on
   Project Management, ISPM 2018. All rights reserved.
DE improved sir; reputation crisis; system dynamics; we-media
ID project management; public relations; system theory; evolution mechanism;
   improved sir; infectious disease; negative information; reputation crisis;
   system dynamics; system dynamics model; we-media; dynamic models

---

UT 985
AR Gardener M, 2012, ROLE SCI CONSERV, P240, DOI 10.4324/9780203126790-23
TI Part III summary: A systemic approach - modeling and restoration
AU Gardener M; Wolff M
TC 0
SO ROLE SCI CONSERV
PY 2012
AB Part III looks at the reasons why research and modeling at the scale of the
   entire ecosystem (e.g.  socio-ecosystem) is fundamental to understand
   complex system functioning and to help optimizing management for both
   biodiversity conservation and sustainable use of resources.  Rachel Atkinson
   and colleagues review eradication as a tool for invasive species management
   in Galápagos.  They report on the history of species introductions in
   Galápagos and show that the rate of introductions steadily increased since
   the 1830s, rising most rapidly during the last 50 years.  In 2008, the tally
   of introduced terrestrial species was 1, 445 including 870 plants, 536
   invertebrates, 30 vertebrates and ten diseases.  Of these introduced
   species, many have invaded native ecosystems.  Vertebrate invasions were the
   first to cause impact and alarm in the latter half of the twentieth century.
   These have been followed by plant and invertebrate invasions that now cover
   huge areas, particularly in the highland regions of the inhabited islands,
   and further invasions are expected in future.  The authors encourage the
   reader to consider potentially positive and negative impacts of eradication
   programs to the whole ecosystem, not just iconic species.  They consider
   four main criteria before deciding to attempt eradication: (1) strategic-
   operational; (2) biological; (3) economic; and (4) socio-political.  They
   list the following important considerations: (1) an eradication operation
   should not be attempted if reintroduction cannot be prevented; (2) the rate
   of removal must exceed the rate of population increase; (3) species with
   limited distributions, that are easily detectable, with a short-lived
   dormant stage (e.g.  a seed or egg bank), and that have a known control
   method for reproductive individuals, are prime candidates for eradication;
   (4) eradications, especially when carried out at the early stages of
   invasion, are cost-effective and theoretically neat solutions to prevent the
   future or current impact of invasive species.  Additionally, eradications
   should not be started if there is insufficient funding to address unforeseen
   consequences of the operation on ecosystem dynamics.  Another frequently
   overlooked requirement is the need for governmental and public support for
   all aspects of the project from the start in order to ensure that there are
   no barriers to the program from beginning to end.  The tool of eradication
   is attractive to both donors and managers alike, as there is a measurable
   outcome and a definite endpoint to the project.  However, there are limits
   to the use of eradication as a tool for conservation.  The authors discuss
   these limits, analyzing 57 eradication projects of vertebrates,
   invertebrates and vascular plants from 1961 to present.  Of these, 27 have
   been successful, 20 unsuccessful and ten are ongoing.  The majority of
   successes were of large vertebrates, whereas most plant and invertebrate
   eradication attempts were unsuccessful.  They found common trends in project
   successes and failures with operational, biological, economic and social
   criteria all contributing.  They discuss the future of eradications and the
   alternatives in Galápagos.  Matthias Wolff and coworkers use a trophic
   modeling approach to integrate ecological and fisheries data for a holistic
   description of the Galápagos Marine Reserve (GMR) ecosystem and to evaluate
   the effect of the banning of industrial fishing in the GMR in 1998 and the
   coinciding El Niño event.  For the construction of their baseline flow model
   they used data from the late 1990s when industrial fishery was still in
   place.  Estimated pre-1998 catch volumes in the GMR were in the realms of
   average catches in other oceanic and shelf systems, hence, the model was
   considered to be realistic.  Top order predators were the warmblooded
   toothed whales, but large pelagic fish and cephalopods also played a
   prominent role.  Simulations suggest that the GMR has undergone a
   substantial recovery process of large pelagic fish and sharks since
   industrial fishery was banned 12 years ago.  According to the model
   simulations, most large pelagic fish would have - under normal environmental
   conditions - attained 10-20% stock increase after only two years after the
   fishery ban, concordant with literature findings showing that marine reserve
   closure is almost immediately effective in less than two years.
   Nevertheless, the El Niño event suppressed this rapid response for a further
   two to three years, suggesting that the bottom-up effect on the system of
   reduced primary productivity was stronger than the top-down effect from the
   release in fishing pressure.  The first species predicted to surpass the
   pre-El Niño reference level was the yellowfin tuna, followed by wahoo,
   dolphin fish and sailfish.  Owing to their slow population turnover rates,
   sharks followed later.  Juvenile sharks are predicted to maintain reduced
   biomass throughout the time due to strong control by increased levels of top
   predators.  Sea lions, cormorants, penguins and sea turtles needed the whole
   12-year period to rebuild their populations.  The authors emphasize that the
   disruption of the system by the El Niño impacted in the medium term (three
   to nine years), leading to higher biomasses of large pelagic fish predators
   than under the same fishery conditions without the El Niño impact.  This
   suggests that, since predator biomass is reduced during the El Niño, prey
   populations find an “open loophole” to proliferate first and are then
   followed by their predators in a Lotka-Volterra fashion.  It then takes
   several years for the system to normalize.  Long-term monitoring data for
   marine mammals, birds and sea turtles confirmed the El Niño driven
   population reductions simulated by the model.  Marjan van den Belt presents
   mediated modeling (MM) as a computer-based tool that can facilitate the
   participation of diverse stakeholders in the identification and valuation of
   ecosystem services from a conservation and human perspective.  Systems
   thinking (the use of causal diagrams) and system dynamics (quantitative
   representations of feedback loops and time lags to understand systems)
   provide the underlying modeling philosophy.  MM is presented as a decision
   support tool that can feed into all phases of adaptive management:
   envisioning; assessment; planning; implementation; and monitoring.  The
   discussion between the stakeholders involved is interpreted by a mediated
   modeler and reflected back into the dialogue for all participants in real
   time.  The integration of ecology, economics and social issues for
   sustainable development is often considered a normative objective in a MM
   process.  In her contribution, Marjan uses a first pass example of how MM -
   based on a model produced using the STELLA software - could work in
   Galápagos to demonstrate how this tool could promote stakeholder dialogue.
   © 2012 selection and editorial material, Matthias Wolff and Mark Gardener;
   individual chapters, the contributors.

---

UT 986
AR Zhao P, 2014, XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO, V46, P800
TI Research on carbon dioxide emissions of the main building at construction
   stage
AU Zhao P; Ma H; Wang C/4; Zhang D/1
TC 2
SO XI'AN JIANZHU KEJI DAXUE XUEBAO
PY 2014
AB With the development of the urbanization process, the constructional
   engineering's energy consumption and carbon emissions rate is becoming
   higher and higher and its effects on environment are more and more
   distinctive.  Based on the system dynamics theory, this article divides the
   constructional engineering program's main structure construction stage into
   5 different subsystems, in analyzing carbon dioxide emissions at
   construction stage with VENSIM and determining the main subsystem that
   affect the environment.  This system provides effective basis for the
   targeted improvements for the implementation of green construction.  As a
   results, the carbon dioxide emissions of commercial concrete projects
   accounted for the largest proportion, which is followed by the order of
   formwork engineering, steel engineering, transportation engineering and
   scaffold engineering.  ©, 2014, Science Press.  All right reserved.
DE carbon dioxide emissions; main structure construction stage; system
   dynamics; vensim

---

UT 987
AR Wang H-H, 2013, TECHNOL J, V12, P6619, DOI 10.3923/itj.2013.6619.6622
TI Economic assessment of the mariculture functional zones using system
   dynamics
AU Wang H-H; Zhao Z; Wang B/1; Yin J
TC 0
SO TECHNOL J
PY 2013
AB The economic activity and assessment methods of the Mariculture Functional
   Zones (MFZ) in Qingdao are investigated.  A System Dynamic (SD) model of the
   prediction and the utilization Effectiveness for Qingdao MFZ is established
   to provide decision-making for managers.  A fishery impact assessment for
   the MFz is set up to estimate the total incomes and outcomes and thus the
   cause and effect feedback chart is obtained.  Data are processed by
   statistical method and World Wind Java.  The causal loop diagram is
   presented to express the feedbacks.  Simulations are conducted to verify the
   validation of the model proposed based on Vensim.  © 2013 Asian Network for
   Scientific Information.
DE assessment; expert system; marine fisheries; system dynamic
ID economics; expert systems; feedback; fisheries; assessment; causal loop
   diagrams; cause and effects; economic activities; economic assessments;
   impact assessments; marine fishery; system dynamics; marine biology

---

UT 988
AR Ogano NO/1, 2014, PICMET - PORTL INT CEN MANAG ENG TECHNOL PROC INFRASTRUCT
   SERV INTEGR, P2516
TI Front end project planning for the power sector in Africa: A conceptual
   system dynamics model
AU Ogano NO/1; Pretorius L/1
TC 0
SO PICMET - PORTL INT CEN MANAG ENG TECHNOL PROC INFRASTRUCT SERV INTEGR
PY 2014
AB Developing countries offer abundant opportunities for high return and high
   growth potential investments, such as in critical energy sector
   infrastructure projects.  In Africa, major projects are presently in
   progress to upgrade and refurbish the infrastructure in the energy sector,
   and especially in the electricity energy sub sector.  However, many of these
   projects run into delays, quality problems and cost overruns which amongst
   other causes, are attributed to inadequate time and resources spent in the
   initial pre-planning and planning phases of these projects.  This research
   focuses on electricity infrastructure projects in Africa using system
   dynamics approach.  From the literature, the paper explores and discusses
   theories, methods and models previously developed to better manage projects,
   including how these models are to be used to derive a model beneficial to
   energy sector projects in Africa.  The results of the research will help in
   reducing uncertainty in projects in the Africa and other developing
   countries, and will be beneficial to energy sector players, including
   investors in the energy sector.  This paper presents results of literature
   review in this area as well as the initial systems thinking in model
   building.  The research uses a system dynamics approach employing vensim
   software in model building and analysis.  © 2014 PICMET.
ID developing countries; model buildings; system theory; conceptual systems;
   electricity infrastructure; infrastructure project; literature reviews;
   project planning; quality problems; system dynamics approach; systems
   thinking; investments

---

UT 989
AR Qiu Y, 2015, J IND ENG MANAG, V8, P783, DOI 10.3926/jiem.1325
TI A system dynamics model for simulating the logistics demand dynamics of
   metropolitans: A case study of Beijing, China
AU Qiu Y; Shi X; Shi C
TC 17
SO J IND ENG MANAG
PY 2015
AB Purpose: We attempted to propose an approach to simulate the dynamics of
   Beijing’s logistics demand, which can do some help to find out the dynamics
   path of the needed storage and shipment, put forward with logistics policies
   and enhance logistics service.  Design/methodology/approach: We present a
   paper with system dynamics (SD) methodology, which was run by the software
   of Vensim®. Findings: With SD model, causal loop diagram and stock and flow
   diagram are constructed, as well as some experiments and policy analysis.
   The research findings revealed that the increase of average shipping
   capacity for a vehicle will bring a decrease in congestion and CO2 emission
   directly and the decrease of the average fuel use for a vehicle can help
   with the reduction of CO2 emission directly.  Both the two parameters are
   the indirect causes of logistics demand dynamics in Beijing.
   Originality/value: Researches of this paper are aiming at handling logistics
   demand dynamics of Beijing, problems belonging to the area of complex
   systems, with SD model, where, to the best of our knowledge, no significant
   research has been done.  © 2015, Universitat Politecnica de Catalunya.  All
   rights reserved.
DE beijing; logistics demand; system dynamics
ID carbon dioxide; ships; storage as a service ( staas ); traffic congestion;
   beijing; causal loop diagrams; design/methodology/approach; logistics
   demand; logistics services; shipping capacity; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; system theory

---

UT 990
AR Woo TH/1, 2014, ENERGY SOURCES ECON PLANN POLIC, V9, P165, DOI
   10.1080/15567249.2011.563262
TI The financial modeling of nanotechnology (NT) for the energy industry using
   systems thinking decision making
AU Woo TH/1; Kim YI
TC 1
SO ENERGY SOURCES ECON PLANN POLIC
PY 2014
AB Commercialization of atomic energy is investigated in the aspect of the
   nanotechnology (NT) application.  The atomic nanotechnology has been
   emerging in the area of science and technology, where the main object is
   highly efficient production.  The marketing innovation is quantified for the
   profit enhancement using systems thinking which is expressed by the system
   dynamics method.  The feedback and accumulation skills of the simulation
   could show the higher reliable result of the interested scenarios.  The
   simulation is performed by three aspects which are technological, manpower,
   and marketing.  The output shows the highest point is 312,209 times higher
   in 2050 than the initial point.  This shows the budget increasing for the NT
   area in industry as well as academics.  Copyright © Taylor and Francis
   Group, LLC.
DE accumulation; atomic nanotechnology; feedback; simulation; system dynamics;
   vensim
ID commerce; feedback; marketing; system theory; accumulation; financial
   modeling; marketing innovations; reliable results; science and technology;
   simulation; system dynamics; vensim; nanotechnology

---

UT 991
AR Liu S, 2017, IEEE INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN ICCC, V2018-January, P2629, DOI
   10.1109/CompComm.2017.8323010
TI A framework analysis of personalized recommendation system with media tags
AU Liu S; Dong Y/4; Chai J
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN ICCC
PY 2017
AB On the basis of the research on the recommendation of media information
   resources based on tags, this paper uses the theories of system dynamics and
   data mining, to study the formation mechanism and influencing factors of
   recommendation system of media information resources, and to construct the
   system dynamics model of dynamic media recommendation system based on tags.
   Moreover, Vensim PLE software is used to simulate and test the model, which
   further gives insights about how user's adoption situation, density and
   centrality affect the media recommendation system.  © 2017 IEEE.
DE media resource; personalized recommendation; system dynamics
ID computation theory; data mining; software testing; system theory; formation
   mechanism; information resource; media recommendations; medium resource;
   modeling of dynamics; personalized recommendation; personalized
   recommendation systems; resources based; system dynamics; system dynamics
   modeling; recommender systems

---

UT 992
AR You MJ, 2019, J KOREAN ACAD NURS, V49, P398, DOI 10.4040/jkan.2019.49.4.398
TI Development of a quantitative model on adolescent cyberbullying victims in
   Korea: A system dynamics approach
AU You MJ; Ham EM
TC 0
SO J KOREAN ACAD NURS
PY 2019
AB Purpose: This study used a system dynamics methodology to identify
   correlation and nonlinear feedback structures among factors affecting
   adolescent cyberbullying victims (CV) in Korea and to construct and verify a
   simulation model.  Methods: Factors affecting CV were identified by
   reviewing a theoretical background in existing literature and referencing
   various statistical data.  Related variables were identified through content
   validity verification by an expert group, after which a causal loop diagram
   (CLD) was constructed based on the variables.  A stock-flow diagram (SFD)
   using Vensim Professional 7.3 was used to establish a CV model.  Results:
   Based on the literature review and expert verification, 22 variables
   associated with CV were identified and the CLD was prepared.  Next, a model
   was developed by converting the CLD to an SFD. The simulation results showed
   that the variables such as negative emotions, stress levels, high levels of
   conflict in schools, parental monitoring, and time spent using new media had
   the strongest effects on CV. The model’s validity was verified using
   equation check, sensitivity analysis for time-step and simulation with 4 CV
   adolescent.  Conclusion: The system dynamics model constructed in this study
   can be used to develop intervention strategies in schools that are focused
   on counseling that can prevent cyberbullying and assist in the victims’
   recovery by formulating a feedback structure and capturing the dynamic
   changes observed in CV. To prevent cyberbullying, it is necessary to develop
   more effective strategies such as prevention education, counseling and
   treatment that considers factors pertaining to the individual, family,
   school, and media.  © 2019 Korean Society of Nursing Science.
DE adolescent; bullying; nonlinear dynamics
ID adolescent; cyberbullying; female; humans; male; models theoretical;
   psychology adolescent; republic of korea; stress psychological; adolescent;
   article; case report; clinical article; content validity; counseling;
   cyberbullying; education; female; human; human experiment; korea; male;
   nonlinear system; quantitative analysis; sensitivity analysis; simulation;
   stress; theoretical study; victim; child psychology; mental stress;
   prevention and control; south korea; theoretical model

---

UT 993
AR Zhang L/2, 2017, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V502, P71, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-10-1837-4_7
TI Exploring the most important factor of chinese sports charity by using
   system dynamics simulation
AU Zhang L/2; Hu J/1
TC 0
SO ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT
PY 2017
AB The development of Chinese sports charity has a long way to go to catch up
   the steps of that in developed countries.  Although it has attracted a lot
   of attention in recent years, there is still a lack of research conducting
   analyses using a comprehensive approach that takes the sports charity into
   account.  The purpose of this paper is to explore the most important factor
   that affecting the Chinese sports charity.  For this purpose System Dynamics
   is used, because this approach is brilliant at dealing with the complex
   systems and enables one to capture the critical factor in system.  Hence,
   through the software Vensim 5.4a PLE, this paper constructs the Chinese
   sports charity system model by the system dynamics method and predicts the
   future trend covered from 2005 to 2050 in this area by computer simulation.
   In addition, three experiments further reveal the primary factors affecting
   sports charity.  The results show that strengthening citizen’s consciousness
   of dedication ismore efficient than using benefit incentive measures on
   promoting the development level of sports charity.  The paper contributes to
   a better understanding of sports charity system.  Suggestions are made for
   motivating more people to participate in sports charity.  © Springer
   Science+Business Media Singapore 2017.
DE simulation; sports charitable consciousness; sports charity; system dynamics
ID computer software; management science; system theory; critical factors;
   developed countries; incentive measures; primary factors; simulation; system
   dynamics; system dynamics simulation; system modeling; sports

---

UT 994
AR He S, 2016, DISCRET DYN NAT SOC, V2016, DOI 10.1155/2016/7646248
TI The Government's environment policy index impact on recycler behavior in
   electronic products closed-loop supply chain
AU He S; Yuan X; Zhang X
TC 13
SO DISCRET DYN NAT SOC
PY 2016
AB We establish the model of multilevel closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) which
   included raw material supplier, manufacturer, distributor, retailer, and
   third-party recycler based on system dynamics (SD). Considering factors
   which influence recycler behavior-environmental policy index and recovery
   delay, we apply SD software - Vensim - to simulate CLSC model and study
   recycler behavior's influence on the entire CLSC through calculating the
   bullwhip effect of all levels members order rate.  Research shows that (1)
   the larger the environmental policy index, the greater the recycle
   proportion and the better the effect of weakening retailer's order rate in
   forward supply chain, which however, increasingly, strengthen the reverse
   supply chain bullwhip effect, (2) the shorter the recovery delay, the better
   the effect of weakening the forward supply chain bullwhip effect and the
   longer the recovery delay, which increasingly weakens the reverse supply
   chain bullwhip effect, and (3) the effect of environmental policy index on
   the bullwhip effect of all levels members order rate is more significant
   than recovery delay.  © 2016 Suchao He et al.

---

UT 995
AR Wang L/3, 2018, ZONGGUO GONGLU XUEBAO, V31, P181
TI Study on System Dynamics Simulation of Road Dangerous Cargo Transportation;
   [道路危险货物运输的系统动力学仿真研究]
AU Wang L/3; Hua J; Yang Y-F; Liu H-X; Zhu T/1
TC 3
SO ZONGGUO GONGLU XUEBAO
PY 2018
AB The management of road dangerous cargo transportation is an important
   content of road transportation management.  To study the interaction between
   supply and demand of all kinds of dangerous cargo and social economy
   development, based on system dynamics theory, this paper firstly determined
   the boundary of road transportation system of dangerous cargo, and divided
   the system into subsystems of capacity and demand and introduced the supply
   and demand coefficient of dangerous cargo.  The causality diagram was set up
   to explore the positive and negative feedback relations between the various
   factors.  Secondly, the supply and demand coefficient of dangerous cargo was
   introduced to establish the flow diagram.  By establishing the main variable
   equations, the linear relation and nonlinear relation between the factors in
   the system were expressed.  The model was tested, including authenticity
   test and sensitivity analysis.  Finally, the initial values were set.  The
   model was set up to study the feasible strategies of making the behavior
   patterns of supply and demand coefficient stable.  Taking gas transportation
   in Huizhou City, Guangdong Province as an example, the main factors
   affecting the coefficient were analyzed to simulate the model.  7 policy
   scenarios were set up, and the software named VENSIM was used for simulation
   The results show that increasing the utilization degree and transportation
   efficiency of vehicles can effectively improve the coefficient.  Increasing
   the tonnage of transport vehicles and adjusting the capacity structure of
   dangerous cargo can improve the situation on supply and demand and increase
   the coefficient.  After increasing capacity, the behavior pattern of supply
   and demand coefficient tends to be stable.  Comprehensive regulation is
   better to improve the performance of the behavior pattern of supply and
   demand coefficient.  The model can effectively simulate the management
   control strategy and provide support for the improvement and improvement of
   road transportation management department.  © 2018, Editorial Department of
   China Journal of Highway and Transport.  All right reserved.
DE dangerous cargo transportation; simulation; supply and demand relationship;
   system dynamics; traffic engineering
ID computer software; economics; feedback; highway administration; highway
   planning; industrial management; motor transportation; nonlinear equations;
   professional aspects; roads and streets; sensitivity analysis; system
   theory; dangerous cargos; simulation; supply and demand; system dynamics;
   traffic engineering; freight transportation

---

UT 996
AR Lyu H, 2017, ENERGY PROCEDIA, V105, P3960, DOI 10.1016/j.egypro.2017.03.823
TI Research on Chinese Solar Photovoltaic Development Based on Green-trading
   Mechanisms in Power System by Using a System Dynamics Model
AU Lyu H; Li H/4; Wallin F; Xv B
TC 9
SO ENERGY PROCEDIA
PY 2017
AB China power year book in 2014 set the target of 300GW of PV installed
   capacity in 2030. Solar photovoltaic (PV) has shown a significant rise
   because of green-trading mechanisms.  This study focuses on feed in tariff
   (FIT) and renewable portfolio standard (RPS). The objective of these two
   policies is attracting the public to invest in and to use solar PV system.
   Based on the experience of Germany about FIT, this paper aims to evaluate
   the FIT and RPS policies in promoting installed PV capacity in China.  A
   system dynamics (SD) model of PV system that includes FIT, RPS, PV cost, and
   installed capacity is built in this study.  By using Vensim-DSS software,
   this paper assesses the effect of different combinations of policies on
   installed capacity of PV and emission reduction, and finds optimal policy
   combination.  The results show that all four scenarios can reach the target
   of 300 GW in 2030. The government cost of optimal scenario will be 251
   billion RMB less than the scenario of historical trend.  © 2017 The Authors.
   Published by Elsevier Ltd.
DE feed-in tarrif; renewable portfolio standard; solar pv; tradable green
   certificate
ID commerce; diffusers ( optical ); emission control; solar concentrators;
   system theory; emission reduction; feed-in tarrif; modeling of pv systems;
   renewable portfolio standard; solar photovoltaics; solar pvs; system
   dynamics model; tradable green certificates; solar power generation

---

UT 997
AR Marzouk M, 2014, RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL, V82, P41, DOI
   10.1016/j.resconrec.2013.10.015
TI Environmental and economic impact assessment of construction and demolition
   waste disposal using system dynamics
AU Marzouk M; Azab S
TC 351
SO RESOUR CONSERV RECYCL
PY 2014
AB Construction and demolition wastes (CDW) have increasingly serious problems
   in environmental, social, and economic realms.  There is no coherent
   framework for utilization of these wastes which are disposed both legally
   and illegally.  This harms the environment, contributes to the increase of
   energy consumption, and depletes finite landfills resources.  The aim of
   this paper is to evaluate the impacts of two alternatives for the management
   of CDW, recycling and disposing.  The evaluation is carried out through
   developing a dynamic model with aid STELLA software by conducting the
   following steps: (1) quantifying the total cost incurred to mitigate the
   impacts of CDW landfills and uncollected waste on the environment and human
   health; (2) quantifying the total avoided emissions and saved energy by
   recycling waste; (3) estimating total external cost saved by recycling waste
   and; (4) providing a decision support tool that helps in re-thinking about
   waste disposal.  The proposed evaluation methodology allows activating the
   stringent regulations that restrict waste disposal and developing incentives
   to encourage constructors to recycle their wastes.  The research findings
   show that recycling CDW leads to significant reductions in emissions, energy
   use, global warming potential (GWP), and conserves landfills space when
   compared to disposal of wastes in landfills.  Furthermore, the cost of
   mitigating the impact of disposal is extremely high.  Therefore, it is
   necessary to recycle construction and demolition wastes.  © 2013 Elsevier
   B.V. All rights reserved.
DE construction and demolition wastes ( cdw ); environmental and economic
   impact assessment; global warming potential ( gwp ); pollutant emissions;
   system dynamics modeling; waste recycling
ID charge density waves; decision support systems; demolition; energy
   utilization; global warming; land fill; recycling; system theory; waste
   utilization; construction and demolition waste; environmental and economic
   impacts; global warming potential; pollutant emission; system dynamics
   model; waste recycling; computer simulation; construction; demolition;
   economic impact; environmental impact; environmental modeling; global
   warming; recycling; software; waste disposal; waste management; air
   pollution control; article; computer program; construction and demolition
   waste; cost benefit analysis; cost control; decision support system;
   economic aspect; energy conservation; environmental impact assessment;
   environmental protection; greenhouse effect; industrial waste; landfill;
   public health; quantitative analysis; recycling; waste disposal; economic
   and social effects

---

UT 998
AR Sjaifuddin S, 2020, IND ENG MANAG SYST, V19, P211, DOI
   10.7232/iems.2020.19.1.211
TI Environmental management of industrial estate based on eco-industrial parks:
   A system dynamics modeling
AU Sjaifuddin S
TC 10
SO IND ENG MANAG SYST
PY 2020
AB This research aims to develop a dynamic model of environmental management of
   Modern Cikande Industrial Estate Indonesia based on eco-industrial parks.
   The model is designed using a system dynamics approach with Powersim Studio
   7 Express software.  It is simulated using 3 scenarios: 1) business as
   usual, which is oriented towards economic growth only; 2) conservationism,
   which is just oriented to environmental protection; and 3) new urbanism,
   which is oriented to the integration of economic growth and environmental
   protection.  The use of system dynamics in modeling eco-industrial parks is
   useful for elaborating future development opportunities.  A dynamic model
   built based on predetermined scenarios can be used as an alternative in
   decision making for managers and government.  The results show that new
   urbanism is the best scenario for this environmental management.  When it is
   compared to other scenarios, new urbanism has a significant impact on
   controlling the growth of industrial structures, restraining the decrease of
   land available for industries, managing the growth of raw input, decreasing
   waste quantity, bridling the need for water, escalating employment, and
   increasing contribution to regional income.  © 2020 KIIE.
DE eco-industrial parks; environmental management; system dynamics approach

---

UT 999
AR Fan J, 2020, ASIA-PACIFIC POW ENERGY ENG CONF APPEEC, V2020-September, DOI
   10.1109/APPEEC48164.2020.9220565
TI Analysis and Optimization of the Power Generation Right Transfer Mechanism
AU Fan J; Jiang Y; Wang Y/15; Ding Y; Liu X; Yao Y
TC 0
SO ASIA-PACIFIC POW ENERGY ENG CONF APPEEC
PY 2020
AB With the further development of China's electricity reform, the consumption
   of renewable energy in a market-oriented way has become an important goal.
   The transfer of power generation rights has become the most important form
   used by Chinese provinces.  This paper firstly analyzes the corresponding
   policy adopted in Jiangsu province and the framework of power generation
   right transfer trading, and then models and simulates the power generation
   right transfer trading market by using system dynamics through Vensim
   software.  Finally, the key factors influencing the development of renewable
   energy in the transfer market of power generation rights are analyzed and
   optimized.  According to this, some Suggestions are put forward to improve
   the market construction policy.  © 2020 IEEE.
DE market trading; optimization; power generation right; renewable energy;
   system dynamics
ID energy management; energy resources; engineering; china electricities;
   jiangsu province; renewable energies; system dynamics; transfer mechanisms;
   vensim softwares; commerce

---

UT 1000
AR Yuan H/1, 2012, WASTE MANAG, V32, P1218, DOI 10.1016/j.wasman.2012.01.028
TI A model for evaluating the social performance of construction waste
   management
AU Yuan H/1
TC 133
SO WASTE MANAG
PY 2012
AB It has been determined by existing literature that a lot of research efforts
   have been made to the economic performance of construction waste management
   (CWM), but less attention is paid to investigation of the social performance
   of CWM. This study therefore attempts to develop a model for quantitatively
   evaluating the social performance of CWM by using a system dynamics (SD)
   approach.  Firstly, major variables affecting the social performance of CWM
   are identified and a holistic system for assessing the social performance of
   CWM is formulated in line with feedback relationships underlying these
   variables.  The developed system is then converted into a SD model through
   the software iThink.  An empirical case study is finally conducted to
   demonstrate application of the model.  Results of model validation indicate
   that the model is robust and reasonable to reflect the situation of the real
   system under study.  Findings of the case study offer helpful insights into
   effectively promoting the social performance of CWM of the project
   investigated.  Furthermore, the model exhibits great potential to function
   as an experimental platform for dynamically evaluating effects of management
   measures on improving the social performance of CWM of construction
   projects.  © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
DE construction waste management; management measure; social performance;
   system dynamics
ID construction materials; industrial waste; models theoretical; social change;
   software; waste management; construction industry; research; system theory;
   waste management; construction projects; construction wastes; economic
   performance; empirical case-studies; experimental platform; in-line;
   management measures; model validation; real systems; research efforts;
   social performance; system dynamics; construction; empirical analysis;
   numerical model; quantitative analysis; waste management; article; building
   industry; building material; controlled study; environmental impact
   assessment; evaluation research; performance measurement system; pollution
   control; pollution monitoring; priority journal; process development;
   quantitative analysis; solid waste management; validation process; waste
   disposal; waste minimization; economic and social effects

---

UT 1001
AR Borja A, 2000, PERIOD BIOL, V102, P395
TI Modelling the management of clam (Ruditapes decussatus) exploitation in the
   Basque Country (Northern Spain)
AU Borja A; Bald J
TC 4
SO PERIOD BIOL
PY 2000
AB Some of the estuaries of the Basque Country (Northern Spain) have been areas
   of exploitation of clam populations, both by professional and illegal
   fishermen.  There is a real possibility of overfishing, therefore the
   Department of Fisheries of the Basque Government needs to: (a) understand
   the situation relating to these populations; and (b) provide a tool to
   establish the most adequate management for the exploitation of clams.  In
   order to simulate different alternatives for the exploitation, based upon
   scientific data on the population, the best tool available is a system
   dynamics model.  Here the VENSIM® model was employed, utilising data on clam
   populations: summer stock in the Plentzia estuary, in 1998; winter stock in
   1999; biomass in summer and winter; area occupied by the species; length and
   weight class distribution; number of fishermen; mean of biomass captured by
   the fishermen; natural mortality, by length class; maturation; fertility
   rate; etc.  There exist previous experiences in modelling clam exploitation
   in the Mundaka estuary (1). These experiences have been improved in this
   paper.  Following validation of the model, after running it for 1 and 10
   years, some cases were simulated.  This analysis was undertaken in order to
   establish the effect of modifying the number of fishermens, the aperture-
   close season of captures, and the minimum sustainable biomass.  This
   approach is an initial proposal, which tries to establish the sustainable
   exploitation of the clam populations in the Basque Country.

---

UT 1002
AR Briano E, 2009, EUR CONCURR ENG CONF ECEC - FUTUR BUS TECHNOL CONF FUBUTEC,
   P17
TI The maintenance management in the highway context: A system dynamics
   approach
AU Briano E; Caballini C; Revetria R
TC 4
SO EUR CONCURR ENG CONF ECEC - FUTUR BUS TECHNOL CONF FUBUTEC
PY 2009
AB Being a complex process and a predominant cost component, the maintenance
   management represents, for the highway context, one of the most critical
   aspects to take into account for a company concessionaire of the highway
   service.  This is even truer for difficult environments, such as the
   mountain one, where the particular geographical features requires stricter
   and more expensive maintenance plans.  The paper presents a real case study
   on the management of the maintenance operations for the A32 highway, which
   links the city of Turin with France, passing through the mountain range of
   Alps in the Italian territory.  Utilizing a system dynamics (SD) approach
   enabled by the Powersim software, a model of the particular maintenance
   system has been created and implemented.  Moreover, an optimization of the
   number of working yards, of the costs related to the total expenses of
   maintenance with particular regards to the penalties due to a failed respect
   of the imposed constraints, has been put into place.  In order to
   efficiently manage in real time the complex implemented model, an opportune
   decision cockpit has been developed and connected to a vast database filled
   with continuously updated data.  © 2009 EUROSIS-ETI.
DE decision cockpit; maintenance management; simulation; system dynamics
ID concurrent engineering; highway administration; highway planning; system
   theory; transportation; geographical features; maintenance management;
   maintenance operations; maintenance plans; maintenance systems; simulation;
   system dynamics; system dynamics approach; maintenance

---

UT 1003
AR Wang J-F, 2008, JIAOTONG YUNSHU XITONG GONGCHENG YU XINXI J TRANSP SYST ENG
   TECHNOL, V8, P83, DOI 10.1016/s1570-6672(08)60027-6
TI System dynamics model of urban transportation system and its application
AU Wang J-F; Lu H-P; Peng H
TC 171
SO JIAOTONG YUNSHU XITONG GONGCHENG YU XINXI J TRANSP SYST ENG TECHNOL
PY 2008
AB Urban transportation system is a complex system with multiple variables and
   nonlinear feedback loops and influenced by transportation, social,
   economical, and environmental factors.  Conventional transportation modeling
   approaches are unsuitable to simulate and evaluate its performance.  This
   paper presents a system dynamics approach based on the cause-and-effect
   analysis and feedback loop structures.  The proposed SD model comprises 7
   sub models: population, economic development, number of vehicles,
   environmental influence, travel demand, transport supply, and traffic
   congestion.  The model runs it!  Vensim PLE, software using the data from
   Dalian, China.  The coefficient of the intervention policy nf vehicle
   ownership is chosen as the control variable for simulation, and the impacts
   of different policy scenarios on urban development and transportation system
   are analyzed.  It suggests that Dalian should restrict the total number of
   vehicles to improve the sustainability of transportation system.
DE intervention policy; sustainability; system dynamics; urban transportation
   system; vehicle ownership
ID motor transportation; nonlinear feedback; sustainable development; system
   theory; systems engineering; traffic congestion; urban growth; vehicles;
   competition; dynamics; motor transportation; population statistics; traffic
   congestion; vehicles; cause-and-effect analysis; environmental influences;
   feedback loop structure; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; system
   dynamics model; urban transportation systems; vehicle ownership; complex
   systems; control variables; economic developments; effect analyzes;
   environmental factors; environmental influences; feedback loop structures;
   multiple variables; nonlinear feedbacks; number of vehicles; policy
   scenarios; sd models; software using; sustainability; system dynamics;
   system dynamics approaches; system dynamics models; transport supplies;
   transportation modeling; transportation systems; travel demands; urban
   developments; urban transportation system; urban transportation systems;
   vehicle ownership intervention policy; vehicle ownerships; urban
   transportation; transportation

---

UT 1004
AR Weiqiang J, 2008, INT CONF WIREL COMMUN NETW MOB COMPUT WICOM, DOI
   10.1109/WiCom.2008.1781
TI The system simulation study on the development strategy of military-civilian
   industry product fusion in military industry enterprises
AU Weiqiang J; Yunzhu W
TC 0
SO INT CONF WIREL COMMUN NETW MOB COMPUT WICOM
PY 2008
AB Based on the system analysis on Model of Military-Civilian Industry Product
   Fusion Development in Military Industry Enterprises, this paper builds the
   System Dynamics (SD) Mathematical Model which characterizes its development
   model.  By utilizing the Vensim software simulation and regulation analysis
   technology, it analyzes the main variables to affect the Military-Civilian
   Industry Product Fusion Development in Military Industry Enterprises,
   through the analysis it puts forward the corresponding management policy,
   which achieves the purpose of analyzing the management problems in Military
   Industry Enterprises effectively using the method of system science.  © 2008
   IEEE.
DE military industry enterprises; simulation analysis; system dynamics ( sd )
ID diffusers ( optical ); dynamics; functions; fusion reactions; industrial
   management; industry; mobile computing; modal analysis; planning; strategic
   planning; wireless networks; wireless telecommunication systems; civilian
   industries; development models; development strategies; management policies;
   management problems; military industries; military industry enterprises;
   simulation analysis; software simulations; system analysis; system dynamics
   ( sd ); system sciences; system simulations; mathematical models

---

UT 1005
AR Wang H/8, 2008, PROC - INT CONF INTELL COMPUT TECHNOL AUTOM ICICTA, V1,
   P920, DOI 10.1109/ICICTA.2008.166
TI Research on multi-system coupling system dynamics model simulation combining
   with fuzzy theory
AU Wang H/8; Dong Z/1; Wu Z
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF INTELL COMPUT TECHNOL AUTOM ICICTA
PY 2008
AB Water resources system is a multi-feedback and multi-interface nonlinear
   complicated system, in this paper system dynamics(SD) model is established
   using Vensim-Ple of SD software, in which water resources system couples
   with society economy and eco-environment system.  Fuzzy inference
   system(FIS) is embedded in SD model to analyze key model parameters
   uncertainty.  Taking Minqin oasis for example to validate this method, we
   simulate the response of water resources supply and demand to society
   economy changes.  According to key parameters uncertainty, FIS is feasible
   to solve uncertainty problem.  The simulation result indicates that, in this
   special research basin, uncertainty of increasing rate of population is
   small compared with the rate of industry output value; and response of water
   resources to society economy is small compared with agriculture, but
   considering parameter uncertainty is essential; SD model embedded in FIS is
   a effective way to analyzing deeply and understanding model.  © 2008 IEEE.
ID competition; diffusers ( optical ); dynamics; economics; fuzzy inference;
   fuzzy systems; uncertainty analysis; complicated systems; environment
   systems; fuzzy inference systems; fuzzy theories; key models; key
   parameters; minqin oases; output values; parameter uncertainties; sd models;
   simulation results; supply and demands; system couplings; system dynamics;
   uncertainty problems; water resources systems; water resources

---

UT 1006
AR Khan S, 2005, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC,
   P1963
TI Modeling water futures using food security and environmental sustainability
   approaches
AU Khan S; Mu J; Jamnani MAR; Hafeez M; Gao Z/2
TC 4
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC
PY 2005
AB Global water scarcity is becoming a constraint for human development.
   Therefore there is a need to enhance water productivity of the irrigated and
   rainfed agriculture to meet the increasing food demand due to the population
   growth.  This paper describes modeling efforts to assess present and future
   water needs for food, people and environment.  This exercise is being
   carried out by the International Commission on Irrigation and Drainage
   (ICID) in five countries, China, Egypt, India, Mexico, and Pakistan, which
   together cover 51% of irrigated area and 43% population in the world.  This
   paper presents two modeling frameworks including the food security approach
   of the International Water Management Institute (IWMI) through policy
   dialogue model (PODIUM), an environmental approach i.e.  the Basin wide
   Holistic Integrated Water Assessment (BHIWA) model and its system dynamic
   version using VenSim environment.  The two modeling approaches i.e.  the
   BHIWA and PODIUM can be used to simulate and analyze the impacts of land use
   and climate change impacts on water resources and eventually optimize the
   water allocations among agricultural, industrial, domestic, and
   environmental sectors within a basin context.  Both approaches described in
   this paper have shortcomings for exploring water futures of a country.
   BHIWA is not a distributed hydrologic model and cannot deal with each land
   use geographically distributed throughout the basin.  All such parcels need
   to be conceptually lumped into a single land use unit.  BHIWA model does not
   depict the spatial variations in rainfall, potential evapo-transpiration,
   intensities of cropping or irrigation as well as slow horizontal groundwater
   movement, from under one area to another.  The PODIUM model is based on
   accounting of more or less fixed contemn of "utilizable" surface and ground
   water resource.  The changes in the hydrology due to land use changes, and
   the resultant changes in the utilizable water are important when considering
   longer term scenarios.  This paper highlights the benefits and disadvantages
   of using these approaches through model applications in the Qiantang River
   basin in China.  The Qiantang River basin lies in the southeast of China and
   comes under a subtropical monsoon climate with four well-marked seasons.
   The average annual precipitation is between 1200 mm and 2200 mm, with annual
   evaporation ranging between 800 mm and 1000 mm.  On the basis of the model
   simulations presented in this paper it is concluded that the PODIUM model is
   strong at representing basin/country's food needs and associated use of
   "utilizable" surface and ground water resources but it does not depict the
   inter-relations between different hydrologic components e.g.  surface and
   ground water.  The BHIWA model developed by ICID aims to quantify water use
   by three sectors (i.e.  nature, food and people), therefore allows better
   understanding of impact of land use changes as well as soil and water
   conservation policies and programmes through the simulation of overall
   hydrologic cycle.  A system dynamics based representation of BHIWA model
   allows users to conceptualize, document, simulate, analyze, and optimize
   water management.  It can help to understand the most sensitive parameters
   for improving the water use efficiency at system scale.
DE bhiwa; environmental sustainability; food security; podium; vensim; water
   balance
ID climate change; computer simulation; decision making; environmental
   protection; food supply; geologic models; groundwater; groundwater
   resources; irrigation; land use; mathematical models; optimization;
   population statistics; rain; surface water resources; sustainable
   development; water management; water supply; watersheds; agricultural
   robots; behavioral research; climate change; food supply; groundwater;
   groundwater resources; horizontal wells; irrigation; land use; population
   statistics; soil conservation; surface water resources; sustainable
   development; water conservation; water management; watersheds; bhiwa;
   environmental sustainability; food security; podium; vensim; water balance;
   average annual precipitation; climate change impact; distributed hydrologic
   model; environmental sustainability; hydrologic components; international
   commission; subtropical monsoon climate; surface and ground waters; water
   conservation; decision making

---

UT 1007
AR Simonović SP, 2010, SYST APPROACH MANAG DISASTERS METHODS APPL, DOI
   10.1002/9780470890363
TI Systems Approach to Management of Disasters: Methods and Applications
AU Simonović SP
TC 73
SO SYST APPROACH MANAG DISASTERS METHODS APPL
PY 2010
AB The main goal of this text is to introduce the systems approach to disasters
   management community as an alternative approach that can provide support for
   interdisciplinary activities involved in the management of disasters.  The
   systems approach draws on the fields of operations research and economics to
   create skills in solving complex management problems.  The text is organized
   into four parts.  Part I provides an introductory discussion of disaster
   management including an overview of the main terms used.  Part II is devoted
   to the introduction of systems theory, mathematical formalization and
   classification of methods.  The material presented in this section should be
   of practical relevance during the process of selecting an appropriate tool
   for the solution of a problem.  Part III is technical in nature, providing a
   simulation approach and a detailed description of system dynamics
   simulation.  This section details two areas of application: flood evacuation
   simulation, and disaster risk assessment.  Part IV ends with a chapter
   covering steps to improve disaster management.  Finally parts of the book
   can be used as a tool for specialized short courses for practitioners.  For
   example a course on 'System analysis for emergency management optimization'
   could be based on Chapters 3, 4 and parts of Chapter 6. Included in the book
   is a CD with three computer programs Vensim PLE, LINPRO, and COMPRO. Vensim
   PLE (Personal Learning Edition) is state-of-the-art simulation software used
   for the implementation of system dynamics simulation.  The other two
   programs are: LINPRO, a linear programming optimization tool; and COMPRO,
   for the implementation of the multi-objective analysis tool of compromise
   programming.  © 2011 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.

---

UT 1008
AR Bell MGH, 1997, TRAFFIC ENG CONTROL, V38, P666
TI Does traffic restraint concentrate or disperse activities?
AU Bell MGH
TC 1
SO TRAFFIC ENG CONTROL
PY 1997
AB A number of cities are contemplating the intensification of traffic
   restraint through the implementation of cordon toll or access control
   schemes.  However, there is some disquiet about the potential long-term
   impact of such schemes on the ability of the restrained area to attract and
   retain homes and jobs, particularly in those cities afflicted by urban
   decay.  This paper focuses on the economic incentives created by cordon
   tolls and access controls.  A simple two-zone model is described, the inner
   zone representing the restrained area and the outer zone the surrounding
   region.  Home and job allocation is treated as a Murkov process where the
   transition probabilities depend on the travel costs which in turn depend on
   the extent of congestion and the level of car dependency.  The model is
   implemented using the POWERSIM system dynamics software tool.  The results
   suggest that cordon tolls and access controls are likely to concentrate
   homes and jobs within the restrained area, provided sufficient non-car
   transport facilities are provided there.  Other factors, such as the quality
   of the urban environment, rerouteing of through traffic and the efficiency
   of public transport services, accentuate the centralising tendency.
ID economic impact; land use pattern; modeling approach; traffic management;
   transport policy; urban land use

---

UT 1009
AR Lazanski TJ, 2006, KYBERNETES, V35, P1048, DOI 10.1108/03684920610684779
TI Systems approach to complex systems modelling with special regards to
   tourism
AU Lazanski TJ; Kljajić M
TC 40
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2006
AB Purpose - The importance of context dependent modelling of complex systems,
   depending on the observer's point of view will be discussed.  Thus, context
   is synonymous for the content of a problem in a frame of the goals, starting
   points and ways to achieve these aims.  In this light, difficulties of model
   validation and a general method how to overcome them was discussed.  The
   relations among subject - object - model in the light of a systems approach;
   Charles Sanders Peirce's triad principle and the semiotic principle of
   communication was presented.  Design/methodology/approach - The
   appropriateness of a system dynamics methodology, which is due to its
   transparency and clarity an excellent tool for modelling of complex systems.
   Findings - In the paper the equivalence of different methodologies was
   shown, whose differences and similarities can be judged only in context of a
   problem and the aims of researches.  For illustration, the methodology is
   applied to a tourism system, which possesses the typical properties of
   global and local organisations.  A verbal description of a tourism problem
   is followed by a causal loop diagram, which helps to discuss the problem
   categorically.  Practical implications - As the methodology is implemented
   using quantitative model and POWERSIM tools; it offers the solution of
   national tourism strategy implication, selected from different scenarios.
   Originality/value - This paper presents a simulation model of the tourism in
   a frame of system dynamics, developed from qualitative models, as an
   illustration of the discussed methodology.  © Emerald Group Publishing
   Limited.
DE cybernetics; modeling; systems theory; tourism
ID cybernetics; models; causal loop diagrams; context dependent;
   design/methodology/approach; qualitative model; quantitative modeling;
   systems modeling; tourism; typical properties; system theory

---

UT 1010
AR Stouten H, 2008, AQUAT LIVING RESOUR, V21, P247, DOI 10.1051/alr:2008037
TI The effect of restrictive policy instruments on Belgian fishing fleet
   dynamics
AU Stouten H; Heene A; Gellynck X; Polet H
TC 4
SO AQUAT LIVING RESOUR
PY 2008
AB Even with the rapid changes in the level of complexity and the uncertainty
   of the environment in which Belgian sea fisheries operate, fisheries
   management in Belgium is still mainly based on restrictive policy
   instruments founded in the biological approach of fisheries management
   science.  Since they will continue to play an important role, this paper
   evaluated changes in three restrictive policy instruments and their effect
   on future fleet performance and dynamics, i.e.  maximum fishing days, total
   quota-restrictions and licences.  These effects are tested through scenarios
   in a microeconomic simulation model, including sensitivity analysis.  This
   study opts for a dynamic simulation model based on a microeconomic approach
   of fleet dynamics using system dynamics as a modelling technique
   (operational base: Vensim®DSS). The results indicated that changes in
   maximum fishing days and total quota resulted in higher fluctuations in
   fleet performance and dynamics compared to changes in licences.
   Furthermore, changes in maximum fishing days and total quota had a direct
   impact on fleet performance, though not always as expected, whereas licences
   only affected fleet performance indirectly since they only limit the entry
   of new vessels to the fleet and they can block the growth of successful sub
   fleets.  The outcomes of this study are translated into practical
   recommendations for improving fisheries management.  Firstly, policy makers
   need to be more aware of misperceptions of feedback.  Secondly, the results
   proved that altering only one type of restrictive policy instrument at a
   time often fails to meet desired outcomes.  Therefore, policy makers need to
   find a balance in combining policy instruments.  Finally, this paper opens
   the discussion on the future value of restrictive policy instruments in the
   rapidly changing, complex and uncertain fisheries environment.  It suggests
   rethinking their use from "preserving a status quo and social peace" toward
   a driving factor in "stimulating fleet dynamics". © 2008 EDP Sciences
   IFREMER IRD.
DE fisheries management; fleet dynamics; fleet performance; restrictive policy
   instruments; sensitivity simulation; system dynamics
ID belgium; benelux; eurasia; europe; western europe; complexity; fishery
   management; fishery policy; modeling; performance assessment; sensitivity
   analysis

---

UT 1011
AR Aggarwal D, 2004, INTERACT MULTIMED ELECTRON J COMP ENHANC LEARN, V6
TI Simulation game for peach retail ordering systems
AU Aggarwal D; Prussia SE; Florkowski WJ; Lynd D
TC 7
SO INTERACT MULTIMED ELECTRON J COMP ENHANC LEARN
PY 2004
AB The development of computer-mediated simulation game, for peach retail
   ordering system, in the Windows environment is discussed.  The game uses
   stella software to model the system and to develop the simulation equations.
   The game is developed with the complicated needs of the producer sector in
   the mind, combines system dynamics and systems thinking, to model and
   simulate the essential elements responsible for meeting consumer demand.
   The game can be used as a teaching tool by marketing, postharvest
   engineering, biology students and as a training tool by produce department
   personnel in retail outlets to understand the dynamics of supply chains in
   the post harvest marketing system.
ID computer simulation; flight simulators; interactive computer graphics;
   marketing; personal computers; personnel; personnel training; retail stores;
   students; teaching; virtual reality; business management; postharvest
   engineering; simulation equations; supply chain systems; computer software

---

UT 1012
AR Chen KC, 2004, J COMPUT SYST, V45, P104
TI Decision support system for tourism development: System dynamics approach
AU Chen KC
TC 31
SO J COMPUT SYST
PY 2004
AB A natural resource-based tourism decision support system (NRBTDSS) has been
   developed to simulate visitor dynamics in response to different
   environmental changes and investment policy scenarios.  NRBTDSS is a system
   dynamics based interactive decision support system.  It is designed in
   Powersim program and contains 5 sectors of natural resource based tourism
   regional system information, which are interlined.  The model predicts
   visitor dynamics and economic income.  NRBTDSS is interactive and easy to
   use; it is also a useful tool for both research and education.  This paper
   introduces the methods of tourism decision support system development,
   presents the decision model structure, demonstrates a sample simulation
   using the system, and discusses the validation and utilities of the system
   as well as means to expand the system in the future.
DE economic income; natural resource-based tourism; system dynamics; visitor
ID behavioral research; economic and social effects; economics; interactive
   devices; investments; natural resources; sustainable development; economic
   income; natural resource-based tourism; system dynamics; visitors; decision
   support systems

---

UT 1013
AR Bauer C, 2005, SIMUL WIDER EUR - EUR CONF MODEL SIMUL ECMS, P320
TI Component-based composition of System Dynamics models
AU Bauer C; Bodendorf F
TC 1
SO SIMUL WIDER EUR - EUR CONF MODEL SIMUL ECMS
PY 2005
AB An approach using component technology for the development of System
   Dynamics models is introduced.  At first a brief introduction of System
   Dynamics and its modeling elements is given.  The representation of System
   Dynamics models in Vensim, an interactive software environment for the
   handling of such models, is described.  On this basis the paper provides a
   concept for component development and model composition.  The concept is
   basic and independent from any problem or domain specific context.  An
   example depicts the appliance of the concept to a given problem domain
   explaining the usage of domain specific model design patterns and
   components.  Finally a prototype system to support component-based modeling
   is described.  © ECMS, 2005.
DE component technology; model composition; simulation framework; software
   tool; system dynamics
ID computer aided software engineering; computer software; system theory;
   component technologies; model composition; simulation framework; software
   tool; system dynamics; computer simulation

---

UT 1014
AR Adriano-Moran J, 2005, TECHNOL HEAL CARE, V13, P355
TI A web-based decision support system for modelling telecare
AU Adriano-Moran J; Leicester H; Roudsari A
TC 1
SO TECHNOL HEAL CARE
PY 2005
AB Introduction: The integration of new healthcare services based on ICT
   systems have shown not to be an easy task.  Several barriers [1] are often
   highlighted as obstacles.  To be successful in the operation of home based
   monitoring systems (telecare), it is required that feasibility studies are
   to be carried out in advance.  Pilot projects can be implemented to capture
   organisational changes, direct benefits, and economic implications caused by
   the adoption of such systems in the medical practice.  However, these
   complex projects may not be replicable and imply extra costs and time.  The
   design of a Web-Based Decision Support System (DSS) Tool, that allows
   analysing and planning telecare projects under different scenarios before
   they are adopted within the Healthcare System would be cost effective.  As a
   first step towards developing the DDS tool, this paper reports an insight on
   System Dynamics (SD) approach applied to a novel telecare service, part of
   an EU funded project (the REALITY project). Methods: Three countries were
   involved in the REALITY project and data of various medical conditions were
   collected for further analysis and model implementation.  Patients were
   trained with handheld monitoring devices linked to local medical centres via
   the internet.  Supplementary description of this project has been described
   somewhere else [2]. Data collected from asthma patients e.g.  peak flows,
   drugs ingested, sleep quality and several symptoms were used for feeding the
   "rates" and "stocks" of the SD model.  Simulations and Analysis of the
   system were achieved using iThink software and graphical comparisons were
   made between data collected and simulation results.  Results: A SD Model
   consisted in three phases, recruitment, training, and service in operation,
   was obtained.  Positive and negative feedback loops were identified and
   model validation was achieved using the global service of use in four
   different sites.  There is uncertainty about GP's system frequency of use,
   at a first glance, there was a few server activity indicated by GPs.  We are
   still analysing data for understanding and completion of the model.
   Discussion: Currently, SD is been used in waiting list analysis, social and
   health care policies, and disease modelling in the UK. Implementation of
   systems methodology in the telemedicine field has been suggested before [3],
   but little work has been done on the formal modelling of telecare [4,5].
   Capturing the behaviour of telecare within the Healthcare sector, through a
   Decision Support System, may be a suitable option to understand, analyse,
   and predict organisational healthcare changes.  It is highly desirable, a
   simulation tool that allows the evaluation of decisions and policies in a
   safe, fast, and low cost environment.  We propose a SD model that will be
   able to trace for factors of success, failure, and systemic effects.
ID asthma; computer program; conference paper; decision support system; health
   service; human; internet; medical education; microcomputer; priority
   journal; simulation; telemedicine

---

UT 1015
AR Dudley RG, 2004, J SUSTAIN, V19, P31, DOI 10.1300/J091v19n01_03
TI A system dynamics examination of the willingness of villagers to engage in
   illegal logging
AU Dudley RG
TC 16
SO J SUSTAIN
PY 2004
AB Much of the work of illegal logging in Indonesia is carried out by
   villagers.  Several factors determine villagers' willingness to participate
   in such activities.  Chief among these are: (1) the need for income, (2) the
   fact that other villagers (and non-villagers) are already illegally logging,
   and (3) the realization of loss of community control over traditional forest
   areas.  These factors form the basis of feedback loops, which trap villagers
   in illegal logging systems, which will likely result in the disappearance of
   a major source of livelihood, Ideas for system dynamics model structure were
   obtained from field reports and interviews with stakeholders.  These ideas
   were examined using causal loop diagrams to represent different views of
   illegal logging.  One village level view was formulated as a quantified
   system dynamics model using Vensim software.  The model allows examination
   of scenarios, which might alter system behavior.  The model is a tool for
   understanding consequences of various proposed strategies to control illegal
   logging.  These strategies include enforcement of laws, strengthening of
   community rights, the prevention of outside labor in local forests, and the
   provision of alternate sources of income.  This is part of a larger effort
   to describe and analyze illegal logging using system dynamics modeling.  ©
   2004 by The Haworth Press, Inc.  All rights reserved.
DE illegal logging; indonesia; system dynamics modeling; villagers
ID computer programs; forestry; logging; regulations; asia; eastern hemisphere;
   eurasia; indonesia; southeast asia; world; computer simulation; forestry;
   laws and legislation; software engineering; systems analysis; behavioral
   response; logging ( timber ); modeling; nature-society relations; rural
   population; feedback loops; illegal logging; system dynamics; villagers;
   logging ( forestry )

---

UT 1016
AR Yu C-H, 2003, J CHIN INST ENG TRANS CHIN INST ENG SER, V26, P607, DOI
   10.1080/02533839.2003.9670815
TI Development of a system dynamics model for sustainable land use management
AU Yu C-H; Chen C-H; Lin C-F; Liaw S-L/1
TC 31
SO J CHIN INST ENG TRANS CHIN INST ENG SER
PY 2003
AB The current land use management framework considers economic, social, and
   environmental influences individually, making it difficult to achieve
   sustainable development.  Therefore, this study aims to develop a system
   dynamics model to help decision makers to integrally and systematically
   consider the components and interactions in land use management.  Based on
   the concept of sustainable development, this study uses systems thinking to
   develop dynamics of sustainable land use management in a river basin, which
   considers human activities, land resources, water resources, and air
   resources integrally.  Furthermore, this study uses the concept of driving
   forcestate-response to establish a conceptual dynamics framework for
   sustainable land use management.  Because of the complicated interactions
   among the above components and iterative decision-making procedures, this
   study uses Vensim software and the concept of object-oriented programming to
   develop a sustainable land use management system dynamics model (SLUMSD
   model) based on the conceptual dynamics framework.  The Nankan river basin
   is used as a case study to illustrate the capability of the SLUMSD model.
   The case study indicates that the interactions among the components in
   sustainable land use management can be effectively identified in the SLUMSD
   model.  While planning strategies for sustainable land use management,
   decision-makers can use the SLUMSD model to understand how the components
   vary with different alternatives.  Using the SLUMSD model to iteratively
   modify alternatives can ensure appropriate decision-making in sustainable
   land use management.  © 2003, Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
DE dsr framework; object oriented programming; sustainable land use management;
   system dynamics model; systems thinking
ID decision making; economic and social effects; land use; mathematical models;
   object oriented programming; sustainable development; sustainable land use
   management; system dynamics; systems thinking; systems analysis

---

UT 1017
AR Yang D-S, 2009, BEIJING GONGYE DAXUE XUEBAO J BEIJING UNIV TECHNOL, V35,
   P140
TI System dynamic analysis of university-industry cooperation
AU Yang D-S; Zhang Y-A
TC 3
SO BEIJING GONGYE DAXUE XUEBAO J BEIJING UNIV TECHNOL
PY 2009
AB Based on the theory and method of system dynamics (SD), the elementary
   characteristic and evolution of university-industry cooperation was studied
   in this paper.  According to these analyses, the SD model was set up, which
   was running with Vensim software.  The results of simulation showed that
   enterprises took the principal part during the cooperation and factors such
   as invest ratio of R&D had certain effect on the evolution of university-
   industry cooperation.
DE simulation; system dynamics; university-industry cooperation; vensim
ID diffusers ( optical ); dynamic analysis; dynamics; simulation; system
   dynamics; theory and methods; university-industry cooperation; vensim;
   computer software

---

UT 1018
AR Prokhoda-Shumskih L, 2007, PROC INT CONF MEDITERR COAST ENV MEDCOAST, V2,
   P1207
TI Dynamic modelling of coastal water quality
AU Prokhoda-Shumskih L; Dreizis Y; Kantardgi I
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF MEDITERR COAST ENV MEDCOAST
PY 2007
AB Growth of anthropogenic load on a coastal zone of the sea in the last years
   in connection with increase in number of tourists and building of coastal
   structures has led to an aggravation of many environmental problems.  The
   majority of them are connected with the sea water quality control.  Possible
   prospects of their solution are connected with realization of the concept of
   "sustainable development" - sustainable coexistence of mankind and the
   nature, and the basic method of that is the water quality modelling.  A
   plenty of parameters is used to provide the fullness and objectivity of the
   estimation of quality of superficial waters now.  The choice of important
   for application of 10 parameters from 40-45 proves in the presented model.
   To increase the accuracy and informative of forecasts for the coastal zone
   conditions the system-dynamic model has been developed, what allows to
   estimate the quality of the sea water, including that in the semi-enclosed
   coastal water areas with the limited water exchange.  The model of water
   quality in the coastal zone includes the equations of deposit concentration
   changes and chemical substances evolution in the studied areas.  The model
   incorporates joint description of cycles of two biogenic elements - nitrogen
   and phosphorus.  The system is completely defined by the biogeochemical
   reactions.  The sizes of such water areas allow the applying the full mixing
   and zero-dimensional models of water quality.  The circulation of water
   inside the area is taken into account additionally.  Water exchange in the
   semi-enclosed coastal water areas is defined by the discharge through the
   open parts of area border.  The novelty of the offered model is its
   adaptation to the specific conditions of semi-enclosed coastal water areas.
   Then the coastal engineering projects which include the effects of partly
   enclosed by structure areas with limited water exchange and high intensity
   of pollution concern.  At the same time, the model contains details of the
   biogeochemical processes to complete modelling of the water quality.  The
   developed system dynamics model is realized in the PowerSim Studio media.
   The data of natural measurements of water quality are applied for the model
   verification, and the correlated numerical results for the Russian Black Sea
   coast are presented.  The including of the coastal water quality model into
   the procedures of the integrated coastal area management is also discussed.
ID biogeochemistry; coastal engineering; coastal zones; seawater; water
   quality; biogeochemical process; biogeochemical reactions; environmental
   problems; estimation of qualities; model of water quality; nitrogen and
   phosphorus; water quality modeling; zero-dimensional models; water pollution

---

UT 1019
AR Caballero Y, 2004, HYDROL PROCESS, V18, P939, DOI 10.1002/hyp.1339
TI Flow modelling in a high mountain valley equipped with hydropower plants:
   Rio Zongo Valley, Cordillera Real, Bolivia
AU Caballero Y; Chevallier P; Gallaire R; Pillco R
TC 24
SO HYDROL PROCESS
PY 2004
AB Water management modelling of a hydroelectric system in a tropical high
   mountain context is presented.  The study zone and the hydraulic network are
   described and the water management strategy analysed.  Three different
   models are combined to describe the complexity of the specific
   hydrometeorological context: the spatial distribution of the climatic data
   over the river basin, the surface energy balance influence on the runoff
   production of a river basin and the surface flow transfer modelling through
   a hydraulic system.  The atmospheric forcing spatial distribution is derived
   from the available climatic data records.  The runoff production on the
   catchment's slopes is simulated using the land-surface scheme ISBA. The
   system dynamics tool Vensim® is used to simulate the hydraulic dynamics in
   the hydropower plants system.  A short description of the three modelling
   methods is given, followed by the description of the coupled model
   construction.  The simulation results of the ISBA land-surface scheme on
   both a non-glacial an a glacial sub-basin during a 17 month period are
   presented.  After pointing out the necessity of the water management model
   to simulate the river discharge at the outlet of the basin, the main
   reservoirs, simulated water level variations are shown.  © 2004 John Wiley
   and Sons, Ltd.
DE andes cordillera; hydraulic and hydrologie modeling; hydropower plant;
   surface scheme; system dynamics; tropical glacier
ID flow modeling; hydroelectric power plant; mountain; reservoir; runoff; water
   management; computational complexity; computer simulation; hydraulics;
   reservoirs ( water ); strategic planning; water conservation; high valley
   mountains; hydropower plants; hydroelectric power plants

---

UT 1020
AR Šestan L, 2007, RAD, V42 42, P19
TI The development of the simulation model of an even-aged forest; [Razvoj
   simulacijskog modela regularne šume]
AU Šestan L; Čavlović J
TC 2
SO RAD
PY 2007
AB System Dynamics is a methodology for research, modelling, simulation and
   optimisation of the complex dynamical systems, whose first phase of
   development was characterized by its author Prof.  Jay Forrester.  Further
   development of System Dynamics expands its application to different systems,
   such as different types of forests.  The subject of this work is to present
   the methodology which enables the creation of the dynamic system of an even-
   aged forest, based on the system analysis and system dynamics.  The research
   was carried out in the area of Zagreb Forest district, Novoselec Forest
   office, Management unit «Marča». The required data are provided on the basis
   of the forest inventory data, collected in 2001 during the elaboration of
   the management plan for management unit «Marča». Gathered and processed data
   have made it possible to build the verbal and conceptual - structural
   simulation model of the forest dynamic system, together with application of
   the system dynamics method in the analysis of the forest management.  The
   transfer of knowledge about the system is made with the use of computer
   software POWERSIM Studio 2003. The verification and the validation of the
   model were conducted.  The disproportion between the timeline of the
   existing management planning and the forest growth could be overcome with
   the use of the simulations, that is, System Dynamics method.  The completed
   models would ensure long-term planning and could be used as a supplement to
   the existing methods, all for the benefit of improving the control and
   quality of system management.  Finally, such a method of management planning
   would enable the realization of the sustainable forestry and the principles
   of sustainable development.  According to the opinion of the author, system
   of an even-aged forest belongs to nonlinear and complex area in which
   modelling with System Dynamics will give better results than the application
   of "classic" methods of prediction.
DE beech management class; mathematical computer model; modeling; simulation;
   system dynamics
ID fagus

---

UT 1021
AR Zhai C, 2009, INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMPUT INTELL AICI, V1, P273, DOI
   10.1109/AICI.2009.272
TI Application of system dynamics in the forecasting water resources demand in
   Tianjin Polytechnic University
AU Zhai C; Zhang H; Zhang X/3
TC 7
SO INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMPUT INTELL AICI
PY 2009
AB Accurate prediction of water resources demand plays an important role in the
   system which integrates water resources management promotes and balance
   efficiency and allocation of water demand.  This article introduces the
   ITHINK software for the forecasting water resources demand.  System Dynamics
   is a brand-new subject on the basis of operation research, system theory,
   cybernetics, information feedback theory, decision theory and computer
   science.  The model which is proposed in this article is dominated by three
   stocks, five flows and thirty-one converters.  As regards Tianjin
   polytechnic university, the model is developed for predicting the tendency
   of the planning years, based on analysis of water resources.  The practical
   verification showed this method forecast relative error was lower than 5%.
   Thus the predicting outcome showed that System dynamics forecasting result
   can offer accurate quantitative information to water resources management
   system.  And that proved that System Dynamics method was an available tool
   for resources plan.  © 2009 IEEE.
DE forecast; ithink; mathematic; system dynamics; water resources demand
ID artificial intelligence; computation theory; decision theory; feedback;
   forecasting; game theory; system theory; accurate prediction; forecast;
   information feedback; operation research; predicting outcomes; quantitative
   information; relative errors; system dynamics; tianjin; water demand; water
   resources management; water resources

---

UT 1022
AR Liu M/2, 2010, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V72 LNEE, P53, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-642-14350-2_7
TI Dynamic evolution in system modeling of knowledge-intensive business
   services' organizational inertia
AU Liu M/2
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2010
AB This research analyzes inertia as a metaphor to explain organizational
   change and innovation by adopting system dynamics modeling of the
   organizational inertia of knowledge-intensive business services (KIBS). KIBS
   are regarded as the main study object in virtue of more uncertainties and
   complicatedly ever-changing environments and their winning inertia for the
   survival is a buzzword.  This study aims at making out the specific
   component of organizational inertia of KIBS, which have the prominently
   different characteristics from the traditional industries.  It highlights
   the level and rate model to illustrate the dynamic evolutionary processes of
   organizational inertia and works out the input and output graphs of
   organizational inertia in Vensim that demands the relevant system modeling
   foundations in the empirical practice.  © 2010 Springer-Verlag Berlin
   Heidelberg.
DE input and output model; knowledge-intensive business services; level and
   rate model; organizational inertia; system modeling
ID information systems; input and output model; knowledge-intensive business;
   organizational inertia; rate models; system modeling; wireless networks

---

UT 1023
AR Ma T, 2010, TAIYANGNENG XUEBAO, V31, P1521
TI Evaluation on hydrogen consumption and its reduction of CO2 emission of
   Chinese medium and long-term economic development
AU Ma T; Sun B/1; Guo H; Ji J; Jiang M
TC 7
SO TAIYANGNENG XUEBAO
PY 2010
AB This paper starts with the state of China's medium and long-term economic
   development.  After establish the relationship between economic development
   and hydrogen energy consumption, the input parameter of the ratio of
   hydrogen consumption was set up, the pace of economic development,
   industrial structure changes.  Then with the use of Vensim-PLE system
   dynamics software package, we set two growth rates of China's medium and
   long-term economic and respectively draw the corresponding total amount of
   hydrogen consumption.  On this basis, compared with the main varieties-fired
   of China's current energy consumption, coal, the total consumption of the
   two plans hydrogen generated by the effect of CO2 emission reduction through
   alternative energy methods was calculate.  This article concluded that
   hydrogen and other renewable sources structural factors to estimate total
   energy consumption is quite different from the main current consumption of
   energy; system dynamics method in hydrogen energy and other renewable energy
   sources in total consumption studies have obvious advantages; compared with
   coal-fired energy consumption, hydrogen energy as a carbon-free energy have
   its obvious advantages to the CO2 emission reduction.
DE economic development; evaluation; hydrogen energy consumption; reduction of
   co2 emission
ID energy utilization; hydrogen; system theory; a-carbon; alternative energy;
   current consumption; current energy; economic development; effect of co;
   emission reduction; energy consumption; evaluation; hydrogen energy;
   hydrogen energy consumption; industrial structures; input parameter;
   renewable energy source; renewable sources; structural factor; system
   dynamics; total energy consumption; renewable energy resources

---

UT 1024
AR Tobias MI, 2010, J PUBLIC HEAL, V100, P1274, DOI 10.2105/AJPH.2009.171165
TI Application of a system dynamics model to inform investment in smoking
   cessation services in New Zealand
AU Tobias MI; Cavana RY; Bloomfield A
TC 55
SO J PUBLIC HEAL
PY 2010
AB Objectives.  We estimated the long-term effects of smoking cessation
   interventions to inform government decision-making regarding investment in
   tobacco control.  Methods.  We extracted data from the 2006 New Zealand
   Tobacco Use Survey and other sources and developed a system dynamics model
   with the iThink computer simulation package.  The model derived estimates of
   population cessation rates from smoking behaviors and applied these over a
   50-year period, from 2001 to 2051, under business-as-usual and enhanced
   cessation intervention scenarios.  Results.  The model predicted larger
   effects by 2051 with the enhanced cessation than with the business-as-usual
   scenario, including: an 11% greater decline in adult current smoking
   prevalence (9 versus 10 per 100 people), 16% greater decline in per capita
   tobacco consumption (370 versus 440 cigarette equivalents per year), and 11%
   greater reduction in tobacco-attributable mortality (3000 versus 3300 deaths
   per year). Conclusions.  The model generated reliable estimates of the
   effects on health and on tobacco use of interventions designed to enhance
   smoking cessation.  These results informed a decision announced in May 2007
   to increase funding for smoking cessation by NZ$42 million over 4 years.
ID adolescent; adult; computer simulation; health policy; health promotion;
   humans; middle aged; new zealand; prevalence; smoking; smoking cessation;
   systems theory; young adult; adolescent; adult; article; computer
   simulation; economics; health care policy; health promotion; human;
   methodology; middle aged; new zealand; prevalence; smoking; smoking
   cessation; statistics; systems theory

---

UT 1025
AR Kaiping M, 2009, PROC INT CONF MODEL SIMUL ICMS, V1, P412
TI Competitive diffusion process of repurchased products
AU Kaiping M; Hongwei M
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF MODEL SIMUL ICMS
PY 2009
AB This paper presents a diffusion model to explain the competitive diffusion
   of the repurchased products.  A nonlinear model of the repurchased
   competitive products is proposed.  By taking the frequently purchased
   products as example, the stability of the model is examined.  The
   qualitative analysis result goes as follows: for the two frequently
   purchased products competing in the same market, one type of products
   occupies a fixed market share, while the other may finally be eliminated
   from the market.  A special case of the problem is that both products are
   one-time-purchased.  With the corresponding model given, the qualitative
   analysis shows that: either product occupies a market share, the size of
   which is determined by the product's competitive strength and the new
   product's time-to-market.  A system dynamics model is then established and
   simulated by vensim.  The result is consistent with that of the qualitative
   analysis.
DE competitive diffusion; repurchased products; stability analysis; system
   dynamics
ID commerce; competition; diffusion; sales; system stability; system theory;
   diffusion model; diffusion process; market share; new product; nonlinear
   model; qualitative analysis; repurchased products; stability analysis;
   system dynamics model; time-to-market; quality control

---

UT 1026
AR Asgarieh L, 2009, IET CONF PUBL, DOI 10.1049/cp.2009.0549
TI Ageing simulation model for 110-KV equipment
AU Asgarieh L; Balzer G; Gaul AJ
TC 1
SO IET CONF PUBL
PY 2009
AB This paper deals with the importance and relevance of ageing models.  The
   use of these models simplifies the condition control of the equipment and
   delivers information about the real and artificial age of assets.  The
   second mentioned one describes devices that behave older than they really
   are.  This information is important for the amortisation and thus for the
   cost assessment.  Contingent upon the initial condition different analysis
   are possible.  The used software, Powersim Studio®, bases on system
   dynamics, which is a "purpose framework for depicting and simulating dynamic
   behaviour of business, economic, environment and social mechanisms" [1].
ID depreciation; electric power distribution; electric utilities; aging
   simulation; amortization; condition control; cost assessment; dynamic
   behaviors; initial conditions; system dynamics; simulators

---

UT 1027
AR Kwon KJ, 2006, STUD HEAL TECHNOL INFORMATICS, V122, P795
TI The reasonable legal nursing manpower-staffing by using the system dynamics
   approach
AU Kwon KJ; Kim MS; Kim JA
TC 0
SO STUD HEAL TECHNOL INFORMATICS
PY 2006
AB The Purpose of the study is to lay foundation for reasonable legal nursing
   manpower staffing by building the nursing manpower-staffing model.  The
   System dynamics approach was adapted to build a simulation model.  The model
   was built up on Vensim 5.0b DSS. In terms of economic efficiency on tertiary
   hospitals, the ratio of bed to nurse for the best reasonable legal nursing
   manpower-staffing is 3.0: 1(2.6:1 if calculating in terms of the ratio of
   patient to nurse) In terms of economic efficiency on secondary hospitals,
   the ratio of bed to nurse for the best reasonable legal nursing manpower-
   staffing is 3.5: 1(3.0:1 if calculating in terms of the ratio of patient to
   nurse). © 2006 The authors and IOS Press.  All rights reserved.
DE legal nursing manpower; system dynamics
ID efficiency organizational; korea; models organizational; nursing staff
   hospital; personnel staffing and scheduling; efficiency; hospitals;
   personnel selection; system theory; economic efficiency; legal nursing
   manpower; simulation model; system dynamics; system dynamics approach;
   article; korea; legal aspect; nonbiological model; nursing staff;
   organization and management; personnel management; nursing

---

UT 1028
AR Slišković M, 2008, IMETI - INT MULTI-CONF ENG TECHNOL INNOV PROC, V2, P69
TI System dynamics computer models of hydrometeorological continuous processes
AU Slišković M; Trošić Z; Tomašević M
TC 0
SO IMETI - INT MULTI-CONF ENG TECHNOL INNOV PROC
PY 2008
AB As far as we know there are relatively few examples of application of the
   System Dynamics Modelling in the Hydrometeorological Processes science and
   practice area.  The implication of the System Dynamics in this science's
   area gives new a knowledge to us about the behavior of hydrometeorological
   systems or processes to continue time area.  The authors of this paper
   suggest the generating some software's continuous models of the
   hydrometeorological processes: 1. wind, 2. precipitation, 3. sea currents,
   e.t.c., in the continuing form.  The System Dynamics Modelling of generating
   wind, precipitation, sea currents e.t..c., will be executed on the two
   universal software's simulation generators: l.statistic-empiric-stohastic
   simulation model (model of I generation), and 2. system dynamics cyclic
   simulation model (model of II generation). In this paper it will be executed
   to researching of the objective validity of both models and theirs "computer
   designed" with the help heuristic's optimization", and theirs modelling will
   be executed on digital computer using DYNAMO and POWERSIM higher program
   languages also.  The suggested models of generating hydrometeorological
   processes will be used for modelling the subproject: "THE ECOLOGICAL
   SUBMODEL OF THE "KASTELA BAY"". Copyright © 2008 by the International
   Institute of Informatics and Systemics.
DE computer models; heuristic optimization; hydrometeorological processes;
   multiple tests for validation; system dynamics
ID computer software; digital computers; heuristic programming; optimization;
   system theory; computer models; continuous models; continuous process;
   heuristic optimization; multiple test; simulation model; system dynamics;
   system dynamics modeling; computer simulation

---

UT 1029
AR Eberlein RL, 1992, EUR J OPER RES, V59, P216, DOI
   10.1016/0377-2217(92)90018-5
TI Understanding models with Vensim™
AU Eberlein RL; Peterson DW
TC 128
SO EUR J OPER RES
PY 1992
AB Vensim™, the Ventana® Simulation Environment, is an interactive software
   environment that allows the development, exploration, analysis and
   optimization of simulation models.  It was created to increase the
   capabilities and productivity of skilled modelers and has functionality that
   improves the quality and understanding of models.  Though Vensim was not
   originally intended as a teaching tool, it has proved to be fun and useful
   for novices.  Focusing on the ability to impart understanding, development
   is now underway to support implementation as a learning environment.  ©
   1992.
DE simulation; system dynamics
ID computer graphicsinteractive; computer software; computer systems
   digitalinteractive operation; learning systems; systems analysiscomputer
   applications; system dynamics; computer simulation

---

UT 1030
AR Sliskovic M, 2007, ESM - EUR SIMUL MODEL CONF MODEL SIMUL, P37
TI Application of system dynamics methodology for determination of sustainable
   sardine catch in eastern Adriatic
AU Sliskovic M; Munitic A; Jelic-Mrcelic G
TC 0
SO ESM - EUR SIMUL MODEL CONF MODEL SIMUL
PY 2007
AB Qualitative and quantitative models of Adriatic Sea sardine population are
   made by using biological data available from literature.  Schaefer
   production model for sardine population is made by the System Dynamics
   methodology.  Several simulation scenarios are made in Powersim and DYNAMO
   program package, in order to determinate optimal sardine catch.  Models
   developed in this paper shows that high catchability coefficient values do
   not provoke high catch, but low values of catchability coefficient cause
   high values of biomass.  It is strongly recommended not to assume
   catchability coefficient as a constant but to take into account that
   catchability increases constantly every year.
DE decision making; dynamic modeling combined simulation; natural resources;
   system dynamics
ID modal analysis; natural resources; population statistics; software packages;
   adriatic sea; biological data; coefficient values; combined simulation;
   production modeling; program packages; quantitative models; system dynamics;
   system theory

---

UT 1031
AR Georgantzas NC, 2007, RESOUR MANAG J, V20, P90, DOI 10.4018/irmj.2007040106
TI Disruptive innovation strategy effects on hard-disk maker population: A
   system dynamics study
AU Georgantzas NC; Katsamakas E
TC 8
SO RESOUR MANAG J
PY 2007
AB To encourage premium-quality information systems (IS) research in areas
   where ynamic complexity rules, this article combines disruptive innovation
   strategy (DIS) theory with the system dynamics (SD) modeling method.  It
   presents a computer simulation model of the hard-disk (HD) maker population
   overshoot and collapse dynamics.  Data from the HD maker industry help
   calibrate the parameters of the SD model and replicate the HD makers'
   overshoot and collapse dynamics, which DIS allegedly caused from 1973
   through 1993. SD model analysis entails articulating exactly how the
   structure of feedback relations among variables in a system determines its
   performance through time.  The analysis of the HD maker population model
   shows that, over five distinct time phases, four different feedback loops
   might have been most prominent in generating the HD maker population
   dynamics.  The article shows the benefits of using SD modeling software,
   such as iThink®, and SD model analysis software, such as Digest®. The latter
   helps detect exactly how changes in loop polarity and prominence determine
   system performance through time.  Strategic scenarios computed with the
   model also show the relevance of using SD for IS research and practice.  ©
   2007, Idea Group Inc.
DE complex systems; disruptive innovation; feedback loops; innovation
   diffusion; it industry; system dynamics; technology adoption
ID feedback; large scale systems; system theory; disruptive innovations;
   feedback loop; innovation diffusion; it industry; system dynamics;
   technology adoption; innovation

---

UT 1032
AR Dan Y, 2009, SYST CHANG ERA THEORY PR - PROC INT CONF INFORMATICS SEMIOT
   ORGAN ICISO, P509
TI The simulation model of E-government performance on the basis of system
   dynamics
AU Dan Y
TC 0
SO SYST CHANG ERA THEORY PR - PROC INT CONF INFORMATICS SEMIOT ORGAN ICISO
PY 2009
AB It is necessary to evaluate the E-government performance with the
   development of E-government.  The paper expatiates on the feasibility of
   modeling on the basis of system dynamics in E-government.  It designs the
   simulation model of E-government performance with software Vensim based on
   system dynamics.  The process of E-government performance is presented by
   three simulation phrases which are preparation, analysis and computation.
   The information system investment, urban competitiveness, and the netizen
   are the typical factors of E-government.  It gives quantitative analysis of
   effect of such factors for E-government.  The applications strategy of
   E-government is presented.
DE e-government; modeling; performance; simulation; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; information science; information systems; models;
   semiotics; system theory; e-government; netizen; performance; simulation;
   simulation model; system dynamics; urban competitiveness; government data
   processing

---

UT 1033
AR Fiorello D, 2010, SYST DYN REV, V26, P283, DOI 10.1002/sdr.452
TI The astra model for strategic assessment of transport policies
AU Fiorello D; Fermi F; Bielanska D
TC 50
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 2010
AB ASTRA is a system dynamics model for the strategic assessment of policy
   scenarios at the European level.  Over recent years, ASTRA has been
   extensively used in many European research projects, sometimes in linkage
   with other strategic tools, to provide simulations of scenarios concerning
   energy scarcity, high oil prices, technological investments in the transport
   sector and application of measures included in European transport policy.
   ASTRA is built in Vensim® and consists of nine interlinked modules.  With
   respect to a traditional transport model, ASTRA is less detailed in
   geographical terms, but simulates the linkages between transport demand, the
   economy, the vehicle fleet and environmental effects, thus allowing an
   integrated multidimensional assessment of alternative scenarios.  © 2010
   John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
ID europe; demand analysis; development project; economic analysis; policy
   analysis; strategic approach; transportation policy

---

UT 1034
AR Wu R, 2009, AGROFOR SYST, V77, P123, DOI 10.1007/s10457-009-9231-0
TI A dynamic simulation study of the impacts of enhanced UV-B radiation on
   winter wheat photosynthetic production and dry matter accumulation
AU Wu R; Zheng Y/3; Liu J/8
TC 4
SO AGROFOR SYST
PY 2009
AB By using the system-dynamic software package STELLA, a simulative study was
   conducted on the photosynthetic productivity and change of the accumulated
   dry matter of wheat population, related to enhanced UV-B radiation that
   influences photosynthesis.  The effects of daily temperature and crop
   physiological age on the photosynthesis rate were considered
   comprehensively.  Statistical analysis was undertaken to assess the fitness
   between simulations and observations of accumulated dry matter by means of
   root-mean-square error and relative error.  Results show that there is no
   significant difference between simulations and observations, indicating that
   the STELLA software is effective in imitating the growth.  This software
   provides a new approach in establishing a simulative model for crop growth
   under the conditions of various climate and environment.  © Springer
   Science+Business Media B.V. 2009.
DE matter accumulation; photosynthesis; respiration; system dynamics;
   ultraviolet radiation
ID triticum aestivum

---

UT 1035
AR Cavana RY, 2008, INT SOC SYST SCI - ANNU CONF INT SOC SYST SCI, V2, P918
TI Integrated system dynamics: Analysis of policy options for tobacco control
   in New Zealand
AU Cavana RY; Tobias M
TC 0
SO INT SOC SYST SCI - ANNU CONF INT SOC SYST SCI
PY 2008
AB This paper provides an overview of the system dynamics model that has been
   developed to assist the Ministry of Health to evaluate the dynamic
   consequences of tobacco control policies in New Zealand.  The model consists
   of 4 sectors: population; smoking prevalences; second hand smoke; and
   tobacco attributable deaths.  The model is simulated for 20-30 years into
   the future.  The simulation package used is 'iThink', and a user interface
   is presented for policy analysis.  A range of illustrative scenarios are
   provided, including: business as usual; fiscal strategies involving less
   affordable cigarettes; harm minimisation strategies involving either less
   addictive cigarettes or less toxic cigarettes; and combinations of the above
   policies.  The main output variables (performance measures) include current
   smoking prevalence, tobacco consumption, and tobacco attributable mortality.
   Finally areas for future model enhancement are identified.
DE dynamic simulation; new zealand ministry of health; system dynamics; tobacco
   control policies; tobacco policy model
ID computer simulation; system theory; user interfaces; business-as-usual;
   future models; integrated systems; new zealand; output variables;
   performance measure; policy analysis; policy model; policy options; second
   hand smokes; simulation packages; system dynamics; system dynamics model;
   tobacco consumption; tobacco control; tobacco

---

UT 1036
AR Bjornsson HC, 2000, COMPUT CIV BUILD ENG, V1, P702
TI A decision support system for road maintenance budget allocation
AU Bjornsson HC; De La Garza JM; Nasir MJ
TC 5
SO COMPUT CIV BUILD ENG
PY 2000
AB The road transport system is a large and complex system and the allocation
   of resources to different maintenance activities requires an effective
   maintenance strategy based on a long-term perspective.  This paper presents
   a simulation model based on System Dynamics methodology that can be used as
   a decision support system to effectively allocate road maintenance funds.
   The System Dynamics model is constructed in the Powersim modeling
   environment and it consists of four main module or sub-systems: 1) Financial
   sub-system, 2) Physical sub-system, 3) Functional sub-system, and 4)
   Evaluation sub-system.  The model has been tested for several different
   maintenance policies.  The behavior of the system was studied for several
   combinations of budget allocation that were used in the simulation
   experiments.
ID budget control; computer simulation; cost effectiveness; decision support
   systems; finance; maintenance; public policy; resource allocation;
   transportation; powerism modeling environment; resurfacing; road maintenance
   budget allocation; system dynamics methodology; road construction

---

UT 1037
AR Wang Q/1, 2009, INT CONF SCI ENG ICISE, P4750, DOI 10.1109/ICISE.2009.310
TI Analysis of relations between regional logistics and regional economy based
   on system dynamics
AU Wang Q/1; Zhang X/4; Ji M
TC 1
SO INT CONF SCI ENG ICISE
PY 2009
AB This essay establishes the dynamics model about the regional logistics and
   regional economy from the point of view of system dynamics, according to the
   characteristics of the regional logistics and regional economy.  Then
   simulate on the Vensim Software and obtain the simulation result.  Through
   analysis of the results of simulation, the relations of the regional
   logistics and the regional economy are explored further.  ©2009 IEEE.
DE regional economy; regional logistics; system dynamics
ID computer software; information science; system theory; dynamics models;
   regional economy; regional logistics; regional logistics system; simulation
   result; system dynamics; logistics

---

UT 1038
AR Fett MJ, 2001, J MED SCREEN, V8, P39, DOI 10.1136/jms.8.1.39
TI Computer modelling of the Swedish two county trial of mammographic screening
   and trade offs between participation and screening interval
AU Fett MJ
TC 12
SO J MED SCREEN
PY 2001
AB Objectives - A computerised model of the Swedish two county trial of
   mammographic screening was built to explore the applicability of
   deterministic group modelling for health policy analysis and to examine
   trade offs between screening interval and population coverage on breast
   cancer mortality.  Methods - Powersim system dynamics modelling software
   running on a PC was used.  Model inputs were published data on the
   populations and screening regimens used in the trial, a Swedish female
   population life table, incidence of breast cancer in Sweden, 95% confidence
   intervals (95% CIs) for mean sojourn time and screening sensitivity, and
   survival after diagnosis.  Results - The model's output - cumulative
   mortality from breast cancer - agreed closely with trial results.  This was
   robust to uncertainties in key input variables.  Furthermore, with
   hypothetical screening regimes that had a fixed total number of mammograms
   over a fixed period a positive association was found between more even
   distribution of mammograms among a population and reduction in breast cancer
   mortality.  For example, screening 50% of a hypothetical population annually
   produced a 33% reduction in breast cancer mortality, whereas screening 100%
   of the population every 2 years produced a 48% reduction.  Conclusions -
   Deterministic group simulation modelling can be used to build reliable,
   evidence based quantitative models for policy analysis.  This opens health
   policy simulation modelling to epidemiological researchers and will assist
   them in identifying important information needs - such as breast cancer
   survival according to sojourn time (the time between cancer being detectable
   by screening and becoming symptomatic). Scenarios examining reductions in
   mortality for a given number of mammograms showed that the more equitable
   the distribution of screening mammograms, the greater the reduction in
   deaths from breast cancer.
DE breast cancer screening; computer modeling; mammography
ID adult; aged; breast neoplasms; computer simulation; female; health policy;
   humans; mammography; mass screening; middle aged; patient participation;
   sweden; time factors; adult; aged; article; breast cancer; cancer mortality;
   cancer screening; cancer survival; computer model; epidemiological data;
   female; health care delivery; health care policy; health care utilization;
   human; mammography; patient compliance; simulation; sweden

---

UT 1039
AR Asgarieh L, 2010, PROC MEDITERR ELECTROTECH CONF MELECON, P1429, DOI
   10.1109/MELCON.2010.5476035
TI Impact of altered maintenance cycles on OPEX regarding HV equipment
AU Asgarieh L; Balzer G; Gaul AJ
TC 1
SO PROC MEDITERR ELECTROTECH CONF MELECON
PY 2010
AB Nowadays the optimized use of financial resources plays a central role in
   all areas and hence also in electric power companies.  Consequential the
   utilities are anxious to keep the level of the operational expenditures
   (OPEX) as low as possible.  The determination of the capital and operational
   expenditures (CAPEX and OPEX) will be done with the aid of an evaluated
   ageing model for 110-kV circuit-breakers.  The ageing model was implemented
   with the simulation software Powersim Studio® which is based on system
   dynamics.  In this paper the influence of changed overhaul cycles and
   failure rates on OPEX will be investigated in order to find an optimum
   relation between these two parameters.  © 2010 IEEE.
ID computer software; electric utilities; capex and opex; circuit-breakers;
   electric power company; failure rate; financial resources; hv equipment;
   maintenance cycles; operational expenditures; optimized use; simulation
   software; system dynamics; two parameter; computer simulation

---

UT 1040
AR Norang A, 2010, INT CONF LOGIST SYST INTELL MANAG ICLSIM, V3, P1481, DOI
   10.1109/ICLSIM.2010.5461214
TI Supply chain analysis model based on system dynamics approach: A case of
   Iranian bicycle manufacturer
AU Norang A; Eghbali MA; Hajian A
TC 7
SO INT CONF LOGIST SYST INTELL MANAG ICLSIM
PY 2010
AB Increasing competition in international marketplaces is motivating companies
   to creating value to their customers.  The main objective for the case
   company is to lucrative attendance in the markets of Asia and South America
   but at the same time there are many challenges to face.  One of these
   challenges that the case company faces is to balance the variable demand
   with an inflexible supply.  This paper present several factors that affect
   the design of supply chain under study and then proposes a modeling
   framework that is used to simulate the operation of this supply chain.  The
   modeling framework presented in this paper is based on System Dynamics
   approach and its effort has focused on describing the different options for
   an appropriate supply chain.  The modeling and simulations are done with the
   System dynamics software Vensim that provides a graphical interface to
   present the causal relationships between variables.  ©2010 IEEE.
DE simulation; supply chain management; system dynamics model
ID competition; computer simulation; logistics; supply chains; system theory;
   causal relationships; graphical interface; international marketplace;
   modeling and simulation; modeling frameworks; south america; supply chain
   analysis; supply chain management system; system dynamics; system dynamics
   approach; variable demands; supply chain management

---

UT 1041
AR Fan J, 2009, LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG, V4
   LNICST, P628, DOI 10.1007/978-3-642-02466-5_61
TI The system dynamics research on the private cars' amount in Beijing
AU Fan J; Yan G-L
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG
PY 2009
AB The thesis analyzes the development problem of private cars' amount in
   Beijing from the perspective of system dynamics.  With the flow chart
   illustrating the relationships of relevant elements, the SD model is
   established by VENSIM to simulate the growth trend of private autos' amount
   in the future on the background of "Public Transportation First" policy
   based on the original data in Beijing.  Then the article discusses the
   forecasting impacts of "Single-and-double license plate number limit" on the
   number of city vehicles and private cars under the assumption that this
   policy implemented for long after the 2008 Olympic Games.  Finally, some
   recommendations are put forward for proper control over this problem.  ©
   2009 ICST Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and
   Telecommunications Engineering.
DE policy simulation and control; private cars amount in beijing; social
   economic modeling; system dynamics
ID system theory; development problems; flow charts; growth trends; olympic
   games; policy simulation and control; private cars; public transportation;
   social economic modeling; system dynamics; license plates ( automobile )

---

UT 1042
AR Dvornik J/1, 2007, WMSCI - WORLD MULTI-CONF SYST CYBERN INFORMATICS JOINTLY
   INT CONF SYST ANAL SYNTH ISAS - PROC, V2, P25
TI System dynamics simulation model of the ship steam boiler
AU Dvornik J/1; Dvornik S; Tireli E
TC 4
SO WMSCI - WORLD MULTI-CONF SYST CYBERN INFORMATICS JOINTLY INT CONF SYST ANAL
   SYNTH ISAS - PROC
PY 2007
AB The aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamic simulation modelling (System Dynamics Modelling - Forrester/[l]) at
   investigating performance dynamics of the marine steam boiler.  Marine steam
   boiler is a complex non-linear system which needs to be systematically
   investigated as a unit consisting of a number of subsystems and elements,
   which are linked by cause-effect (UPV) feedback loops (KPD), both within the
   system and with the relevant surrounding.  In this paper the authors will
   present the efficient application of scientific methods for the research of
   complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative simulation
   System dynamics methodology, which will allow for production and use of
   higher number and kinds of simulation models of the observed elements, and
   finally allow for the continuous computer simulation, which will
   significantly contribute to acquisition of new information about the non-
   linear character of performance dynamics of marine steam boilers in the
   process of designing and education.  Marine steam boiler will be presented
   in POWERSIM simulation language in mental - verbal, structural and
   mathematical computer models.
DE continuous and discrete simulation; marine steam boiler; simulation
   modeling; system dynamics
ID boilers; cybernetics; information science; information systems; management
   information systems; marine boilers; system theory; systems analysis; cause-
   effect; complex dynamic systems; computer models; continuous and discrete
   simulation; feedback loop; marine steam boiler; performance dynamics;
   quantitative simulation; scientific method; steam boiler; system dynamics;
   system dynamics simulation; computer simulation

---

UT 1043
AR Briano E, 2010, PROC IASTED INT CONF MODEL IDENT CONTROL, P62, DOI
   10.2316/p.2010.675-056
TI Design and simulation of a short life-cycle product supply chain: A system
   dynamics approach
AU Briano E; Caballini C; Giribone P; Revetria R
TC 1
SO PROC IASTED INT CONF MODEL IDENT CONTROL
PY 2010
AB This paper regards the study of a supply chain for products characterized by
   a short life cycle, meaning with that a particular type of good that is
   produced and sold only for a limited period of time, such as fashion goods,
   health care services, electronic products or some foodstuffs.  The real case
   study regarding a particular product of an important Italian food company
   producing snacks, biscuits and bread substitutes has been analyzed.
   Temporarily data in the model are by now assumed by the authors because of
   delays on their provision, but in the extended version of this paper the
   real company data, properly modified for reason of confidentiality, will be
   utilized.  More in particular a simulation model, implemented according to
   the System Dynamics approach, has been developed and shown.  This kind of
   methodology is particularly useful to study the behavior of complex dynamics
   systems, such as the case object of this work.  Moreover it makes able to
   consider time delays and feedback loops, which dramatically influence the
   structure and the relative behavior of the system.  Powersim Studio
   software, thanks to its flexibility and completeness, has been chosen among
   all the available computer simulation softwares for System Dynamics.  By
   simulating the model it has been possible to highlight the most critical
   issues along the supply chain to focus on, with the final goal of minimizing
   costs and maximizing the company profit.  Besides, "what-if'' analysis
   carried out on the model have shown which is the best policy to adopt in
   terms -for instance - of safety stock to hold or demand planning methodology
   to adopt.  Further studies will be dedicated to make these kind of supply
   chain more resilient or, in other words, less vulnerable towards unexpected
   and damaging events.
DE modeling; powersim studio; short life cycle products; simulation; supply
   chain management; system dynamics

---

UT 1044
AR Voinov AA, 2008, ENCYCL ECOL FIVE-VOLUME SET, V1-5, P731, DOI
   10.1016/B978-008045405-4.00178-6
TI Conceptual Diagrams and Flow Diagrams
AU Voinov AA
TC 5
SO ENCYCL ECOL FIVE-VOLUME SET
PY 2008
AB Diagrams are probably the next most widely used type of models after mental
   and verbal models.  Intuitively when presenting a model we tend to start
   drawing diagrams to explain the assumptions and simplifications made.  With
   the advent of new software tools, it becomes easier to use the computer to
   design these conceptual diagrams, especially since these software packages
   in many cases can convert the diagrams into computer code and generate
   numerical models for further analysis.  Most of the system dynamics software
   (such as Stella, Madonna, Powersim, Simile, and others) can be readily used
   to put together conceptual models and flow diagrams.  More advanced tools
   are based on the Unified Modeling Language (UML) approach and can generate
   computer code in Java, PHP, C++, Python, and other languages.  © 2008
   Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
DE conceptual models; forrester; madonna; odum; ontologies; owl; simile;
   stella; uml

---

UT 1045
AR Georgantzas NC, 2008, BEST PRACT CONCEPT INNOV RESOUR MANAG UTIL TECHNOL
   GLOB PROG, P231, DOI 10.4018/978-1-60566-128-5.ch013
TI Information Technology Industry Dynamics: Impact of Disruptive Innovation
   Strategy
AU Georgantzas NC; Katsamakas E
TC 1
SO BEST PRACT CONCEPT INNOV RESOUR MANAG UTIL TECHNOL GLOB PROG
PY 2008
AB This chapter combines disruptive innovation strategy (DIS) theory with the
   system dynamics (SD) modeling method.  It presents a simulation model of the
   hard-disk (HD) maker population overshoot and collapse dynamics, showing
   that DIS can crucially affect the dynamics of the IT industry.  Data from
   the HD maker industry help calibrate the parameters of the SD model and
   replicate the HD makers’ overshoot and collapse dynamics, which DIS
   allegedly caused from 1973 through 1993. SD model analysis entails
   articulating exactly how the structure of feedback relations among variables
   in a system determines its performance through time.  The HD maker
   population model analysis shows that, over five distinct time phases, four
   different feedback loops might have been most prominent in generating the HD
   maker population dynamics.  The chapter shows the benefits of using SD
   modeling software, such as iThink®, and SD model analysis software, such as
   Digest®. The latter helps detect exactly how changes in loop polarity and
   prominence determine system performance through time.  Strategic scenarios
   computed with the model also show the relevance of using SD for information
   system management and research in areas where dynamic complexity rules.  ©
   2009 by IGI Global.  All rights reserved.
ID computer software; dynamics; feedback; information management; disruptive
   innovations; dynamic impacts; dynamic model analysis; hard disk; industry
   dynamics; information technology industry; innovation strategy; model
   method; simulation model; system dynamics modeling; information use

---

UT 1046
AR Bauer C, 2006, INT J SIMUL SYST SCI TECHNOL, V7, P22
TI Enhancing system dynamics modeling using a Component-Based approach
AU Bauer C; Bodendorf F
TC 0
SO INT J SIMUL SYST SCI TECHNOL
PY 2006
AB An approach using component technology for the development of System
   Dynamics models is introduced.  At first a brief introduction of System
   Dynamics, its modeling perspective and its modeling elements is given.  The
   representation of System Dynamics models in Vensim, an interactive software
   environment for the handling of such models, is described.  On this basis
   the paper provides an approach for component development and model
   composition.  The approach builds upon a conceptual framework that is basic
   and independent from any problem or domain specific context.  An example
   depicts the appliance of the approach to a given problem domain and explains
   the usage of domain specific model design patterns and components.  Finally
   a prototype system to support component-based modeling is described and the
   advantages that component technology brings to System Dynamics modeling are
   pointed out.  © 2013, UK Simulation Society.  All rights reserved.
DE conceptual framework; model components; model composition; software tool;
   system dynamics
ID computer aided software engineering; component-based approach; component-
   based modeling; conceptual frameworks; domain specific modeling;
   introduction of systems; model components; model composition; system
   dynamics; system theory

---

UT 1047
AR Shen LY, 2005, J ZHEJIANG UNIV SCI, V6 A, P339, DOI 10.1631/jzus.2005.A0339
TI Application of system dynamics for assessment of sustainable performance of
   construction projects
AU Shen LY; Wu YZ; Chan EHW; Hao JL
TC 90
SO J ZHEJIANG UNIV SCI
PY 2005
AB Sustainable performance is expected to become a major factor when examining
   the feasibility of a construction project in terms of its life cycle
   performance.  The study on which this paper is based developed a simulation
   model, using system dynamics methodology, to assess the sustainable
   performance of projects.  Three major factors are used to examine project
   sustainable performance (PSP): the sustainability of economic development
   (E), the sustainability of social development (S), and the sustainability of
   environmental development (En). Sustainable development ability (SDA) was
   used as a prototype to evaluate the degree of sustainable performance.  The
   simulation software ithink was used to help with the application of the
   model to a real life case.  This paper explains and demonstrates the
   procedures used to develop the model and finally offers an approach for
   assessing the feasibility of a construction project in terms of its
   sustainable performance.
DE construction project; project life cycle; project sustainable performance (
   psp ); simulation; sustainable development ability ( sda ); system dynamics
ID computer simulation; economic and social effects; life cycle; mathematical
   models; software prototyping; construction project; project life cycle;
   project sustainable performance; simulation software ithink; social
   development; sustainable development ability; system dynamics; sustainable
   development

---

UT 1048
AR Hoyte SM, 2003, ACTA HORTIC, V610, P415, DOI 10.17660/ActaHortic.2003.610.55
TI Modelling of sclerotinia disease in New Zealand Kiwifruit (Actinidia
   deliciosa)
AU Hoyte SM; Long P; Beresford RM
TC 0
SO ACTA HORTIC
PY 2003
AB Sclerotinia sclerotiorum (Lib.) de Bary causes up to 17% crop loss in New
   Zealand kiwifruit [Actinidia deliciosa (A. Chev.)]. Although growers use
   fungicides for disease control, cost-effective disease management decisions
   require a reliable measure of disease potential within an orchard.  A
   systems dynamics approach was used to model sclerotinia disease development
   using ithink™ software.  The model's construction was based on interactions
   between the pathogens life cycle, crop phenology and the environment.  A
   positive relationship between apothecial density and disease incidence was
   used, with a series of biological clocks and environmental thresholds, to
   predict disease potential at the end of flowering.  Crop loss was predicted
   from flowering to mid-season in response to daily rainfall exceeding
   thresholds.  Simulations were performed using five years climate data from
   Te Puke Research Orchard, standard mean daily temperature and rainfall
   thresholds of 15°C and 10 mm day -1 and an apothecial density of 1.0 m-2.
   The responsiveness of simulated disease potential and crop loss, to changes
   in apothecial density and environmental thresholds, ranged from -54% to
   +100%, relative to the standard inputs.  Changing the date of bud-burst by 7
   days affected these outputs by -56% to +61%, depending on the season and
   region.  The model produces stable and realistic outputs under conditions
   typical of New Zealand kiwifruit vineyards, although validation with
   independent experimental data is required.  The systems dynamics approach
   has provided a platform that readily incorporates phenological and
   environmental interactions into a framework of the pathogens life cycle over
   a multi-year timeframe.  Alterations to the model can be made to incorporate
   new relevant experimental data and new components, including other kiwifruit
   models.  This model could also be revised to describe other pathosystems,
   through simple modifications and replacement of key epidemiological
   equations within the model.  Specific uses of this model include:
   interactive research planning tools and decision support for packhouses and
   growers.  © ISHS.
DE apothecial density; crop loss; phenology; potential disease; simulation;
   systems analysis

---

UT 1049
AR Chen H/1, 2010, NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO, V26, P21, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1002-6819.2010.10.004
TI Soil water balance model in root zone of winter wheat based on system
   dynamics
AU Chen H/1; Huang J; Wu J; Yang J/1
TC 4
SO NONGYE GONGCHENG XUEBAO
PY 2010
AB A system dynamics-based one-dimensional soil water balance model (SD-WBM)
   was developed to estimate water budget in root zone of winter wheat on daily
   basis with Vensim software.  It was assumed that the 2m-soil was comprised
   of 10 series-wound soil reservoirs.  The physical processes, such as
   infiltration, soil evaporation, plant root water uptake, capillary rise and
   water redistribution between two adjacent soil reservoirs, were calculated
   in the model.  For validation and calibration, field experiments of winter
   wheat were conducted in Shijing Irrigation Scheme in Hebei Province during
   2007-2009, and model-calculated soil water content of 10 soil-depth
   intervals from 0 to 200 cm were compared with measured water content.  The
   results showed that mean residual ratio (MRR) and distribution root mean
   square ratio (DRMSR) were all less than 15% in the validation and
   calibration.  Furthermore, assumptions in SD-WBM were proved to be
   reasonable, with no structural error occurring through tests under three
   kinds of extreme condition, such as sensitive tests of six kinds of
   parameters as well as comparisons with Hydrus-1d model.  Simulating results
   of soil water budget during growing season of winter wheat indicated that
   precipitation and irrigation were dominant water supply with little
   capillary rise and large amount of percolation.  And water storage changes
   little in the harvest day compared to that in the sowing day.
DE soil; soil water balance in root zone; system dynamics; water; winter wheat
ID budget control; calibration; climate models; irrigation; reservoirs ( water
   ); soil moisture; solvents; system theory; underwater soils; water content;
   water supply; capillary rise; extreme conditions; field experiment; growing
   season; hebei province; hydrus-1d; irrigation schemes; physical process;
   plant roots; residual ratios; root mean square; root zone; soil water; soil
   water balance; soil water balance model; soil water content; structural
   errors; system dynamics; water budget; water redistribution; water storage;
   winter wheat; geologic models

---

UT 1050
AR Kozikoğlu N, 2009, PROC INT CONF EDUC RES COMPUT AIDED ARCH DES EUR, P533
TI Collective Design Network: Systems Thinking (Event-Pattern-Structures) and
   System Dynamics Modelling as a Design Concept and Strategy
AU Kozikoğlu N; Erdoğan M; Nircan AK; Akipek FÖ
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF EDUC RES COMPUT AIDED ARCH DES EUR
PY 2009
AB This paper will relay the initial phase of a collaborative work within
   partners from the design discipline, systems engineering, and software
   engineering which deals with the interrelations of network idea, systems
   thinking, collective design, and computation.  Vensim– a system dynamics
   modelling tool developed by Ventana Systems, Inc.  in 1992 – has been used
   in an experimental first year design studio to engage students in systems
   thinking in the architectural design environment.  It has been observed that
   this tool enabled most students to develop a multi-layered, complex and more
   controlled design logic and to amplify the cognitive processes at the
   beginning of the design education.  We conclude that in order to fully
   realize systems thinking in the design process, new ways of integrating
   parametric design environments and system dynamic modelling environments
   needs to be investigated.  © 2004, Education and research in Computer Aided
   Architectural Design in Europe.  All rights reserved.
DE collectivity; design network; dynamic pattern; integration; system dynamics

---

UT 1051
AR Elshorbagy A, 2007, HYDROL SCI J, V52, P538, DOI 10.1623/hysj.52.3.538
TI Simulation of the hydrological processes on reconstructed watersheds using
   system dynamics
AU Elshorbagy A; Jutla A; Kells J
TC 36
SO HYDROL SCI J
PY 2007
AB Reconstruction of disturbed watersheds is a common practice by the oil sands
   industry in northern Alberta, Canada.  The reconstruction and restoration of
   the watershed hydrology are required as part of the reclamation mandated by
   Alberta Environment for mine closure.  Assessment of the hydrological
   performance of the reconstructed watersheds is essential to ensure a
   sustainable reclamation strategy.  A conceptual lumped system dynamics
   watershed (SDW) model is developed and calibrated in this study.  The model,
   built within an object-based simulation environment, is capable of
   simulating the various hydrological processes in the reconstructed
   watersheds with good accuracy.  STELLA Software is used as an object-based
   simulation environment that allows visual computations.  The SDW model
   developed combines both physically-based and empirical formulations to
   replicate the hydrological system mathematically.  The system dynamics
   approach along with the visual simulation environment help in developing a
   simulation-for-learning model, not only simulation for prediction.  The
   model is successfully calibrated and validated; the results show that the
   SDW model is capable of simulating the various hydrological processes (soil
   moisture, evapotranspiration and runoff) with good accuracy.  The SDW model
   can help in the assessment of the short- and long-term performances of the
   reconstructed watersheds, thus providing a useful decision-aid tool for the
   mining industry.  Copyright © 2007 IAHS Press.
DE reconstructed watersheds; system dynamics; watershed modeling
ID alberta; canada; north america; computer simulation; evapotranspiration;
   hydrology; mathematical models; reconstruction ( structural ); restoration;
   runoff; computer simulation; hydrological modeling; watershed; reconstructed
   watersheds; system dynamics watershed ( sdw ); watershed modeling;
   watersheds

---

UT 1052
AR Ye G, 2010, INT CONF BIOINFORM BIOMED ENG ICBBE, DOI
   10.1109/ICBBE.2010.5517850
TI Estimating the generation of construction and demolition waste by using
   system dynamics: A proposed model
AU Ye G; Yuan H/1; Wang H/6
TC 17
SO INT CONF BIOINFORM BIOMED ENG ICBBE
PY 2010
AB During the past decades, construction and demolition (C&D) waste has
   received increasing attention from construction practitioners and
   researchers around the world.  A plethora of research has been published in
   various academic journals.  These studies have investigated a wide range of
   topics under the umbrella of C&D waste management, of which investigation
   into the generation of C&D waste in various economies is an obvious
   component, as estimating the generation of future C&D waste is of major
   importance for decision making and planning.  However, a question that
   arises here is: How can we forecast the development of a dynamic and complex
   waste management system?  Up-to-date research shows that previous studies
   regarding C&D waste have been mainly separately concentrating their work on
   measuring C&D waste through various methods, including direct observation,
   comparing contractors' records, sorting and weighting the waste materials on
   site, consultation with construction company employees, and truck load
   records, but without incorporating the inter-related factors involved in the
   waste management process.  By acknowledging their contributions to providing
   information for understanding different C&D waste management practices,
   there is apparently a general lack of approaches that enables us to
   holistically consider the inter-relations and interdependences of factors
   within the C&D waste management process.  Bearing this in mind, this
   research proposes a model that is based on system dynamics approach to serve
   as a decision support tool for estimating the C&D waste generation.  The
   dynamic model integrates all vital factors that affect and are affected by
   C&D waste generation.  The software 'iThink' is used to help with the
   depiction of the model.  The aim of the research presented here is twofold:
   first, to incorporate the nature of dynamics into the modeling process which
   are not easily measureable, but are vital to descriptions of C&D waste
   management.  Second, based on the proposed model, C&D waste management
   strategies could be analyzed under different scenarios, thus the best
   strategies can be identified for long-range planning.  ©2010 IEEE.
DE construction and demolition waste; system dynamics; waste generation; waste
   management
ID automobile exhibitions; bioinformatics; construction industry; decision
   making; decision support systems; demolition; electric load forecasting;
   estimation; planning; research; solid wastes; system theory; academic
   journal; best strategy; construction and demolition; construction and
   demolition waste; construction companies; decision support tools; direct
   observation; long range planning; management process; management strategies;
   modeling process; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; truck load;
   waste generation; waste management practices; waste management systems;
   waste materials; waste management

---

UT 1053
AR Shahgholian K, 2009, WORLD ACAD SCI ENG TECHNOL, V59, P245
TI A dynamic model of air pollution, health, and population growth using system
   dynamics: A study on Tehran-Iran (with computer simulation by the software
   Vensim)
AU Shahgholian K; Hajihosseini H
TC 7
SO WORLD ACAD SCI ENG TECHNOL
PY 2009
AB The significance of environmental protection is wellknown in today's world.
   The execution of any program depends on sufficient knowledge and required
   familiarity with environment and its pollutants.  Taking advantage of a
   systematic method, as a new science, in environmental planning can solve
   many problems.  In this article, air pollution in Tehran and its
   relationship with health and population growth have been analyzed using
   dynamic systems.  Firstly, by using casual loops, the relationship between
   the parameters effective on air pollution in Tehran were taken into
   consideration, then these casual loops were turned into flow diagrams [6],
   and finally, they were simulated using the software Vensim [16]in order to
   conclude what the effect of each parameter will be on air pollution in
   Tehran in the next 10 years, how changing of one or more parameters
   influences other parameters, and which parameter among all other parameters
   requires to be controlled more.
DE air pollutions; simulation; system dynamics; tehran; vensim
ID air quality; atmospheric movements; computer simulation; dynamical systems;
   environmental protection; pollution; system theory; air pollution; casual
   loops; dynamic systems; environmental planning; flow diagram; new science;
   population growth; simulation; simulation systems; system dynamics;
   systematic method; tehran; vensim; computer software; population statistics

---

UT 1054
AR Cavana RY, 2006, SYST DYN REV, V22, P321, DOI 10.1002/sdr.347
TI Demonstrating the utility of system dynamics for public policy analysis in
   New Zealand: The case of excise tax policy on tobacco
AU Cavana RY; Clifford LV
TC 43
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 2006
AB This paper summarises a system dynamics pilot study analysing the
   relationship of New Zealand Customs Service (NZCS) outputs to desired
   government outcomes, in relation to the collection of tobacco excise duties
   and cigarette smoking in New Zealand.  The study was done to demonstrate the
   utility of system dynamics in answering some questions of a type common in
   the New Zealand public sector during policy development and review.  Group
   model-building workshops addressed the organising question: "How does price
   influence the use and consequences of tobacco in New Zealand?"  A prototype
   system dynamics simulation model using the ithink dynamic simulation
   software was developed, consisting of seven sectors: NZCS air and marine
   sector; duty-paid cigarette imports; duty-free cigarettes; New Zealand
   tobacco manufacturing sector; NZCS duty collection (from air passengers);
   New Zealand tobacco products market; and a health sector.  The model
   simulates values of the model variables on an annual basis from 2000 to
   2010. Policy experiments with the model include examining the effects of
   changes in excise duties.  The model can be further developed to examine
   tobacco-related public policy issues in New Zealand and complement modelling
   done in other countries.  Copyright © 2006 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
ID australasia; new zealand; nicotiana tabacum; computer simulation; policy
   analysis; policy development; tax system; tobacco

---

UT 1055
AR Wang J-Y, 2009, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V29, P173
TI Construction waste management model based on system dynamics
AU Wang J-Y; Yuan H-P
TC 17
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2009
AB Based on system dynamics, the inter-relations of factors within the
   construction waste management processes were analyzed.  A simulation model
   integrating four sub-systems, including construction waste generation, on-
   site waste sorting, waste landfill and public filling, was developed.  The
   model was then simulated through software iThink.  The research results
   indicate that the inter-relations of factors within the system can be better
   revealed.  And the method proposed can provide guides and references for
   predicting construction waste generation and making construction waste
   management plans.
DE construction waste; shenzhen; system dynamics; waste management
ID system theory; construction waste; construction wastes; management model;
   management process; public filling; research results; shenzhen; simulation
   model; sub-systems; system dynamics; waste landfill; waste sorting; waste
   management

---

UT 1056
AR Georgantzas NC, 2009, EMERG SYST APPROACHES INFO TECHNOL CONCEPTS THEOR
   APPLIC, P274, DOI 10.4018/978-1-60566-976-2.ch016
TI Information technology industry dynamics: Impact of disruptive innovation
   strategy
AU Georgantzas NC; Katsamakas E
TC 0
SO EMERG SYST APPROACHES INFO TECHNOL CONCEPTS THEOR APPLIC
PY 2009
AB This chapter combines disruptive innovation strategy (DIS) theory with the
   system dynamics (SD) modeling method.  It presents a simulation model of the
   hard-disk (HD) maker population overshoot and collapse dynamics, showing
   that DIS can crucially affect the dynamics of the IT industry.  Data from
   the HD maker industry help calibrate the parameters of the SD model and
   replicate the HD makers' overshoot and collapse dynamics, which DIS
   allegedly caused from 1973 through 1993. SD model analysis entails
   articulating exactly how the structure of feedback relations among variables
   in a system determines its performance through time.  The HD maker
   population model analysis shows that, over five distinct time phases, four
   different feedback loops might have been most prominent in generating the HD
   maker population dynamics.  The chapter shows the benefits of using SD
   modeling software, such as iThink®, and SD model analysis software, such as
   Digest®. The latter helps detect exactly how changes in loop polarity and
   prominence determine system performance through time.  Strategic scenarios
   computed with the model also show the relevance of using SD for information
   system management and research in areas where dynamic complexity rules.  ©
   2010, IGI Global.

---

UT 1057
AR Kiani B, 2009, INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG, V26, P685, DOI
   10.1108/02656710910975750
TI System dynamics approach to analysing the cost factors effects on cost of
   quality
AU Kiani B; Shirouyehzad H; Bafti FK; Fouladgar H
TC 74
SO INT J QUAL RELIAB MANAG
PY 2009
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to propose a model for analysing the
   influence of costs of quality.  Design/methodology/approach - A model is
   designed by using a causal loop diagram and is analysed through a system
   dynamics approach.  The model simulation is prepared by Vensim software.
   Findings - Prevention and appraisal costs are the two effective cost
   factors.  The model represented in this paper reveals that prevention costs
   have the most effect on total cost of quality and especially external
   failure costs.  Hence, in order to achieve the customer expected quality
   level, prevention and appraisal costs should be considered.  Research
   limitations/implications - Calculating and measuring non-conformance costs
   is very difficult in organizations and some errors and mistakes may happen.
   Practical implications - A system dynamics approach can analyse and measure
   the amount of prevention cost effects on cost of quality in different
   organizations.  Originality/value - The proposed methodology demonstrates
   the use of an innovative approach in developing a cost of quality concept
   and constructing a practical framework for system dynamics in a real case.
   © Emerald Group Publishing Limited.
DE business analysis; modeling; organizational processes; quality costs

---

UT 1058
AR Hoffman JL, 2009, INSTITUTIONAL ANAL PRAX SOC FABR MATRIX APPROACH, P237,
   DOI 10.1007/978-0-387-88741-8_11
TI Application of the ithink ® system dynamics software program to the social
   fabric matrix to analyze public school finance systems
AU Hoffman JL
TC 0
SO INSTITUTIONAL ANAL PRAX SOC FABR MATRIX APPROACH
PY 2009
AB State finance systems for public elementary and secondary education are a
   complex institution of court decisions and state statutes, working together
   as rules of law, agency rules and regulations, and administrative codes.
   The ithink® Analyst system dynamics software program and the social fabric
   matrix (SFM) were used for a public school finance lawsuit in the state of
   Nebraska.  A model of Nebraska's education finance system, known as the Tax
   Equity and Educational Opportunities Support Act (TEEOSA), is constructed by
   integrating into the SFM the system components of belief statements, laws,
   rules, regulations, public finance data, and annual financial reports of
   public school districts, student enrollment data, and public organizations
   in an Excel spreadsheet.  Digraphs are created using ithink® Analyst system
   dynamics program to show the flows and deliveries between and within the
   parts of the Nebraska education finance system.  This analysis is useful in
   policy evaluation and development, law and rule making, and court ruling.
   This chapter contains two sections.  The first section will describe the key
   structural components of the Nebraska state aid formula as organized through
   the SFM. The second section demonstrates the general application of the
   ithink® Analyst to model state aid to public education as an integrated
   system.  (This chapter does not describe or address system dynamics.) © 2009
   Springer-Verlag New York.

---

UT 1059
AR Tan K-S, 2010, BUS PROCESS MANAG J, V16, P871, DOI 10.1108/14637151011076511
TI Sustainable enterprise modelling and simulation in a warehousing context
AU Tan K-S; Ahmed MD; Sundaram D
TC 35
SO BUS PROCESS MANAG J
PY 2010
AB Purpose: The paper seeks to propose the concept of sustainable enterprise
   simulation models.  The social, environmental and economic models are
   developed and simulated using iThink in the context of a warehousing and
   distribution company.  Design/methodology/approach: The paper has leveraged
   the systems dynamic paradigm to conduct sustainable enterprise modelling and
   iThink™ system to implement the models.  It uses the design science research
   methodology for the proof of concept of the models and modelling processes.
   The models have been developed for a logistics management company and tested
   in the business settings.  These models were finalised through a number of
   revisions and iterations of the design, develop, simulate and test and
   evaluate.  Findings: The paper addresses the interconnectivity between
   disparate sustainability dimensions for developing the models.  The validity
   and usefulness of the sustainability models for the day-to-day decision
   making has been authenticated by the management of the warehousing
   organisation.  Originality/value: The paper implements system dynamics
   concepts of sustainability modelling and produces models of various
   sustainability dimensions which are original in nature and evolution.  While
   the domain in which sustainable enterprise modelling was carried out was
   warehousing, the concepts and principles that were explored, developed and
   validated is applicable across most enterprises.  © Emerald Group Publishing
   Limited.
DE modeling; sustainable development; warehousing

---

UT 1060
AR Chen C-H, 2005, SCI ENV, V346, P17, DOI 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2004.12.057
TI Development of a dynamic strategy planning theory and system for sustainable
   river basin land use management
AU Chen C-H; Liu W-L; Liaw S-L; Yu C-H
TC 44
SO SCI ENV
PY 2005
AB Land use management is central to government planning for sustainable
   development.  The main purpose of this study is to develop a novel strategy
   planning theory and system to assist responsible authorities in obtaining
   alternatives of sustainable top river basin land use management.  The
   concepts and theory of system analysis, driving force-state-response (DSR)
   framework, and system dynamics are used to establish the DSR dynamic
   strategy planning procedure in this work.  The integrated management of the
   land, water, and air resources of a river basin system is considered in the
   procedure.  Two modified land use management procedures combined with the
   DSR dynamic strategy planning procedure are developed in this work.  Based
   on the DSR dynamic strategy planning procedure, the sustainable river basin
   land use management DSR dynamic decision support system (SRBLUM-DSRD-DSS) is
   developed by using the Vensim, MS Excel, ArcView, and Visual Basic software.
   The concepts of object-orientation are used to develop the system dynamic
   optimization and simulation models of SRBLUM-DSRD-DSS. Based on the modified
   land use management procedures, SRBLUM-DSRD-DSS is used to assist decision
   makers in generating the land use plans of the Nankan river basin in Taoyuan
   County of Taiwan.  Since the decisions of land, water and air resources
   management are still made at different agencies, the land use management
   system should be modified based on the innovational procedure to implement
   the management strategy developed in this work.  The results show that the
   modified land use management procedures can be a guidance for the
   governments in modifying the systems and regulation of urban and regional
   plans in Taiwan.  © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
DE dsr framework; integrated management of land-water-air resources; strategy
   planning; sustainable river basin land use management; system analysis;
   system dynamics
ID cities; conservation of natural resources; environment; models theoretical;
   policy making; rivers; taiwan; water supply; computer simulation; decision
   making; mathematical models; regulatory compliance; river basin projects;
   strategic planning; sustainable development; urban planning; water; basin
   management; land management; river basin; air; article; authority; computer
   program; concept formation; decision making; environmental planning; land
   use; management; orientation; priority journal; river basin; simulation;
   taiwan; theoretical model; urban area; driving force-state-response ( dsr );
   dynamic optimization; land use management; taiwan; land use

---

UT 1061
AR Bjornsson HC, 2000, PROC INT CONF COMPUT CIV BUILD ENG, V279, P702, DOI
   10.1061/40513(279)92
TI A decision support system for road maintenance budget allocation
AU Bjornsson HC; De La Garza JM; Nasir MJ
TC 4
SO PROC INT CONF COMPUT CIV BUILD ENG
PY 2000
AB The road transport system is a large and complex system and the allocation
   of resources to different maintenance activities requires an effective
   maintenance strategy based on a long-term perspective.  This paper presents
   a simulation model based on System Dynamics methodology that can be used as
   a decision support system to effectively allocate road maintenance funds.
   The System Dynamics model is constructed in the Powersim modeling
   environment and it consists of four main module or sub-systems: 1) Financial
   sub-system, 2) Physical sub-system, 3) Functional sub-system, and 4)
   Evaluation sub-system.  The model has been tested for several different
   maintenance policies.  The behavior of the system was studied for several
   combinations of budget allocation that were used in the simulation
   experiments.  © 2004 ASCE.
ID artificial intelligence; budget control; decision making; decision support
   systems; decision theory; dynamics; models; resource allocation; roads and
   streets; transportation; budget allocations; complex systems; decision
   supports; long-term perspectives; main modules; maintenance activities;
   maintenance policies; maintenance strategies; modeling environments; road
   maintenances; road transport systems; simulation experiments; simulation
   models; sub-systems; system dynamics; maintenance

---

UT 1062
AR Perng Y-H, 2007, QUAL MANAG BUS EXCELL, V18, P731, DOI
   10.1080/14783360701349716
TI A service quality improvement dynamic decision support system for
   refurbishment contractors
AU Perng Y-H; Hsia Y-P; Lu H-J
TC 18
SO QUAL MANAG BUS EXCELL
PY 2007
AB A refurbishment industry grows as a nation gradually develops.  To assist
   contractors in building core competencies as well as sustaining competitive
   advantages, a service quality dynamic decision support system (SQDDSS) is
   proposed in this paper.  This system adopts the system dynamics approach as
   the construction model for continuous improvement of service quality.  On
   the basis of quantitative management, a cyclic procedure is developed,
   including current assessment, issue investigation, strategy-making,
   execution performance, feedback and improvement.  Aided by feedback loop
   analysis in the dynamic system and longitudinal case simulation for all
   related scenarios, the decision-maker may constantly achieve optimal
   strategies.  The procedure consists of a model base module, a database
   module and a user interface.  Within the model base, a service quality
   measurement model is built according to SERVQUAL, introduced by Parasuraman
   et al.  (1988), which is provided to measure service quality, while an
   optimal function is applied to assist contractors in developing optimal
   strategy and evaluating required resources.  A case of a housing
   refurbishing company SQDDSS run by the package software, Powersim Studio is
   selected to demonstrate the proposed system.
DE decision support system ( dss ); refurbishment; service quality; system
   dynamics

---

UT 1063
AR Šimundić S, 2009, PROC ELMAR INT SYMP ELECTRON MAR, P171
TI Simulation modelling of reliability of the ship equipment technical systems
AU Šimundić S; Boban M; Ćosić Z
TC 1
SO PROC ELMAR INT SYMP ELECTRON MAR
PY 2009
AB Reliability of any technical system is its most important feature.  This
   paper's research focuses on the simulation modelling of the reliability of
   the ship compressor as one of the ship system elements whose performance
   affects the overall ship's reliability.  The scientific insights obtained by
   using the methodology of the theory of reliability and the System Dynamics
   method, which has proven to be a very efficient method for simulating
   particularly complicated models such as ship compressors, have enabled the
   authors to define the reliability simulation model of the ship compressor in
   the PowerSim Studio 2005 software environment.  The ship compressor model is
   a dynamic, non-linear, stochastic, continuous high-level model which is very
   close to the real-life object.  The purpose of this paper is to encourage
   the application of similar simulation models to real-life situations with
   the aim of preventing unpleasant and unwanted surprises in functioning of
   technical systems and in functioning of the ship as a whole.
DE computer simulation; reliability; ship compressor; technical system
ID compressors; computational methods; quality assurance; reliability theory;
   ship equipment; software reliability; stochastic models; compressor models;
   efficient method; high-level models; nonlinear; reliability simulation; ship
   systems; simulation model; simulation modeling; software environments;
   system dynamics; technical systems; computer simulation

---

UT 1064
AR Dudley RG, 2010, MITIG ADAPT STRATEG GLOB CHANG, V15, P53, DOI
   10.1007/s11027-009-9204-7
TI A little REDD model to quickly compare possible baseline and policy
   scenarios for reducing emissions from deforestation and forest degradation
AU Dudley RG
TC 17
SO MITIG ADAPT STRATEG GLOB CHANG
PY 2010
AB A simple model allows rapid comparison of typical baseline and policy
   scenarios which might be considered under international programs to avoid
   CO2 emissions caused by forest clearing, such as REDD (Reducing Emissions
   from Deforestation and Forest Degradation). These tests of REDD policy
   scenarios can also include CO2 stored in forest products.  The value of
   avoided emissions can also be determined if expected carbon prices, constant
   or varying, are included.  The paper discusses simple illustrative example
   comparisons as well as possible feedback effects within larger scale setting
   of CO2 offset availability, CO2 price and emissions reductions.  © Springer
   Science+Business Media B.V. 2009.
DE avoided emissions; carbon emissions; co2 emissions; deforestation; emissions
   reductions; model; redd; system dynamics; vensim
ID carbon emission; deforestation; emission control; emission inventory;
   environmental policy; forest ecosystem; software

---

UT 1065
AR Shi Y/3, 2010, SCMIS - PROC INT CONF SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG SYST LOGIST SYST ENG
TI Research on the supplier strategy under VMI based on system dynamics
AU Shi Y/3; Peng S/3; Zhang Z/4; Shu G
TC 0
SO SCMIS - PROC INT CONF SUPPLY CHAIN MANAG SYST LOGIST SYST ENG
PY 2010
AB Firstly, this paper combines the principles of inventory management under
   VMI and characteristics of the system dynamics in decision making the
   research on the supplier strategy under VMI suitability and superiority.
   Secondly, according to the demand of real system and the requirements of
   system dynamics models, we delimit the boundary of this model.  Furthermore,
   based on the clear system boundary, a kind of simulation software named
   "Vensim" is proposed to construct the simulation models of Service Level and
   Cost Evaluation in the suppliers perspective under VMI. At last, several
   suggestions are given to improve the performance of supply chain according
   to the results of simulation.
DE supplier strategy; supply chain; system dynamics; vmi
ID computer simulation; computer software; decision making; information
   management; information systems; inventory control; logistics; supply
   chains; system theory; cost evaluations; inventory management; real systems;
   service levels; simulation model; simulation software; supplier strategies;
   system boundary; system dynamics; system dynamics model; vmi; supply chain
   management

---

UT 1066
AR Dundović Č, 2009, PROMET TRAFFIC TRAFFICO, V21, P331, DOI
   10.7307/ptt.v21i5.248
TI Contribution to the development of a simulation model for a seaport in
   specific operating conditions
AU Dundović Č; Bilić M; Dvornik J/2
TC 7
SO PROMET TRAFFIC TRAFFICO
PY 2009
AB The purpose of this paper is to show the efficiency of application of system
   dynamic simulation modelling when researching the behaviour dynamics of the
   port transhipment process, and finding the optimal solution for cargo
   handling with regard to the type and scope of cargo traffic, directions of
   movement, and pace of receiving and shipping of cargo.  In view of the
   potential scientific implementation and verification of the hypotheses about
   the usage of system dynamic simulation models, the goals are multi-
   dimensional as they include designing qualitative and quantitative
   simulation models for a non-linear system, verification of the validity of
   the behaviour dynamics of the model, application of the simulation models,
   application of the parameter optimisation of the simulated process, and
   scientific verification of the results obtained through the simulation of
   the model.  In compliance with the developed system-dynamic, mental-verbal
   and structural model, using the Powersim Studio system-dynamic flowchart of
   the port cargo system, in Powersim Studio simulation language, it is
   possible to conduct a scientific research of the dynamics of the continuous
   behaviour of the observed port cargo system in an experimental way, i.  e.
   by using computers, simulating various scenarios of likely occurrences in
   the real world, without jeopardising it.
DE continued and discrete simulation; modeling transhipment process;
   optimization; system dynamics
ID cargo handling; computer simulation languages; linear systems; model
   structures; nonlinear systems; optimization; simulators; studios; system
   theory; cargo systems; cargo traffic; continued and discrete simulation;
   modeling transhipment process; operating condition; optimal solutions;
   optimization; parameter optimization; quantitative simulation; scientific
   researches; simulated process; simulation language; simulation model;
   structural models; system dynamics; transhipment; cargo handling; computer
   simulation; model validation; numerical model; optimization; port
   development; software; traffic congestion; mathematical models

---

UT 1067
AR Zhang H, 2008, PROC - INT SEMIN FUTUR BIOMED ENG FBIE, P415, DOI
   10.1109/FBIE.2008.106
TI Forecasting water resources demand based on complex system dynamics: A case
   study of Tianjin city
AU Zhang H; Zhai C; Zhang X/3
TC 6
SO PROC - INT SEMIN FUTUR BIOMED ENG FBIE
PY 2008
AB Forecasting water resources demand is being a component of integrated water
   resources management promotes and balances efficiency, equity and
   sustainability objectives for management and allocation of water resources.
   This article introduces the ITHINK software for the forecasting water
   resources demand studies.  System Dynamics is an analytical study
   information feedback system, the understanding system question and the
   solution system question discipline.  The model is dominated by four stocks,
   six flows and twenty-seven converters in this article.  As for the Tianjin
   city, the System Dynamics model is developed for forecasting the tendency of
   the planning years, based on analysis of water resources in Tianjin.  The
   practical verification shows this method forecast relative error is lower
   than 10%. Thus the predicting outcome shows that System dynamics forecasting
   result can offer accurate quantitative information to water resources
   management system.  And that proves that System Dynamics method is an
   available tool for resources plan.  © 2008 IEEE.
DE forecast; ithink; mathematic; system dynamics; water resources demand
ID forecasting; system theory; water analysis; complex system dynamics;
   forecast; information feedback; integrated water resources management;
   ithink; mathematic; predicting outcomes; quantitative information; relative
   errors; solution system; system dynamics; system dynamics model; tianjin;
   water resources management; water resources

---

UT 1068
AR Bupić M, 2010, NASE, V57, P226
TI Simulation model of dynamic behaviour of refrigerated products in a ship's
   refrigerated container; [Simulacijski model dinamickog ponašanja hladenoga
   tereta u brodskomu rashladnom kontejneru]
AU Bupić M; Pavković B; Jemrić T
TC 3
SO NASE
PY 2010
AB Simulation model of dynamic behaviour of refrigerated products has ben based
   on the developed mathematical model, constructional characteristics of the
   tested container, its refrigeration plant and characteristics of
   refrigerated products.  The model presented is a part of dynamic model of
   the complete ship's refrigerated container system, whose individual
   subsystems are refrigerated products, container wall, refrigerated humid air
   in the container, condensation unit, evaporator, container outfit,
   evaporator fan and defroster heater.  The research has been conducted on a
   12,2-metre (40-foot) refrigerated container.  The method of System Dynamics
   and Powersim simulation program have been used for modelling and simulation.
   The dynamic model of the refrigerated products in a ship's refrigerated
   container has been verified and conformed by the comparison of simulation
   results with empirical qualitative data.
DE refrigerated products; ship refrigerated container; simulation model
ID dynamic models; evaporators; refrigerated containers; ships; walls (
   structural partitions ); container walls; dynamic behaviors; humid air;
   modeling and simulations; qualitative data; refrigerated products;
   refrigeration plants; simulation model; simulation program; simulation
   result; system dynamics; condensation; container ship; empirical analysis;
   evaporation; humidity; numerical model; ship design; computer simulation

---

UT 1069
AR Chen Y-C/1, 2007, EXAMINING CONFLU ENV WATER CONCERNS - PROC WORLD ENV WATER
   RESOUR CONGR, DOI 10.1061/40856(200)243
TI Using system dynamics to simulate the Hsinchu region development and water
   resources
AU Chen Y-C/1; Kao S-P; Yang H-C
TC 0
SO EXAMINING CONFLU ENV WATER CONCERNS - PROC WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR
PY 2007
AB Water resource consumption is certainly one of the most complicated and
   delicate issues in planning and developing an urban area.  Supply and demand
   on a single line is very easy to handle.  However, with growing population
   and expanding city parameters, intertwined water pipes get ever so
   complicated and subsequently water management becomes an enormous task.
   Fortunately, with the help of system dynamics analysis, this enormous task
   can be broken down into easy-to-manage and understand steps not only to
   water managers but also to the general public.  Hence, we adopt System
   Dynamics to build a water consumption model of Hsinchu region to give
   different strategies of industry and water management, and to illustrate
   variations of the water supply versus consumption.  Based on the structure
   of Hsinchu water resource system, we used VENSIM to build a system dynamics
   model, which enables to build a virtual laboratory to test the manager's
   strategies and to communicate with the interested groups who are not experts
   of water management.  © 2007 ASCE.
DE china; dynamics; simulation; water resources
ID dynamics; economics; management; managers; urban planning; water management;
   water pipelines; water resources; water supply; broken down; china; general
   publics; hsinchu; region development; resource consumption; simulation;
   supply and demand; system dynamics; system dynamics model; urban areas;
   virtual laboratories; water consumption; water managers; water pipes; water
   resource systems; system theory

---

UT 1070
AR Yeh S-C/1, 2004, ADV ARCH SER, V18, P483
TI Economic-environmental scenario simulations to measure sustainable
   development in Taiwan
AU Yeh S-C/1; Chu Y-P
TC 0
SO ADV ARCH SER
PY 2004
AB The issue regarding the interrelationships between economic development and
   environmental pollution has been of major concern in many countries.  Many
   economic/mathematical models have been developed to describe or predict
   these complex phenomena.  In this research, an aggregated model of a large
   scale region of a nation was developed for exploring the environmental
   burden/pollution attributable to economic development and changes in the
   industrial structure.  A system-dynamics based software Vensim® was employed
   to serve as the modeling tool.  In the economic division, sectoral GDP's
   were computed using the Cobb-Douglas production functions in which the
   technique coefficient and labor share for each economic sector were
   calibrated in advance based on historical data.  Three major employment
   categories, industrial, service, and agricultural, were defined.  Among
   these, there are 12 industrial, 4 service, and 2 agricultural sectors.  In
   the environmental division, key variables regarding river, air, and waste
   pollution were incorporated in the simulation model.  For river pollution,
   BOD5 was selected as the target pollutant and the receiving water bodies
   were 29 main rivers in Taiwan.  For air pollution, TSP, SOx, NOx, and VOCs
   were the target pollutants and they were generated from both stationary and
   mobile sources.  As for waste pollution, hazardous and nonhazardous wastes
   from various sources were key pollutants.  In each of these environmental
   submodels, the generation, treatment, emission, accompanying costs, and
   other important variables were simulated according to many scenarios
   designed by taking into account essential policy variables or parameters in
   practice.  Through these scenario simulations, policy variables sensitive to
   the concerned system performances can be identified.  Thus, the approaches
   to reach some preannounced environmental goals could be understood.  In
   addition, to reflect the environmental degradations caused by various
   pollutions, the concepts of "Green Accounting" were employed and the "Green
   GDP's" obtained by considering these pollutions were calculated.  This
   simulation model is a good prototype for integrating economic and
   environmental issues in a dynamic, interactive, and user-friendly framework.

---

UT 1071
AR Wenzler I, 2005, SIMUL GAMING, V36, P75, DOI 10.1177/1046878104272668
TI Development of an asset management strategy for a network utility company:
   Lessons from a dynamic business simulation approach
AU Wenzler I
TC 24
SO SIMUL GAMING
PY 2005
AB Due to market deregulation, network utility companies are forced to
   transform their asset management to provide better-than-required service
   quality and maximize financial performance.  The author uses a dynamic
   business simulation (DBS) - a modeling and simulation approach based on
   system dynamics - to support development of asset management strategies at a
   couple of network utility companies.  The author describes the background
   and design steps of the DBS approach and evaluates its effectiveness in
   supporting development of the asset management strategy for one network
   utility company in the Netherlands, as well as its capacity to become a part
   of that company's business capabilities.  © 2005 Sage Publications.
DE asset management; business simulation; deregulation; electricity industry;
   investment policy; network utility; participatory modeling; powersim;
   simulation design; system dynamics

---

UT 1072
AR Briano E, 2010, WSEAS TRANS SYST, V9, P327
TI Resiliency and vulnerability in short life cycle products' supply chains: A
   system dynamics model
AU Briano E; Caballini C; Giribone P; Revetria R
TC 9
SO WSEAS TRANS SYST
PY 2010
AB The work is focused on the study of a supply chain related to short life-
   cycle products, that are goods produced and sold for a limited period of
   time like fashion goods, electronic devices, health care service and
   particular foodstuffs.  The case study belongs to the last one category and
   regards a particular good produced by an important Italian food company,
   with several branches all over the world, operating in the field of snacks,
   biscuits and bread substitutes.  Currently the data in the simulation model
   are assumed by the authors due to a delay on the provision, but the real
   company data should be available, properly modified for reasons of
   confidentiality, for the extended version of the paper.  In the following
   sections a simulation model, implemented using the System Dynamics
   methodology, will be described.  System Dynamics approach is suitable for
   complex dynamic systems like the one object of this work; this methodology
   considers in fact time delays and feedback loops, which heavily affect the
   system structure and behavior.  The model has been implemented using one of
   the most known System Dynamics commercial software: Powersim StudioTM,
   because of its flexibility and completeness, allowing also integration with
   databases, external files and ERP systems.  The aim of the simulation is to
   identify and focus on the criticalities along the supply chain in order to
   minimize the total costs and, consequently, maximizing the company
   profits."What If" analysis have been carried out in order to show which is
   the best policy to adopt in terms - for instance - of safety stock or demand
   planning.  Moreover, the concepts of vulnerability and resiliency applied to
   these kinds of supply chains have been analyzed.  After a short
   classification of threats and risks for supply chains, the case in which an
   environmental risk (an earthquake) occurs, striking the raw material
   supplier, is modeled and simulated with the System Dynamics methodology.
   The obtained results show that with a more resilient supply chain,
   characterized by the procurement from two different suppliers (instead on
   only one) located in different geographical areas, business continuity is
   guaranteed even in the case of a natural catastrophe.
DE powersim studio; resiliency; short life cycle products; simulation; supply
   chain management; system dynamics; vulnerability
ID computer simulation; customer satisfaction; dynamical systems; health care;
   health risks; life cycle; profitability; studios; supply chain management;
   system theory; business continuity; commercial software; complex dynamic
   systems; demand planning; electronic device; environmental risks; erp
   system; extended versions; external files; fashion goods; feedback loop;
   food companies; geographical area; health care services; raw material
   suppliers; safety stock; short life cycle products; simulation model; supply
   chain management system; system dynamics; system dynamics approach; system
   dynamics model; system structures; total costs; supply chains

---

UT 1073
AR Guerrin F, 2005, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK
   PROC, P210
TI Simulation of action in production systems
AU Guerrin F
TC 4
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC
PY 2005
AB The attempt to use simulation models as management-support tools puts human
   decision and action to the fore.  Although it is well-known that there is a
   strong intricacy between decision and action, action representation is here
   the focus.  A formalization to implement in simulation models this concept
   is proposed and discussed in the light of the 'situated action' paradigm
   (Suchman 1987), Allen's theory of action and time (Allen 1984), and BRAHMS,
   a model to simulate people's actual practice (Sierhuis 2001). This tentative
   theory originates in modelling and simulation experiences in the field of
   agricultural production systems.  These systems are dealt with at various
   scales of observation: from livestock enterprises or crop plots to whole-
   farm systems or groups of farms (Guerrin and Paillat 2003). Within such
   systems, material (and information) fluxes are issued from processes
   operated by human agents or natural causes.  Two types of fluxes are
   distinguished: those mainly driven by human agents (workable fluxes) and
   those mainly driven by natural causes (biophysical fluxes). These fluxes
   interact through human action that aims at orienting biophysical fluxes by
   acting on workable fluxes.  The emphasis put on action simulation is
   justified by how is conceived the use of models in decision-support for
   managing such systems.  Putting aside the prescriptive approach (the model
   provides the user with the decision) a simulation model is thought of as a
   reflexive tool aimed at fostering experimentation and apprenticeship by the
   user on its own practice.  What-If?  simulation mirroring the interplay of
   intended actions within the system is deemed useful to support stakeholders'
   decision-making (Mc Cown 2002). Hence, the model needs not represent the
   decision cognitive process, but rather, 'what' is being done in fact.  The
   main concern is thus to simulate the actions and their consequences
   resulting from scenarios described in terms of situations, plans, management
   rules, constraints, to help the user compare policy trade-offs.  The
   modelling ontology of action proposed here generalizes and builds upon the
   features developed within two dynamic simulation models applied to livestock
   waste management: MAGMA (Guerrin 2001), which simulates the application on
   crops of manure from various livestock in a one-to-many or many-to-one
   fashions; APPROZUT (Guerrin 2004; Guerrin and Médoc 2005), which simulates
   the deliveries of slurry from multiple pig farms to a unique treatment plant
   in a many-to-one fashion.  An action is represented as a dynamic process by
   a binary function of time.  Action may be singular (occurring once) or
   cyclic (repeating occurrences over time). The state of an action (0 or 1
   values holding on time intervals) is distinguished from the temporal events
   bounding its occurrences.  These are quasi-instantaneous state transitions:
   0→1 determining the start dates of actions' occurrences; 1→0 their end
   dates.  They are generated by changes in other processes playing the role of
   triggering or interrupting conditions.  As long as these changes are not
   detected, action is maintained in its current state.  These processes,
   continuous or discrete, may be a combination of predefined schedules or
   clocks, external processes accounting for the environment, or other actions.
   In turn, an action exerts an immediate or delayed effect on target processes
   (e.g.  fluxes controlling stocks) and system performance indicators.  This
   binary formalization of action gives rise to the use of propositional or
   predicate calculus to reason upon action in a dynamical system framework.
   The management of actions involves mainly action coordination.  It can be
   achieved by several means namely planning, action composition, and
   allocation over time of continuous or discrete resources shared by
   concurrent actions according to their demands and priorities.  An advantage
   of this dynamical system approach is to ease the connection of action models
   with classical dynamic models accounting for the biophysical processes at
   work in production systems.  The mathematical functions used to represent
   these concepts are given and their use is illustrated, for the sake of
   clarity, on simple toy-example simulations.  However, references are made to
   real issues from livestock effluent management experimented with the MAGMA
   and APPROZUT models.  This modelling ontology of action (still under work)
   has been implemented in the Vensim simulation software based on systems
   dynamics.
DE action representation; activity simulation; hybrid dynamical system;
   production system; temporal logic
ID benchmarking; biophysics; computer simulation; computer software; crops;
   decision support systems; dynamical systems; economic and social effects;
   effluents; farms; functions; manures; ontology; production engineering;
   temporal logic; waste management; agricultural robots; behavioral research;
   biophysics; calculations; computer software; crops; decision support
   systems; dynamical systems; economic and social effects; effluents;
   fertilizers; functions; mammals; ontology; waste treatment; action
   coordination; action models; action representation; agricultural production
   system; binary functions; biophysical process; classical dynamics; cognitive
   process; delayed effects; dynamic process; dynamic simulation models;
   effluent management; external process; human actions; human agent; human
   decisions; hybrid dynamical systems; interrupting conditions; many-to-one;
   mathematical functions; modeling and simulations; production system;
   simulation model; simulation software; situated actions; state transitions;
   system performance indicators; systems dynamics; time interval; treatment
   plants; action representations; agricultural production system; dynamical
   system approaches; interrupting conditions; management support tools;
   mathematical functions; modeling and simulations; system performance
   indicators; decision making; decision making

---

UT 1074
AR Luo Y, 2009, PADDY WATER ENV, V7, P1, DOI 10.1007/s10333-008-0146-6
TI Application of system dynamics approach for time varying water balance in
   aerobic paddy fields
AU Luo Y; Khan S; Cui Y; Peng S/2
TC 20
SO PADDY WATER ENV
PY 2009
AB Increasing water scarcity has necessitated the development of irrigated rice
   systems that require less water than the traditional flooded rice.  The
   cultivation of aerobic rice is an effort to save water in response to
   growing worldwide water scarcity with the pressure to reduce water use and
   increase water productivity.  An accurate estimation of different water
   balance components at the aerobic rice fields is essential to achieve
   effective use of limited water supplies.  Some field water balance
   components, such as percolation, capillary rise and evapotranspiration, can
   not be easily measured; therefore a soil water balance model is required to
   develop and to test water management strategies.  This paper presents
   results of a study to quantify time varying water balance under a critical
   soil water tension based irrigation criteria for the cultivation of non-
   ponded "aerobic rice" fields along the lower parts of the Yellow River.
   Based on the analysis and integration of existing field information on the
   hydrologic processes in an aerobic rice field, this paper outlines the
   general components of the water balance using a conceptual model approach.
   The time varying water balance is then analyzed using the feedback relations
   among the hydrologic processes in a commercial dynamic modeling environment,
   Vensim.  The model simulates various water balance components such as actual
   evapotranspiration, deep percolation, surface runoff, and capillary rise in
   the aerobic rice field on a daily basis.  The model parameters are validated
   with the observed experimental field data from the Huibei Irrigation
   Experiment Station, Kaifeng, China.  The validated model is used to analyze
   irrigation application soil water tension trigger under wet, dry and average
   climate conditions using daily time steps.  The scenario analysis show that
   to conserve scarce water resources during the average climate years the
   irrigation scheduling criteria can be set as -30 kPa average root zone soil
   water tension; whereas it can be set at -70 kPa during the dry years,
   however, the associated yields may reduce.  Compared with the flooded
   lowland rice and other upland crops, with these two alternatives irrigation
   event triggers, aerobic rice cultivation can lead to significant water
   savings.  © 2008 Springer-Verlag.
DE aerobic rice; irrigation scheduling; soil water balance; system dynamics;
   vensim; water savings

---

UT 1075
AR Dvornik S, 2008, PROC INT CONF TECHNOL INTERFACES ITI, P697, DOI
   10.1109/ITI.2008.4588496
TI Simulation modelling and optimization of behaviour dynamics of the ship
   steam Boiler TPK-NOVA KLN/VIC-8.5/7
AU Dvornik S; Dvornik J/2; Kulenović Z
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF TECHNOL INTERFACES ITI
PY 2008
AB The aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamic simulation modelling (System Dynamics Modelling - Forrester/[1]) at
   investigating performance dynamics of the marine steam boiler.  Marine steam
   boiler is a complex non-linear system which needs to be systematically
   investigated as a unit consisting of a number of subsystems and elements,
   which are linked by cause-effect (UPV) feedback loops (KPD), both within the
   system and with the relevant surrounding.  In this paper the authors will
   present the efficient application of scientific methods for the research of
   complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative simulation
   System dynamics methodology, which will allow for production and use of
   higher number and kinds of simulation models of the observed elements, and
   finally allow for the continuous computer simulation, which will
   significantly contribute to acquisition of new information about the
   nonlinear character of performance dynamics of marine steam boilers in the
   process of designing and education.  Marine steam boiler will be presented
   in POWERSIM simulation language in mental - verbal, structural and
   mathematical computer models.
DE continuous and discrete simulation; marine steam boiler; simulation
   modeling; system dynamics
ID boilers; chlorine compounds; computational methods; computer simulation;
   computer simulation languages; computer systems; dynamics; information
   technology; linear systems; mathematical models; nonlinear systems;
   research; steam; technology; technology transfer; cause-effect; complex
   dynamic systems; computer modeling; continuous and discrete simulation;
   dynamic simulations; feedback loops; international conferences; marine steam
   boiler; nonlinear characters; performance dynamics; quantitative simulation;
   scientific methods; simulation language; simulation modeling; steam boilers;
   system dynamics; marine boilers

---

UT 1076
AR Chan SL, 2010, EXPERT SYS APPL, V37, P1207, DOI 10.1016/j.eswa.2009.06.030
TI A model for predicting customer value from perspectives of product
   attractiveness and marketing strategy
AU Chan SL; Ip WH; Cho V
TC 44
SO EXPERT SYS APPL
PY 2010
AB This paper proposes a model for customer relationship management (CRM) using
   iThink®, which incorporates the concept of system dynamics.  The proposed
   CRM model consists of module 1: a customer purchasing behavior model, module
   2: a Markov chain model, and module 3: a financial returns model.  By
   considering the marketing activities and product attractiveness to the
   customer, the probability that a customer will (re)purchase can be modeled
   in module 1. The probabilities are then fitted into module 2 for the
   calculation of customer lifetime value (CLV). The estimated CLV for each
   customer is inputted into module 3 to predict the firm's return on
   investment in the long term.  By defining the parameters on the
   attractiveness of a product and on user responses from historical marketing
   campaigns, a firm can easily evaluate its business strategy from both
   marketing and product development perspectives, thereby refining those
   parameters and adopting the best strategy for creating customer value and
   yielding the maximum profit.  A case study of a listed firm in Hong Kong is
   employed to illustrate our model, which not only gives insights into the
   product development, but can also support the decisions related to marketing
   activities.  © 2009 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE customer lifetime value; customer relationship management; markov chain
   model; system dynamics
ID customer satisfaction; markov processes; probability; product development;
   profitability; public relations; strategic planning; system theory; value
   engineering; behavior model; best strategy; business strategy; crm model;
   customer life time value; customer relationship management; customer values;
   financial returns; hong-kong; long-term; marketing activities; marketing
   campaign; marketing strategy; markov chain models; return on investments;
   system dynamics; sales

---

UT 1077
AR Szarka N, 2008, ATMOS ENV, V42, P403, DOI 10.1016/j.atmosenv.2007.09.051
TI Atmospheric emissions modeling of energetic biomass alternatives using
   system dynamics approach
AU Szarka N; Kakucs O; Wolfbauer J; Bezama A
TC 10
SO ATMOS ENV
PY 2008
AB To simulate the quantitative effects of regional biomass alternatives for
   energetic purpose (BfE) on air pollutant emissions, a system dynamics model
   was developed and applied for the EuRegion Austrian-Hungarian cross-border
   area.  The dynamic simulation program Vensim® was used to build an overall
   regional model with economic, social and environmental sectors.  Within this
   model, the here-introduced regional air pollution sub-model (RegAir)
   includes the important human-made emissions of 10 pollutants resulting from
   all relevant source sectors within the region investigated.  Emissions from
   activities related to biomass production, transport, conversion and final
   energy consumption were built in detail.  After building and calibrating the
   RegAir model, seven quantitative test scenarios were defined and implemented
   into the model.  Through the scenarios simulation, effects on air emissions
   were followed and compared over time.  The results of these simulations show
   a significant reduction of CO2 emissions, especially in cases where fossil
   fuel displacement in heating devices is achieved on the largest scale.  On
   the contrary, traditional air pollutants increase by most BfE options.  The
   results of the RegAir model simulations of BfE alternatives over two decades
   provide useful quantifications of various air emissions and identify the
   less pollutant BfE alternatives in the dynamic context of the relevant air
   pollution sources of the region.  After minor structural modifications and
   appropriate calibration, RegAir can be applied to other regions as well.
   However, it is stated that, to finally decide on the overall most-
   appropriate options at a regional level, other environmental as well as
   economic and social effects must be taken into consideration, being the
   latter the goal of the mentioned overall regional model which serves as a
   model frame to the RegAir tool.  © 2007 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE atmospheric emissions; energetic biomass; regional modeling; system dynamics
ID austria; central europe; eurasia; europe; hungary; air pollution; computer
   simulation; gas emissions; mathematical models; biofuel; carbon dioxide;
   anthropogenic source; atmospheric modeling; atmospheric pollution; biomass;
   emission; modeling; quantitative analysis; air pollution; article; austria;
   biofuel production; biomass production; crop production; energy consumption;
   energy conversion; energy crop; exhaust gas; heating; hungary; priority
   journal; simulation; socioeconomics; traffic; atmospheric emissions;
   energetic biomass; regional modeling; system dynamics; biomass

---

UT 1078
AR Yang F, 2009, PROC - INT CONF TECHNOL COMPUT SCI ITCS, V1, P209, DOI
   10.1109/ITCS.2009.48
TI Study on model of supply chain inventory management based on system
   dynamics: Real example analysis of distributor system vensim simulation
   model
AU Yang F
TC 3
SO PROC - INT CONF TECHNOL COMPUT SCI ITCS
PY 2009
AB This paper utilizes Vensim version 5.8 to build the system dynamics
   simulation model of the inventory control in distributor system and makes
   comparison and analysis of the model's simulation outputs under different
   circumstances.  We wish that all these simulations would provide scientific
   supports for enterprise management decision.  © 2009 IEEE.
DE inventory management; supply chain management; system dynamics; system
   simulation
ID computer science; information technology; inventory control; management;
   simulators; supply chains; system theory; enterprise management; inventory
   management; real example; simulation model; system dynamics; system dynamics
   simulation; system simulation; supply chain management

---

UT 1079
AR Dvornik S, 2008, WMSCI - WORLD MULTI-CONF SYST CYBERN INFORMATICS JOINTLY
   INT CONF SYST ANAL SYNTH ISAS - PROC, V5, P100
TI Qualitative simulation model of ship steam boiler
AU Dvornik S; Dvornik J/2; Kulenović Z
TC 1
SO WMSCI - WORLD MULTI-CONF SYST CYBERN INFORMATICS JOINTLY INT CONF SYST ANAL
   SYNTH ISAS - PROC
PY 2008
AB The aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamic simulation modelling (System Dynamics Modelling - Forrester/[1]) at
   investigating performance dynamics of the marine steam boiler.  Marine steam
   boiler is a complex non-linear system which needs to be systematically
   investigated as a unit consisting of a number of subsystems and elements,
   which are linked by cause-effect (UPV) feedback loops (KPD), both within the
   system and with the relevant surrounding.  In this paper the authors will
   present the efficient application of scientific methods for the research of
   complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative simulation This
   paper is a second part of our model and second part of paper [12]. System
   dynamics methodology, which will allow for production and use of higher
   number and kinds of simulation models of the observed elements, and finally
   allow for the continuous computer simulation, which will significantly
   contribute to acquisition of new information about the non-linear character
   of performance dynamics of marine steam boilers in the process of designing
   and education.  Marine steam boiler will be presented in POWERSIM simulation
   language in mental - verbal, structural and mathematical computer models.
DE continuous and discrete simulation; marine steam boiler; simulation
   modeling; system dynamics
ID boilers; cybernetics; information science; information systems; management
   information systems; marine boilers; system theory; systems analysis; cause-
   effect; complex dynamic systems; computer models; continuous and discrete
   simulation; feedback loop; marine steam boiler; performance dynamics;
   qualitative simulation; quantitative simulation; scientific method; steam
   boiler; system dynamics; computer simulation

---

UT 1080
AR Huang J/2, 2006, DIANLI XITONG ZIDONGHUE, V30, P23
TI Peak and valley time price model and simulation based on system dynamics
   part two simulation results and analysis
AU Huang J/2; Huang X/2; Shao L; Fu F
TC 4
SO DIANLI XITONG ZIDONGHUE
PY 2006
AB Simulation and comparison studies of different peak and valley time price
   policies and different response types of users are carried out by simulation
   software VENSIM special for system dynamics.  The simulation results show
   that: (1) The optimal price structure is that the base price is regulated
   with generation price and power supply benefits, and the ratio between peak
   and valley prices is fixed in the initial implementation stages and then
   adjusted with load characteristic when load become stable.  (2) Different
   response type of users have different satisfied price structure, so the
   price structure parameters should be set differently.  (3) The average price
   presents attenuated damping trend under the operation of the supply and
   demand benefit equilibrium mechanism, and the damping amplitude is
   proportional to the lingering time and the peak and valley price difference
   which should comprehensively consider the target of peak load shifting,
   average price fluctuation amplitude and user's enduring capability.
   Simultaneously, it should also shorten the price regulation time as short as
   possible, and smooth the price fluctuation to increase the social benefits
   of peak and valley price policy.
DE pricing strategy; system dynamics; time of use ( tou ) price; user response
ID computer simulation; damping; regulatory compliance; pricing strategy;
   system dynamics; time of use ( tou ) price; user response; electric industry

---

UT 1081
AR Beddek R, 2005, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK
   PROC, P608
TI Integration of groundwater models within an economical decision support
   system framework
AU Beddek R; ElMahdi A; Barnett B; Kennedy T
TC 9
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC
PY 2005
AB Groundwater is a vital resource in Australian agriculture.  Increased demand
   for water resulting from rapid economic development accompanied by poor
   climatic conditions (e.g.  low rainfall levels) has induced an increased
   reliance on groundwater harvesting to sustain intensive irrigation
   practices.  Overdraft of groundwater as a result of reduced surface water
   availability, increased economic viability of farms and the capping of river
   catchment allocations have considerably lowered water tables.  This paper
   describes a decision support system to aid in the sustainable water resource
   use in the Werribee Irrigation District (WID) in Victoria.  This particular
   district provides an ideal set up for the investigative work described below
   as it has a fully calibrated groundwater model and more importantly, it is
   at risk of salinization due to sea water intrusion.  A decision support
   system linking crop water requirements with the available water for
   irrigation (surface and groundwater) is developed using a systems dynamic
   approach (system dynamics offers a new way of modelling the future dynamics
   of complex systems) by dynamically linking crop distribution patterns with
   the behaviour of a coastal aquifer using a finite difference three
   dimensional modelling approach.  This allows the optimisation of
   agricultural production while respecting sustainable groundwater levels in
   the aquifer.  The Modflow 2000 code is used to simulate groundwater dynamics
   in the Werribee Irrigation District.  VENSIM-DSS software, a system dynamics
   tool, was used to optimise crop distribution in the Werribee Irrigation
   District (WID) in Victoria.  This was done by linking Crop distribution mix
   and water demand under set constraints to groundwater drawdown spatial
   distribution resulting from Modflow simulations scenarios.  The study time
   frame was set to 12 months.  Four case scenarios were tested: a high water
   use scenario, a medium water use scenario, a no rice water use scenario and
   a low water use scenario (Vegetables Only). It was found that the "Vegetable
   Only" scenario was the most sustainable as pumping didn't breach the
   predefined sustainability limit 1. Economic Surface and Groundwater Model
   (ESGM) was linked to a calibrated numerical Model developed under Modflow
   (USGS, 1984). The dynamic link takes care of the constraint checking and
   makes it easier for non-modellers to test various scenarios.  This
   management tool as proposed presents the advantage of linking system
   dynamics to physical processes hence giving more realistic outcomes.
DE crop distribution; decision support system; modflow; optimization
ID aquifers; artificial intelligence; catchments; crops; decision making;
   decision support systems; irrigation; mathematical models; optimization;
   seawater; system theory; three dimensional; vegetables; water conservation;
   water levels; water management; water supply; agricultural robots; aquifers;
   catchments; crops; decision making; decision support systems; irrigation;
   seawater; surface waters; system theory; vegetables; water conservation;
   water levels; water management; agricultural productions; available water;
   climatic conditions; coastal aquifers; crop water requirements; decision
   supports; distribution patterns; dynamic links; economic development;
   economic viability; economical decisions; finite difference; groundwater
   drawdown; groundwater dynamics; groundwater models; high water; irrigation
   districts; irrigation practices; low water; management tool; modflow;
   modflow 2000; numerical models; optimization; optimizations; physical
   process; river catchment; set constraints; sustainable groundwater;
   sustainable water resources; system dynamics; systems dynamics; three
   dimensional modeling; time frame; water availability; water demand; water
   tables; water use; agricultural productions; australian agricultures; crop
   water requirements; distribution patterns; groundwater modeling; sustainable
   groundwater; sustainable water resources; three dimensional modeling;
   groundwater resources; groundwater resources

---

UT 1082
AR Hsieh Y-H, 2010, KYBERNETES, V39, P1128, DOI 10.1108/03684921011062746
TI Modeling service experience design processes with customer expectation
   management: A system dynamics perspective
AU Hsieh Y-H; Yuan S-T
TC 24
SO KYBERNETES
PY 2010
AB Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to propose a conceptual framework of
   customer expectation management and a reference model of service experience
   design which are regarded as the basic foundation to model the processes of
   service experience design for service operation strategies simulating and
   testing by employing a system dynamics approach.
   Design/methodology/approach: System dynamics is the key approach which
   includes causal loop diagrams and stock and flow diagrams used to build the
   reference model of experience design.  Simulations of the processes of
   service experience design have also been implemented by Vensim®. Findings:
   It is found that the proposed reference model involving customer expectation
   management can successfully capture the key elements of the service
   experience design within service operation strategies.  The system dynamics
   approach can effectively enable a macro viewpoint of service experience
   design for service operation strategies and policies.  Practical
   implications: With the proposed reference model of service experience design
   and the system dynamics modeling approach, service providers cannot only
   comprehensively examine the processes of service experience design in detail
   but also accomplish the strategies testing and simulating.  Hence, service
   providers can make correct decisions to achieve the business goals via the
   simulation results beforehand.  Originality/value: This paper contributes to
   analyze and combine the idea of customer expectation management with service
   experience design and give rise to a unique reference model of service
   experience design that is shown to be valuable to service operation
   strategies testing and simulating based on the system dynamics perspective.
   © Emerald Group Publishing Limited.
DE customer behavior; customer service management; cybernetics; design;
   expectation
ID cybernetics; design; sales; conceptual frameworks; customer behavior;
   customer expectation managements; customer service management;
   design/methodology/approach; expectation; system dynamics approach; system
   dynamics model; system theory

---

UT 1083
AR Schulstad G, 1997, AQUAC ENG, V16, P7, DOI 10.1016/S0144-8609(96)01016-3
TI Design of a computerized decision support system for hatchery production
   management
AU Schulstad G
TC 12
SO AQUAC ENG
PY 1997
AB This paper addresses system dynamics as a modelling technique to design a
   computerized decision support system for hatchery production management.  A
   simulation model is implemented using the Ithink software, a tool for
   continued process improvement.  The biological component of the model is
   based on well-known aquaculture formulae for young Atlantic salmon.  The
   physical components describe how processes and facilities relate to the
   biological component and vice versa mainly using a mechanistic approach.  An
   economic component limited to selected variable costs is linked to the
   decision support system.  The results indicate conformity with the
   theoretical models used in the simulation model design and verify a
   potential for a computerized decision support system for hatchery management
   principles and production policies.  © 1997 Elsevier Science B.V.
DE computerized decision support system; hatchery; model; production; salmon
ID salmo salar; aquacultural management; aquaculture equipment; computerized
   decision support system; decision support system; fish hatchery; hatcheries;
   hatchery production; production management

---

UT 1084
AR Li Y/13, 2008, IFIP INT FED PROCESS, V255, P1221, DOI
   10.1007/978-0-387-76312-5_48
TI A study on customer satisfaction in mobile telecommunication market by using
   SEM and system dynamic method
AU Li Y/13; Qi J; Shu H/1
TC 7
SO IFIP INT FED PROCESS
PY 2008
AB In this article, a new method is presented to research the mechanism of
   Customer Satisfaction (CS). Firstly, the research model of CS based on the
   TAM and ACSI is built.  Secondly, some important correlation coefficients of
   research model can be got from the SEM method.  Thirdly, with these
   correlation coefficients, the main functions of system dynamic model are
   built, and the evolution of the system is simluated with the help of VENSIM.
   At last, one simple example is designed by using the method and some
   meaningful conclusions are provided.  © 2008 International Federation for
   Information Processing.
DE acsi; customer satisfaction; sem; tam; telecommunication market
ID commerce; customer satisfaction; research; scanning electron microscopy;
   acsi; correlation coefficient; mobile telecommunications; research models;
   system dynamic models; system dynamics; tam; telecommunication market;
   information systems

---

UT 1085
AR Sharifi F, 2009, PROC WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR - WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR
   CONGR RIVERS, V342, P4772, DOI 10.1061/41036(342)481
TI Deriving rule curve for hydropower reservoirs; Seymareh experience
AU Sharifi F; Jalali MR; Afzali R
TC 1
SO PROC WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR - WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR RIVERS
PY 2009
AB A common method of design and operation of hydropower dams in Iran is based
   on peaking hours.  In other words, monthly network demand (peak hours
   multiplied in install capacity) will be fully produced if the water level of
   reservoir in that month is between Minimum Operating Level (MOL) and Normal
   Water Level (NWL). If it is located under MOL or above NWL, the water level
   will be fixed on MOL or NWL and energy production will be lowered or
   increased, respectively.  In order to take into account different monthly
   values of energy, implementing of an operating policy and rule curve is
   indispensable.  The main goal of this study is to derive a set of monthly
   target storage elevation as a rule curve to operate the powerplant of
   Seymareh reservoir in West-South of Iran.  The main simulation model of
   Seymareh reservoir and powerplant is developed in Vensim Environment using
   System Dynamics (SD) approach.  In this process, all the technical and
   practical details of this reservoir are taken into account.  Relations
   between discharge and turbine efficiency and tail water, volume-area-
   elevation relations, reservoir evaporation, overload coefficient and maximum
   and minimum allowable head and turbine discharge are some of these details.
   Energy production will be occurred if the water elevation of a particular
   month of reservoir is located above the defined target elevation of that
   month.  This process is performed on historical time series aiming to
   maximize mean annual value of generated energy.  In the next part of this
   study, to avoid the trial and error process of target elevation selection of
   above discussed simulation model, a simple ACO algorithm with an embedded
   coded simulation model is implemented.  Results show the ability of this
   algorithm in defining a rule curve for an absolutely practical case study.
   © 2009 ASCE.
ID hydroelectric power; reservoirs ( water ); simulators; targets; time series;
   turbines; water levels; aco algorithms; design and operations; energy
   productions; hydropower dams; hydropower reservoirs; network demands;
   operating levels; operating policies; simulation model; system dynamics;
   trial-and-error process; turbine efficiency; water elevation; water
   resources

---

UT 1086
AR Xu T/1, 2008, INT CONF WIREL COMMUN NETW MOB COMPUT WICOM, DOI
   10.1109/WiCom.2008.1899
TI Forecast of oil production in Daqing oilfield based on system dynamics
AU Xu T/1; Baosheng Z; Lianyong F; Lei Y
TC 0
SO INT CONF WIREL COMMUN NETW MOB COMPUT WICOM
PY 2008
AB Through a thorough collation and analysis of the historical data about
   exploration and development of Daqing oilfield, a system dynamics model of
   oil production in the field is established in this paper.  Parameters in the
   model are analyzed and determined, and simulations are made to forecast the
   oil production, degree of reserve recovery, remaining recoverable reserves,
   the direct exploration investment for new recoverable reserves per 10000
   tons and the reserve/production ratio of Daqing oilfield before 2060 with
   Vensim software.The forecast results show that the objective of establishing
   a centurial oilfield for Daqing can be realized, but the sustainable
   development of the field will face many challenges such as the continuous
   decline in oil production before 2030 and the decrease of economic benefit
   probably arising after 2030. It is worth paying more attention to the
   challenges for decision-makers.  © 2008 IEEE.
DE centurial oilfield; daqing oilfield; oil production forecast; system
   dynamics
ID dynamics; forecasting; mobile computing; natural resources exploration; oil
   field development; oil fields; petroleum engineering; petroleum prospecting;
   planning; strategic planning; well stimulation; wireless networks; wireless
   telecommunication systems; centurial oilfield; daqing oilfield; economic
   benefits; historical datums; oil production forecast; recoverable reserves;
   reserve recoveries; system dynamics; system dynamics models; reserves to
   production ratio

---

UT 1087
AR Cavana RY, 2007, INT SOC SYST SCI - ANNU MEET INT SOC SYST SCI ISSS, P923
TI Integrated system dynamics: Analysis of policy options for tobacco control
   in New Zealand
AU Cavana RY; Tobias M
TC 0
SO INT SOC SYST SCI - ANNU MEET INT SOC SYST SCI ISSS
PY 2007
AB This paper addresses the conference theme of "Integrated Systems Sciences:
   Systems Thinking, Modeling and Practice" by providing a case study using
   Integrated System Dynamics.  The paper uses the five phase integrated system
   dynamics approach outlined by Maani and Cavana involving: problem
   structuring, causal loop modelling [systems thinking]; dynamic modelling,
   scenario planning & modelling [systems modeling]; and implementation &
   organisational learning [systems practice]. The paper provides an overview
   of the system dynamics model that has been developed to assist the Ministry
   of Health to evaluate the dynamic consequences of tobacco control policies
   in New Zealand.  The model consists of 4 sectors: population; smoking
   prevalences; second hand smoke; and tobacco attributable deaths.  The model
   is simulated for 20-30 years into the future.  The simulation package used
   is 'iThink', and a user interface is presented for policy analysis.  A range
   of illustrative scenarios are provided, including: business as usual; fiscal
   strategies involving less affordable cigarettes; harm minimisation
   strategies involving either less addictive cigarettes or less toxic
   cigarettes; and combinations of the above policies.  The main output
   variables (performance measures) include current smoking prevalence, tobacco
   consumption, and tobacco attibutable mortality.  Finally areas for future
   model enhancement are identified.
DE dynamic simulation; new zealand ministry of health; system dynamics; tobacco
   control policies; tobacco policy model
ID computer simulation; integrated control; system theory; user interfaces;
   business-as-usual; five phase; future models; integrated systems; new
   zealand; organizational learning; output variables; performance measure;
   policy analysis; policy model; policy options; problem structuring; scenario
   planning; second hand smokes; simulation packages; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; systems modeling; systems thinking; tobacco consumption;
   tobacco control; tobacco

---

UT 1088
AR Liu J-L, 2006, PROC 2006 INT CONF MACH LEARN CYBERN, V2006, P2040, DOI
   10.1109/ICMLC.2006.258340
TI The study of customer complaints management based on system dynamics:
   Modeling and simulation
AU Liu J-L; Kang J; Bai Y; Zhang X/12
TC 6
SO PROC 2006 INT CONF MACH LEARN CYBERN
PY 2006
AB In this paper, based on the relationships among customer satisfaction,
   repeated purchases, customer loyalty, complaint-voicing rate and complaint-
   dealing ability, a model is built to analysis customer flow resulting from
   the complaint management with the system dynamics method.  Applying Vensim
   5.0, customer flow is simulated with the data from China's mobile market.
   Through analyzing the simulation results we can identify the key factors of
   system.  Finally we obtain the high-point of the system running by adjusting
   the key factors effectively and continuously.  We have also studied how to
   adjust the factors according to the experimental datum which provides
   guidance to managers making decisions.  © 2006 IEEE.
DE complaint-dealing ability; complaint-voicing rate; customer loyalty;
   customer satisfaction; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; data acquisition; data reduction; data structures;
   systems analysis; complaint-dealing ability; complaint-voicing rate;
   customer loyalty; system dynamics; customer satisfaction

---

UT 1089
AR Peterson DW, 1994, SYST DYN REV, V10, P159, DOI 10.1002/sdr.4260100205
TI Reality check: A bridge between systems thinking and system dynamics
AU Peterson DW; Eberlein RL
TC 46
SO SYST DYN REV
PY 1994
AB System dynamics models are suppose to be more robust than other kinds of
   simulation models.  However, tests of robustness are usually underused and
   underdocumented.  To allow the extensive use of robustness tests, we have
   included in the Vensim software a language for defining qualitative and
   quantitative tests, and a facility for automatically executing the tests on
   a simulation model.  Such automatic tests are called Reality Check tests.
   These tests provide an explicit indication of model quality and an effective
   way of comparing models.  Copyright © 1994 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.

---

UT 1090
AR Khan S/1, 2007, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL - L WATER ENV MANAG INTEGR
   SYST SUSTAIN PROC, P205
TI System dynamics analysis of a land based stream salinity management approach
AU Khan S/1; Ahmad A
TC 0
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL - L WATER ENV MANAG INTEGR SYST SUSTAIN PROC
PY 2007
AB In river plains, tributary streams generally carry rainfall runoff from
   catchments, escape water from irrigation areas and groundwater inflows.
   Rainfall runoff from inland catchments and escape water from irrigated land
   areas are normally of low salinity as compared to that of groundwater
   inflows, for example in the Murray River catchment the groundwater salinity
   can be as high as 50,000 µS/cm.  High salinity levels in the rivers are
   responsible for increasingly serious environmental, economic and social
   consequences in the downstream irrigated regions.  Preventive and remedial
   strategies are adopted to manage salt load in stream flows at the catchment
   and farm scales, particularly in dryland areas of Australia.  The aim of
   preventive strategies is to prevent further increase in salt load by
   decreasing discharges of salt from catchments and from rising watertables.
   The aim of remedial strategies is to decrease or at least stabilize salt
   load in flows and to manage agricultural saline wastewater discharges.
   Catchment scale studies suggest that management of stream salinity require
   greater land use change than is economically viable.  However, there has not
   been significant breakthrough in suggesting cost-effective farm scale stream
   salinity management alternatives, especially for irrigated areas.  Removal
   of saline water from the Box Creek Stormwater Escape Channel (SEC) in the
   Murray Irrigation Area by pumping into off-stream storage can improve the
   stream water quality.  This paper presents an application of the system
   dynamics (SD) analysis of composite salinity of the storage water which is
   subjected to land based salinity management approach for contaminated
   waters.  Contaminated surface waters are now frequently treated using a
   series of vegetated wetlands where intense biological processing occurs.
   One option for managing inevitable drainage water is to sequentially use and
   re-use it to grow salt-tolerant crops while concentrating the drainage to a
   manageable level.  This treatment system is known as the “Sequential
   Biological Concentration (SBC)”. The results of SD iterative simulations of
   feedback mechanisms (Figure 1A) involved in controlling the dynamics of
   storage and its salinity levels show that 330 ML storage will be sufficient
   to extract significant amount of salt loads from the creek and supply to the
   SBC system of 30 ha plot in the first stage of treatment.  Also it was found
   that the proposed SBC system is more efficient in terms of salts removed per
   unit volume of water extracted from the creek during the dry periods
   (2002-03). This paper presents a scoping study for salinity management of
   the Box Creek SEC receiving saline agricultural drainage through SBC setup
   simulated by system dynamics modelling.  © MODSIM 2007 - International
   Congress on Modelling and Simulation - Land, Water and Environmental
   Management: Integrated Systems for Sustainability, Proceedings.  All rights
   reserved.
DE agricultural drainage; sequential biological concentration; stream salinity;
   system dynamics; vensim
ID agricultural robots; catchments; cost effectiveness; crops; economic and
   social effects; environmental management; groundwater; integrated control;
   irrigation; land use; rain; runoff; saline water; stream flow; sustainable
   development; system theory; water conservation; water management; water
   pollution; water quality; agricultural drainage; biological processing;
   contaminated surface water; groundwater salinities; iterative simulation;
   preventive strategies; stream water quality; system dynamics modeling;
   rivers

---

UT 1091
AR Deming Z, 2009, INT CONF BUS INTELL FINANC ENG BIFE, P519, DOI
   10.1109/BIFE.2009.123
TI Decision support model and simulation for knowledge transfer in innovation
   networks
AU Deming Z; Chuanrong W
TC 0
SO INT CONF BUS INTELL FINANC ENG BIFE
PY 2009
AB Knowledge transfer is a very important activity in innovation networks.  The
   factors in decision making of knowledge transfer are too complex to be
   considered fully in detail.  Based on the analysis of the cooperation of
   enterprises and research institutes in innovation networks, a causal graph
   and a decision support model are presented.  The system dynamics based
   decision support model takes into account of many factors in knowledge
   transfer, and can analyze the importance of each factor easily.  To test the
   efficiency of the model, it is realized by the well known software tool
   called Vensim.  A great deal of data from China statistical yearbooks are
   employed to test the predictive precision of the model.  Experimental
   results showed that the predicted results are in accordance with the actual
   data.  As an application of the model, several suggestions on knowledge
   transfer decision making are deduced from the model.  © 2009 IEEE.
DE decision making; innovation network; knowledge transfer; simulation; system
   dynamics
ID decision support systems; innovation; knowledge management; simulators;
   societies and institutions; system theory; causal graph; decision support
   models; innovation network; knowledge transfer; predictive precision;
   research institutes; simulation; software tool; system dynamics; decision
   making

---

UT 1092
AR Zhou Y, 2007, J BEIJING INST TECHNOL ENGL ED, V16, P53
TI Simulation study of enterprise performance improvement based on the system
   dynamics
AU Zhou Y; Zhang M-Q; Luo M
TC 0
SO J BEIJING INST TECHNOL ENGL ED
PY 2007
AB Based on the graphic analysis of the correlations among the affecting
   factors in the enterprise performance improvement process, the system
   dynamics (SD) model of performance improvement is proposed with the help of
   Vensim software.  It was simulated by using the data from a textile company
   to get the ten years' dynamic relationship between performance and the
   factors.  The key factors testified in the simulation are the fixed assets
   investment and market condition which produce the significant impact on the
   performance improvement, while it is worse to invest excessive money in
   management, R and D, HR and informationization.  It also proved that SD
   simulation is a valid method to find out and improve the positive factors of
   performance.
DE complex system; enterprise performance improvement; simulation; system
   dynamics
ID dynamic models; enterprise resource management; investments; large scale
   systems; marketing; complex system; enterprise performance improvement;
   system dynamics; industrial management

---

UT 1093
AR Campuzano-Bolarín F, 2010, DYNA, V85, P513, DOI 10.6036/3739
TI Traditional and collaborative supply chains.  Bullwhip effect analysis and
   other related costs; [Cadenas de suministro tradicionales y colaborativas.
   Análisis del efecto látigo y otros costes relacionados]
AU Campuzano-Bolarín F; Martínez-Caro E; Ros-McDonnell L
TC 0
SO DYNA
PY 2010
AB The Bullwhip effect is one of the main causes of instability in the
   management demand process along the Supply Chain.  Nowadays there are
   different supply chain management structures based on collaboration among
   the companies which integrate the same chain.  That collaboration may reduce
   the Bullwhip Effect.  In this paper some of said structures are modelled and
   simulated under Vensim © software, in particular, Vendor Managed Inventory
   (VMI) and Electronic Point of Sales (EPOS). Simulation results are compared
   to those offered by Traditional Supply Chain.  Moreover these mentioned
   Supply Chain Management Models are built under Systems Dynamic Methodology,
   which allow the manager to recreate different management scenarios and
   choose those which match with the company targets (tactic or operative
   ones).
DE bullwhip effect; electronic point of sales ( epos ); logistics; simulation;
   supply chain management; systems dynamics; vendor managed inventory ( vmi )

---

UT 1094
AR Khan S, 2009, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V24, P1363, DOI 10.1016/j.envsoft.2007.06.006
TI Analysing complex behaviour of hydrological systems through a system
   dynamics approach
AU Khan S; Yufeng L; Ahmad A/1
TC 98
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2009
AB The interaction among various water cycle components consists of complex,
   non-linear, and bidirectional (interdependent) biophysical processes which
   can be interpreted using feedback loops in a system dynamics (SD)
   environment.  This paper demonstrates application of an SD approach with two
   case studies using a specialised software tool, Vensim.  The first case
   study simulates water balance in a rice field system on a daily basis under
   aerobic conditions with provision of supplemental irrigation on demand.  A
   physically based conceptual water balance model was developed and then
   implemented using Vensim to simulate the processes that occur in the field
   water balance system including percolation, surface runoff, actual
   evapotranspiration, and capillary rise.  The second case study simulates
   surface-groundwater dynamic interactions in an irrigation area where river
   water and groundwater are two key sources of irrigation.  The modelled
   system encompasses dynamically linked processes including seepage from the
   river, evaporation from a shallow watertable, groundwater storage, and
   lateral flow from upland to lowland areas.  The model can be applied to
   simulate responses of different irrigation management scenarios, to develop
   strategies to improve water use efficiency and control watertable, to
   prevent salinization in upland, and to reduce the cost of groundwater
   abstraction in lowland areas.  The discussed applications of the SD approach
   conclude that it helps to conceptualize and simulate complex and dynamic
   water system processes deterministically which are otherwise partly
   simulated by conventional hydrologic and stochastic modelling approaches.
   It is recognised that conceptualization and implementation phases of this
   approach are challenging, however, the latter is greatly assisted by modern
   computer softwares.  © 2007 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE aerobic rice; causal loop diagrams; china; dynamic simulation; groundwater;
   irrigation; salinity; soil water balance; surface-groundwater interaction;
   system dynamics; vensim
ID asia; china; eurasia; far east; computer simulation languages; diffusers (
   optical ); groundwater; hydrogeology; irrigation; landforms; research;
   salinity measurement; simulators; soil moisture; solvents; system theory;
   underwater soils; water conservation; water management; water supply; word
   processing; aerobic rice; causal loop diagrams; china; dynamic simulation;
   salinity; soil water balance; surface-groundwater interaction; system
   dynamics; vensim; groundwater flow; groundwater-surface water interaction;
   hydrodynamics; hydrological cycle; hydrological modeling; irrigation;
   lowland environment; paddy field; salinity; soil water; water budget; water
   storage; water table; hydraulic models

---

UT 1095
AR Long F, 2010, INT CONF MECH AUTOM CONTROL ENG MACE, P4781, DOI
   10.1109/MACE.2010.5536353
TI Study of the generation system of municipal plastics waste based on system
   dynamics model
AU Long F; Song B; Xia X; Xue L; Wang Q/3
TC 1
SO INT CONF MECH AUTOM CONTROL ENG MACE
PY 2010
AB In order to strengthen the management of municipal plastics waste, the
   amount, development trend and factors interactions of the generation should
   be studied.  On the basis of studying the dynamic response relationship
   between the generation course and the ciety, economy and environment, this
   paper established a system dynamics model about the generation system of
   municipal plastics waste based on VENSIM software.  Using Beijing as an
   example city, the simulations and prediction were conducted in scenarios the
   result of which was analyzed comprehensively, and the suggestions for the
   regulation and management of plastics waste were put forward.  ©2010 IEEE.
DE plastics waste; scenario analysis; system dynamics
ID dynamic response; dynamics; elastomers; plastic products; plasticity; system
   theory; development trends; generation systems; plastics waste; scenario
   analysis; system dynamics; system dynamics model; waste management

---

UT 1096
AR Spector JM, 2001, COMPUT HUM BEHAV, V17, P517, DOI
   10.1016/S0747-5632(01)00025-5
TI Models and simulations for learning in complex domains: Using causal loop
   diagrams for assessment and evaluation
AU Spector JM; Christensen DL; Sioutine AV; McCormack D
TC 72
SO COMPUT HUM BEHAV
PY 2001
AB The aim of this paper is to describe issues related to interactivity and
   access to underlying models and representations in learning environments for
   complex domains.  There is some evidence to suggest that system dynamics can
   be effectively used to promote understanding in complex domains [e.g.
   Davidsen, P. I. (1994a). Implementing elements of system dynamics approach
   to organisational learning.  Proceedings of ESS'94, SCS. Ghent, Belgium;
   Davidsen, P. I. (1994b). The systems dynamics approach to computer-based
   management learning environments: implications and their implementations in
   Powersim.  In J. D. W. Morecroft, & J. D. Sterman (Eds.), Modeling for
   learning organizations, (pp.  301-316). Portland: Productivity Press;
   Davidsen, P. I. (1996). Educational features of the system dynamics approach
   to modelling and simulation.  Journal of Structured Learning, 12(4),
   269-290; Sterman, J. D. (1988). People express management flight simulator.
   Cambridge, MA: Sloan School of Management; Sterman, J. D. (1994). Learning
   in and about complex systems.  System Dynamics Review 10(2/3), 291-300.].
   However, there is insufficient evidence to establish whether or not this is
   in fact the case.  Moreover, there has been little effort to address
   strategic design issues pertaining to the effective use of system dynamics
   in promoting learning in and about complex systems.  This paper is an
   attempt to review the relevant conceptual issues in promoting learner
   engagement with appropriate and relevant representations for complex
   domains.  A specific approach will be presented and defended, an elaboration
   example will be discussed, and early evaluation results will be reported.
   Finally, a method for evaluating these environments and assessing individual
   progress will be defended.  © 2001 Elsevier Science Ltd.  All rights
   reserved.
DE causal loop mapping; cognitive mapping; complex learning; evaluation;
   interactivity; simulation-based learning; system dynamics
ID computer simulation; learning systems; logic design; systems analysis;
   cognitive mapping; system dynamics; computer supported cooperative work

---

UT 1097
AR Choi SO, 2005, TAEHAN KANHO HAKHOE CHI, V35, P323, DOI
   10.4040/jkan.2005.35.2.323
TI The development of an organizational socialization process model for new
   nurses using a system dynamics approach
AU Choi SO
TC 2
SO TAEHAN KANHO HAKHOE CHI
PY 2005
AB PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to examine the problems and relevant
   variables for effective Organizational Socialization of new nurses, to
   produce a causal map, to build up a simulation model and to test its
   validity.  METHOD: The basic data was collected from Sep.  2002 to July
   2003. The Organizational Socialization process of new nurses was analyzed
   through a model simulation.  The VENSIM 5.0b DSS program was used to develop
   the study model.  RESULT: This Model shows interrelation of these result
   variables: organizational commitment, job satisfaction, job performance,
   intention of leaving the work setting, decision making ability, and general
   results of Organizational Socialization.  The model's factors are
   characteristic of organization and individual values, task-related knowledge
   and skills, and emotion and communication that affects new nurses'
   socialization process.  These elements go through processes of anticipatory
   socialization, encounter, change and acquisition.  The Model was devised to
   induce effective Organizational Socialization results within 24 months of
   its implementation.  The basic model is the most efficient and will also
   contribute to the development of knowledge in the body of nursing.
   CONCLUSION: This study will provide proper direction for new Nurse's
   Organizational Socialization.  Therefore, developing an Organizational
   Socialization Process Model is meaningful in a sense that it could provide a
   framework that could create effective Organizational Socialization for new
   nurses.
ID adult; female; humans; middle aged; models organizational; nurses;
   organizational culture; socialization; adult; article; female; human; middle
   aged; nonbiological model; nurse; organization; socialization

---

UT 1098
AR Lowry TS, 2007, RESTORING NAT HABITAT - PROC WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR,
   DOI 10.1061/40927(243)85
TI Multi-platform decision support system
AU Lowry TS; Tidwell VC; Pierce SA; Cain W; Dulay MM
TC 0
SO RESTORING NAT HABITAT - PROC WORLD ENV WATER RESOUR CONGR
PY 2007
AB The Edwards aquifer is a karstic aquifer which discharges naturally to
   springs that support a number of endangered aquatic species.  Past and
   projected rates of development and urbanization are high as are the
   political stakes in managing regional growth and water resources in a
   sustainable manner.  Key issues involve how can development occur or what
   type of development is acceptable to maintain critical spring flows, water
   quality, maximum pumping from the aquifer, and environmental quality with
   intergenerational equity.  We are developing a decision support system (DSS)
   that links scientific and management models that incorporate community
   stakeholder input, optimization algorithms, and decision analysis tools.
   The Texas Water Development Board's groundwater availability model is the
   basis for the DSS. We scale the distributed parameter model (MODFLOW) into a
   systems dynamics model (POWERSIM ©) with links to socio-economic data and
   stakeholder preferences.  Key decision variables include: well distribution
   and pumping rates, impervious cover, water and sewage line distributions,
   and stream setbacks.  Key outputs include spring flow and water table
   declines in drought years.  Overcoming uncertainties in the relationships
   between land use, recharge, and aquifer performance is a significant
   challenge.  Understanding the interconnection between systems and hypothesis
   testing to bracket expected changes in recharge provide valuable information
   for groundwater management, which we are testing through stakeholder input,
   including narrative elicitation.  The DSS allows comparison of hypotheses
   about spatial recharge distributions and communication with decision makers
   in a timely, policy-relevant format that is compatible with Texas policy for
   quantifying consensus and available yields.  This research is being
   conducted at The University of Texas at Austin and Sandia National
   Laboratories.  © 2007 ASCE.
ID aquifers; artificial intelligence; availability; decision making; economic
   and social effects; groundwater resources; water quality; availability
   models; decision analysis tool; decision support system ( dss );
   distributed-parameter model; environmental quality; intergenerational
   equity; optimization algorithms; texas water development boards; decision
   support systems

---

UT 1099
AR Trygstad JC, 1993, PROC SPE EAST REG CONF EXHIB, P401, DOI 10.2523/26934-ms
TI Dynamic modeling of permeability and small-scale stratigraphy in a core plug
AU Trygstad JC
TC 0
SO PROC SPE EAST REG CONF EXHIB
PY 1993
AB System dynamics modeling of flow and rock textures might be helpful for
   testing hypotheses on changing flow capability of reservoir rock.  It is
   desireable to be able to model changing rock textures and flow capability in
   the computer because most reservoir rock volume is located away from cored
   wells and is not accessible for direct observation and measurement.  To use
   system dynamics modeling, a system must change over time.  We know flow
   pathways change over time, because of diagenetic processes, and because of
   formation damage and production itself.  System dynamics models are
   constructed by modeling assumptions about present conditions.  System
   behavior, for example flow, is then simulated by changing certain specific
   conditions.  When simulation results do not match our hypotheses, then
   either our hypotheses are wrong or our basic assumptions of the model are
   wrong.  If simulation results mirror our expectations, then we have an
   effective model for communicating our assumptions and predictions to others.
   Thus dynamic modeling tests our ideas and hypotheses, and it communicates
   these to others.  Because modeling is used in most disciplines, organizing
   geologic information in system dynamics format eases communication of
   geologic information across disciplines, presenting it explicitly.  A
   dynamic model that demonstrates interactions among small-scale stratigraphy
   and flow parameters in a core plug is presented here.  It was developed
   using commercially available STELLA software.  In the core plug and in the
   model, diagenetic processes have modified depositional textures.  Data
   categories are organized into feedback loops according to suggested relative
   influences on each other.  These influences are described by equations or
   'if-then' statements.
ID computer simulation; computer software; flow of fluids; mechanical
   permeability; oil wells; petroleum reservoirs; rocks; textures; core plug;
   diagenetic processes; dynamic modeling; flow pathways; hypotheses; reservoir
   rock; software package stella; stratigraphy

---

UT 1100
AR Jurjević M, 2010, NASE, V57, P121
TI An approach to the analysis of dynamic characteristics of marine diesel
   engine cooling system; [Jedan pristup analizi dinamičkih karakteristika
   sustav hladenja dizelskoga motora]
AU Jurjević M; Jurjević N; Milić-Beran I
TC 0
SO NASE
PY 2010
AB The modern approach of the exploration of dynamic characteristic of elements
   or system of some device has been enabled by system dynamics.  System
   dynamics is an excellent software system for studying the dynamic of the
   behaviour of natural, technical and societal realities i.e.  system of
   various natures and features in which there exist relatively high analogy
   rate.  The methodology of its work, including even the use of digital
   computers has shown to be an efficient mean for solving the problems:
   management, behaviour, sensitivity, flexibility and studying of dynamics of
   the behaviour of the systems of high complexity by computer simulation, in
   laboratory what means without danger for the realities observed.  For the
   usage of system dynamics in the solution of complex problems, various
   complex knowledge from various scientific disciplines are required, but good
   knowledge of the nature of the problem itself, which is being analyzed.  The
   paper has analyzed dynamic characteristic of cooling system in marine diesel
   engines by means of system dynamics.  The cooling system of propulsion of
   MDE is a complex system onto which various disorders act and due to their
   changeable act result into the changes of working temperature of MDE. System
   dynamic approach in the analysis of MDE enable us to obtain the answer to
   the question "What if..." in other words we arrive at the solution what the
   reaction would be at the changes of any variable in the cooling system.  The
   paper has shown: dynamic and static regime of work, mathematic model of the
   cooling system of MDE, simulation model in POWERSIM programme language and
   diagrams of the flows of water.
DE cooling system; diesel engine propulsion; simulation
ID computer simulation; computer simulation languages; cooling; cooling
   systems; digital computers; dynamic analysis; marine engines; problem
   solving; propulsion; system theory; thermoelectric equipment; complex
   problems; complex systems; dynamic characteristics; marine diesel engines;
   mathematic model; scientific discipline; simulation; simulation model;
   software systems; system dynamics; what-if; working temperatures; computer
   simulation; cooling; diesel engine; software; diesel engines

---

UT 1101
AR Behara Ravi S, 1996, PROC ANNU MEET DECIS SCI INST, V3, P1581
TI Modeling the dynamics of service quality
AU Behara Ravi S
TC 0
SO PROC ANNU MEET DECIS SCI INST
PY 1996
AB Service quality research has typically been dominated by a focus on
   addressing the detailed elements that comprise the construct.  Recent trends
   have begun to focus on the `cause and effect' relationships that exist
   between the antecedents of service quality.  This paper discusses the
   modeling of these interactions using a systems dynamics approach.  The case
   for systems thinking and dynamic complexity in service quality is initially
   made.  Dynamic modeling is then discussed in the context of an insurance
   claims adjustment case.  The model is developed using ITHINK software, a
   popular systems dynamics modeling tool.
ID computer simulation; computer software; industrial insurance; mathematical
   models; quality control; service quality; software package ithink; public
   relations

---

UT 1102
AR Lee JH, 2007, INT CONF CONVERG TECHNOL ICCIT, P1559, DOI
   10.1109/ICCIT.2007.4420476
TI IT service management case based simulation analysis & design: Systems
   dynamics approach
AU Lee JH; Han YS; Kim CH
TC 5
SO INT CONF CONVERG TECHNOL ICCIT
PY 2007
AB IT Service Management (ITSM) systems have been widely deployed within firms
   in the context of firms' attempts to standardize firm IT activities and
   processes.  Within newly developed or established IT systems, ITSM aims to
   improve systems' responsiveness to unforeseen disturbances.  This paper
   proposes using the study of system dynamics to analyze IT management
   processes.  We use the ITSM/ITIL (IT Infrastructure Library) model as a key
   reference in developing a simulation model In the terms of a commercial
   simulation tool, VENSIM. The current research demonstrates the feasibility
   of applying methods drawn from the study of system dynamism to IT process
   management.  Through analyzing the dynamical characteristics of ITSM
   processes in a real case, we propose a simulationbased case study concerned
   to evaluate rational policy under an uncertain environment.  © 2007 IEEE.
DE case based simulation modeling and analysis; itsm; system dynamics
ID dynamics; technology; case based; case based simulation modeling and
   analysis; case-studies; dynamical characteristics; international
   conferences; it infrastructures; it management; it service management; it
   systems; itsm; process management; simulation analysis; simulation modeling;
   simulation tools; system dynamics; systems dynamics; uncertain environments;
   information technology

---

UT 1103
AR Sokolovska ZM, 2008, ACTUAL PROBL ECON, P238
TI Insurance companies' financial flows modeling
AU Sokolovska ZM; Klepikova OA
TC 0
SO ACTUAL PROBL ECON
PY 2008
AB The article carries out the insurance companies' financial flows modeling.
   Simulation models are built by means of the system dynamics method.
   Simulation experiments are realized by means of iThink.  Analysis of the
   achieved results is carried out on certain parts of the model complex work.
DE financial flow; flow diagram; insurance payments; insurance premium;
   insurance reserve ( fund ); simulation model

---

UT 1104
AR Briano E, 2010, PROC - INT CONF ADV SYST SIMUL SIMUL, P40, DOI
   10.1109/SIMUL.2010.20
TI System Dynamics simulation as a decision support system for evaluating the
   impact of a new supermarket opening on urban traffic flows
AU Briano E; Caballini C; Revetria R; Schenone M; Testa A
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF ADV SYST SIMUL SIMUL
PY 2010
AB This work aims to analyze, with the System Dynamics simulation, the impacts
   of a new supermarket opening in terms of the traffic flows in the
   surroundings of a determined urban zone, in order to help decision makers to
   find the most suitable area and the proper number of car parks and counters
   to satisfy a certain customer level service, avoiding high waiting times
   and, consequently, customer losses.  Among the different simulation
   methodologies, System Dynamics has been chosen because it allows to properly
   model systems that continuously change over time, that are affected by time
   delays and whose variables depend on their conditions at the previous time
   step.  Traffic flow systems are included in this category of systems.
   Moreover, the software used for simulation, Powersim Studio™, allows the
   integration with GIS (Geographic Informative systems), which provides useful
   information on road mapping and users allocation.  © 2010 IEEE.
DE dss-decision support systems; powersim studio software; simulation; system
   dynamics; traffic flows
ID artificial intelligence; computer simulation; decision making; decision
   support systems; decision theory; parks; retail stores; studios; system
   theory; traffic surveys; dss-decision support systems; powersim studio
   software; simulation; system dynamics; traffic flow; computer software

---

UT 1105
AR Zhang Z/1, 2010, PROC IEEE INT CONF INTELL SYST KNOWL ENG ISKE, P576, DOI
   10.1109/ISKE.2010.5680755
TI Modeling and simulation of teacher resources acquisition in colleges using
   system dynamics
AU Zhang Z/1; Liu Y; Song J/1
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF INTELL SYST KNOWL ENG ISKE
PY 2010
AB Based on systems theory and control theory, the teacher resources
   acquisition process between society and university is depicted.  System
   dynamics method is used to analyze the causality of teacher resources
   acquisition in universities.  Furthermore, a system dynamics model is
   established.  Vensim PLE is used to simulate and test the validation and
   sensitivity of the model.  The simulation results show that the model could
   fit the practical teacher resources acquisition in universities, and provide
   valid supporting for decisions in similar process.  ©2010 IEEE.
DE casual loop diagram; simulation; system dynamics
ID education; intelligent systems; knowledge engineering; mergers and
   acquisitions; societies and institutions; system theory; acquisition
   process; casual loops; modeling and simulation; simulation; simulation
   result; system dynamics; system dynamics model; teacher resources; computer
   simulation

---

UT 1106
AR Zhang W-H, 2008, PROC - INT CONF INTELL COMPUT TECHNOL AUTOM ICICTA, V2,
   P482, DOI 10.1109/ICICTA.2008.83
TI Safety management of traffic accident scene based on system dynamics
AU Zhang W-H; Xu H-G; Wu B/1; Li S-Q
TC 5
SO PROC - INT CONF INTELL COMPUT TECHNOL AUTOM ICICTA
PY 2008
AB Traffic system is a dynamic complicated one which is constituted of some
   factors.  Traffic accident will happen if these factors mismatch with each
   other.  Safety level of traffic accident scene affects occurrence rate of
   secondary accident.  In order to evaluate safety level of traffic accident
   scene, prevent from secondary accident happening and protect the policemen,
   crowds by the scene and party of accidents, studying safety management of
   traffic accident scene is essential.  It was shown that four factors
   influenced safety management of traffic accident scene, which were human
   factor, vehicle factor, road and environment factor and management factor.
   And it put forwards the graph of system causality and flowchart of safety
   according to the theory of system dynamics.  According to the statistical
   data, expert scoring, and dynamic simulation via Vensim_PLE, the safety
   level of traffic accident scene was forecasted.  In despite of the same
   investment in every factor, but influences to safety level of traffic
   accident scene were different.  Human factor was the most prominent, vehicle
   factor was the least.  Results provides the scientific reference to the
   traffic managers and transactors in accident scene.  © 2008 IEEE.
ID accidents; dynamics; human engineering; and environments; dynamic
   simulations; expert scoring; human factors; safety levels; safety
   managements; scene based; statistical datums; system dynamics; traffic
   accidents; traffic managers; traffic systems; safety factor

---

UT 1107
AR He X/1, 2010, ICINA - INT CONF NETW AUTOM PROC, V2, PV2322, DOI
   10.1109/ICINA.2010.5636499
TI Notice of Retraction: System Dynamics analysis of the formation of
   corporation network
AU He X/1; Liu Y/5; Wu Y/5; Yan F
TC 0
SO ICINA - INT CONF NETW AUTOM PROC
PY 2010
AB We analyze the internal causes and external causes of the formation of
   corporation network by System Dynamics.  First, we give flowchart of
   corporation network operation.  Secondly, we simulate the characters and
   rules of the formation and operation of corporation network by Vensim.
   Thirdly, we conclude that the corporation network will form and maximize its
   efficiency under the effect of organization's internal restriction and
   external environment.  The network culture, the network coordination degree
   and the technology innovation have great effects on the network efficiency,
   but the change of market is not so closely relevant to it.  © 2010 IEEE.
DE corporation network; flowchart; system dynamics
ID efficiency; corporation network; dynamics analysis; external cause; external
   environments; flowchart; internal cause; its efficiencies; network
   coordinations; network operations; system dynamics; flowcharting

---

UT 1108
AR Cai S, 2010, INT CONF E-PROD E-SERV E-ENTERTAIN ICEEE, DOI
   10.1109/ICEEE.2010.5660682
TI Analysis the application of system dynamics theory in modeling appliance
   recycling reverse logistics system
AU Cai S; Xiao S; Shi Y/1; Xu Z/1
TC 0
SO INT CONF E-PROD E-SERV E-ENTERTAIN ICEEE
PY 2010
AB Today's society attach importance to low-carbon environmental protection,
   recycling waste home appliances emerge gradually under the constraints of
   the producer's lifetime responsibility system.  Many large-scale household-
   manufacturers focus more on the appliance recycling reverse logistics
   system, and the recycling logistics model itself also attracts more and more
   attention in the aspect of modeling and simulation.  Based on the analysis
   based on the principles of system dynamics, with the existing research
   appliance recycling reverse logistics model result, analyses the application
   of theory of system dynamics in reverse logistics modeling and simulation.
   Using the modeling software visualization tools - Vensim examples introduces
   the basic method of drawing the Flow Diagram which is the basic form of
   system dynamics modeling.  ©2010 IEEE.
DE appliance recycling reverse logistics; flow diagram; system dynamics ( sd );
   system dynamics ( sd ) modeling
ID computer simulation; domestic appliances; flowcharting; recycling; system
   theory; visualization; flow diagram; home appliances; logistics model; low
   carbon; modeling and simulation; modeling softwares; recycling wastes;
   reverse logistics; system dynamics; system dynamics modeling; logistics

---

UT 1109
AR Luan W, 2010, CHIN GEOGR SCI, V20, P398, DOI 10.1007/s11769-010-0413-5
TI Simulating mechanism of interaction between ports and cities based on system
   dynamics: A case of Dalian, China
AU Luan W; Chen H; Wang Y/2
TC 14
SO CHIN GEOGR SCI
PY 2010
AB Port-city system is a complex and integral system, and it can be simulated
   by system dynamic method, which is used to be employed to solve nonlinear
   problems.  Based on the causality of the every element in the port-city
   system, the authors analyzed the feedback relation and logical relation
   among the system variables and system structure.  A system-dynamic flow
   chart and correlation equations were put forward with VENSIM software, the
   quantitative relation was described, and the model was debugged.  The
   development trend of the main influence factors in port-city system was
   simulated.  By changing the parameters values of variables in the model, we
   studied the influence degree of each related factor.  It is found that: 1)
   Foreign trade throughput of port play an important role in the development
   of export-oriented economy.  2) The development of primary industry and
   secondary industry affects most of the water transportation demand.  With
   the constant increase of tertiary industry proportion in the industrial
   structure, the demand of national economy for water transportation decreases
   gradually.  3) Water transportation presents a kind of oversupply
   development situation, so port construction should properly slow down.  4)
   With the development of ports, its direct and indirect contribution to urban
   economy has been continuously increasing, but contribution rate will be
   continuously decreasing.  © Science Press, Northeast Institute of Geography
   and Agroecology, CAS and Springer-Verlag 2010.
DE china; dalian; port city; system dynamics

---

UT 1110
AR Shatkin JA, 1991, ENV RES, V56, P90, DOI 10.1016/S0013-9351(05)80112-4
TI Pharmacokinetics of the dermal route of exposure to volatile organic
   chemicals in water: A computer simulation model
AU Shatkin JA; Brown HS
TC 53
SO ENV RES
PY 1991
AB A kinetic model of dermal absorption of nonpolar organic nonelectrolytes in
   dilute aqueous solutions is described.  The model uses systems dynamics
   STELLA software and is designed for a Macintosh computer.  The model assumes
   the outer stratum corneum layer of skin to be the rate-determining barrier
   to dermal absorption and assumes that both stratum corneum and viable
   epidermal layers have storage capacity for lipophilic solutes.  The model
   predicts between 30 and 94% of experimental results with humans under the
   same conditions.  The degree of departure between experimental and
   theoretical results is inversely related to the solutes's octanol/water
   partition coefficient, which is consistent with the most recently
   hypothesized mechanisms of transport of molecules across the dermal barrier.
   The model has potentially useful applications for risk assessment if used
   within its defined limits.  © 1991 Academic Press, Inc.  All rights
   reserved.
ID computer simulation; epidermis; humans; microcomputers; models biological;
   skin; skin absorption; software; solutions; volatilization; water pollutants
   chemical; computer software; organic chemicals; chloroform; ethylbenzene;
   phenol; styrene; tetrachloroethylene; toluene; trichloroethylene; volatile
   organic compound; computer simulation modeling; dermal absorption; dilute
   aqueous solution; kinetic models; model use; non-polar; organic
   nonelectrolytes; stratum corneum; system dynamics; volatile organic
   chemicals; computer model; environmental exposure; human; parameter;
   pharmacokinetics; review; skin absorption; risk assessment

---

UT 1111
AR Gastélum JR, 2009, WATER RESOUR MANAG, V23, P1519, DOI
   10.1007/s11269-008-9339-4
TI A decision support system to improve water resources management in the
   conchos basin
AU Gastélum JR; Valdés JB; Stewart S
TC 52
SO WATER RESOUR MANAG
PY 2009
AB The Conchos basin is the largest tributary to the lower part of the Rio
   Grande/Rio Bravo basin.  During recent years a severe drought has affected
   México's ability to deliver water from the Conchos basin as required by the
   1944 Treaty.  In addition, it has generated not only economic problems in
   the USA and México but also political frictions between these two countries.
   The Mexican Conchos river has historically contributed with the highest
   amount of water to USA as established on the water treaty.  A Decision
   Support System (DSS) was developed for the Conchos basin in order to gain a
   better understanding of the water resources management process in the basin,
   and to identify the alternatives to improve the cited process.  The DSS is a
   semi-distributed model, based on System Dynamics, and developed using
   Powersim software.  The DSS has been used to evaluate 25 long and short tem
   water resources allocation alternatives for the two main basin's users:
   Irrigation Districts and Water Treaty.  Some of the most important factors
   being tested on the 25 water management alternatives include National
   Commission of Water's yearly water allocation policy, reservoir operation
   rules, improvement on water distribution efficiencies, etc.  The DSS model
   shows that the historic water resources allocation implemented by the
   Federal government produces adequate results as compared with the other
   tested water management alternatives.  However, for short term drought
   scenarios, it is showed that there could be other management alternatives
   that could perform better than the current water management allocation.  In
   general, the DSS shows what we already expect of dynamic models of systems
   to provide that understanding the effects of multiple interacting variables
   in necessary to develop good natural resource management policies.  ©
   Springer Science+Business Media B.V. 2008.
DE irrigation districts; simulation; system dynamics; water resources
   management; water treaty
ID chihuahua; mexico [ north america ]; north america; rio conchos basin; rio
   grande [ north america ]; artificial intelligence; computer software;
   decision making; decision support systems; decision theory; drought;
   dynamics; irrigation; knowledge management; reservoir management; resource
   allocation; water management; water supply; economic problems; federal
   governments; irrigation districts; natural resource managements; reservoir
   operations; semi-distributed models; short terms; simulation; system
   dynamics; tem; water allocations; water distribution efficiencies; water
   resources management; basin management; computer simulation; decision
   support system; drought; irrigation system; numerical model; river basin;
   software; tributary; water planning; water relations; reservoirs ( water )

---

UT 1112
AR Tireli E, 2008, INT CONF MODEL APPL SIMUL MAS HELD INT MEDITERR MODEL
   MULTICONFERENCE I3M, P198
TI Application of simulation modelling to the ship steam boiler system
AU Tireli E; Dvornik J/1; Dvornik S
TC 0
SO INT CONF MODEL APPL SIMUL MAS HELD INT MEDITERR MODEL MULTICONFERENCE I3M
PY 2008
AB The purpose of this paper is to present the efficiency of the application of
   the system dynamics simulation modelling (System Dynamics Modelling - Jay
   Forrester - MIT) in investigating the behaviour dynamics of the ship steam
   boiler.  The ship steam boiler is presented in POWERSIM simulation language
   through mental - verbal, structural and mathematical - computer models.  In
   addition to the mathematical model for the marine steam boiler, we have as
   well presented the mathematical model for the feed water heater that is
   fitted in the system.  These models serve as a basis for qualitative and
   quantitative simulation models for complex systems.
DE continuous and discrete simulation; ship steam boiler; simulation modeling
ID computer simulation; mathematical models; computer models; continuous and
   discrete simulation; marine steam boiler; quantitative simulation; steam
   boiler; system dynamics modeling; system dynamics simulation; ships

---

UT 1113
AR Dvornik J, 2007, PROC IASTED INT CONF MODEL IDENT CONTROL MIC, P105
TI Simulation modelling and heuristic optimization of the ship steam boiler
AU Dvornik J; Dvornik S
TC 7
SO PROC IASTED INT CONF MODEL IDENT CONTROL MIC
PY 2007
AB The aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamic simulation modelling (System Dynamics Modelling - Jay Forrester -
   MIT [1]) at investigating performance dynamics of the marine steam boiler.
   Marine steam boiler is a complex non-linear system which needs to be
   systematically investigated as a unit consisting of a number of subsystems
   and elements, which are linked by cause-effect (UPV) feedback loops (KPD),
   both within the system and with the relevant surrounding.  In this paper the
   authors will present the efficient application of scientific methods for the
   research of complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative
   simulation System dynamics methodology, which will allow for production and
   use of higher number and kinds of simulation models of the observed
   elements, and finally allow for the continuous computer simulation, which
   will significantly contribute to acquisition of new information about the
   non-linear character of performance dynamics of marine steam boilers in the
   process of designing and education.  Marine steam boiler will be presented
   in POWERSIM simulation language in verbal, structural and mathematical
   computer models.
DE continuous and discrete simulation; marine steam boiler; simulation
   modeling; system dynamics
ID boiler control; boilers; computational methods; computer simulation;
   computer simulation languages; computer systems; dynamics; identification (
   control systems ); linear systems; nonlinear systems; steam; complex dynamic
   systems; computer models; continuous and discrete simulation; feedback
   loops; heuristic optimizations; marine steam boiler; marine steam boilers;
   performance dynamics; quantitative simulations; scientific methods;
   simulation languages; simulation modeling; simulation models; steam boilers;
   sub-systems; system dynamics; marine boilers

---

UT 1114
AR Bleda M, 2008, ECOL ECON, V66, P517, DOI 10.1016/j.ecolecon.2007.10.021
TI The dynamics of belief in climate change and its risks in business
   organisations
AU Bleda M; Shackley S
TC 51
SO ECOL ECON
PY 2008
AB This paper presents a simulation model of the formation of the belief in
   climate change of a business organisation using a systems dynamics approach.
   Understanding how businesses form their belief on the issue of climate
   change is of paramount importance given the key role of beliefs and
   cognitive characteristics in the triggering and shaping of organisational
   adaptation processes.  The main assumption of the model is that the dynamics
   of belief is driven by the perceived actual and potential changes in
   competitiveness as a consequence of climate impacts rather than by the
   growth of an ecological 'business conscience'. The model has been built
   using the STELLA software program, and it is based upon theoretical
   hypotheses drawn from behavioural studies of organisations and evolutionary
   theories of economic change.  © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
DE adaptive capacity; climate change; dynamics of belief formation;
   organizations; simulation modeling
ID business; climate change; climate effect; cognition; economic reform;
   modeling; organizational change; perception; software; theoretical study

---

UT 1115
AR ElMahdi A, 2005, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK
   PROC, P196
TI System dynamics optimisation approach to irrigation demand management
AU ElMahdi A; Malano H; Etchells T; Khan S/1
TC 16
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC
PY 2005
AB Significant problems of water shortage and deteriorating water quality are
   contributing to a growing water crisis in many countries.  This situation
   requires creative solutions to achieve sustainable resource management.  In
   the Murrumbidgee river basin, irrigation extraction and land clearing have
   had major impacts on the river environment (DLWC 1995). Irrigation demand
   has changed the natural flow regime of the river which has induced
   significant environmental changes.  Increased demands for water have led to
   reduced river flows and a reversal of the seasonal flow patterns.  Finding
   ways to meet irrigation demands and also achieve positive environmental and
   economic outcomes requires the aid of modelling tools to analyse the impact
   of alternative policy scenarios.  These scenarios seek to assess the impact
   of options for the allocation of limited water resources between
   agricultural production and the environment.  This paper presents a novel
   approach for optimizing these objectives by combining system dynamics and
   constrained linear objective optimisation approaches.  The network
   simulation optimisation model NSOM has been coupled with a linear
   programming mathematical algorithm that includes the system constraints.
   The model uses an economic rationale (i.e.  a farmer's economic decision to
   maximise the gross margin per Megalitre) that involves assessing alternative
   cropping mixes and selecting the crop mix that maximises the net return and
   minimises water used.  The optimisation results from this model have been
   compared with results from a commercial linear programming solver to verify
   the capabilities of VENSIM™ optimizer.  The comparison shows that VENSIM™
   optimizer does achieve the same results.  This paper concludes that system
   dynamic optimisation approach is a useful tool for irrigation companies and
   catchment managers to evaluate alternative river system management
   scenarios.  In particular, NSOM has the capability to compare the simulation
   and optimisation dynamic results synchronized in time for each variable
   involved in the model.  In general based on a preliminary analysis, it is
   shown that selecting the appropriate crop mix could have positive impacts
   and benefits for irrigation deliveries and environmental flow.  Further
   research is required to test, calibrate the NSOM model with actual data and
   study multi-objectives optimisation.
DE agricultural management; crop allocation; dynamic modeling; optimization;
   water management
ID catchments; computer simulation; crops; irrigation; linear programming; near
   field scanning optical microscopy; optimization; rivers; system theory;
   water cooling systems; water management; water quality; water supply;
   agricultural robots; catchments; constrained optimization; crops;
   irrigation; linear programming; near field scanning optical microscopy;
   rivers; system theory; water cooling systems; water management; water
   quality; agricultural management; agricultural productions; creative
   solutions; crop mix; dynamic modeling; economic decisions; environmental
   change; environmental flow; gross margin; land clearing; linear programming
   solvers; mathematical algorithms; modeling tools; multiobjective; natural
   flow regime; net return; network simulation; objective optimization;
   optimization; optimizations; optimizers; policy scenario; preliminary
   analysis; river basins; river environment; river flow; river systems;
   sustainable resource management; system constraints; system dynamics; water
   crisis; water shortages; agricultural productions; environmental change;
   linear programming solvers; mathematical algorithms; objective optimization;
   preliminary analysis; river system managements; sustainable resource
   management; decision making; decision making

---

UT 1116
AR de Souza Robert, 1996, PROC IEEE INT CONF SYST MAN CYBERN, V2, P1253
TI Comparison of modelling paradigms for manufacturing line
AU de Souza Robert; Huynh Richard; Chandrashekar Muthu; Thevenard Didier
TC 8
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF SYST MAN CYBERN
PY 1996
AB The paper presents different approaches to simulation of a manufacturing
   line, namely the discrete event, system dynamics and graph theoretic
   approach.  The modelling approaches are applicable to manufacturing as well
   as other systems.  A software package called PROSIM has been developed at
   the University of Waterloo (UW), Canada for continuous system simulation.
   In this paper, we compare PROSIM with two other commercially available
   software packages, ARENA and ITHINK, using an example of a manufacturing
   line.  The results obtained are in excellent agreement.  The software
   packages and actual line are used as a research and teaching resource in the
   Design Research Centre at the Nanyang Technological University (NTU),
   Singapore.
ID computer simulation; computer software; cost effectiveness; graph theory;
   graphical user interfaces; process control; systems analysis; discrete
   event; manufacturing line; manufacture

---

UT 1117
AR Luo YF, 2005, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC,
   P1860
TI Modeling the water balance for aerobic rice: A system dynamics approach
AU Luo YF; Khan S/1; Cui YL; Feng YH; Li YL
TC 3
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL ADV APPL MANAG DECIS MAK PROC
PY 2005
AB A field soil water balance model is developed for non-ponded "aerobic rice"
   in North China Plain.  Increasing water scarcity necessitates the
   development of irrigated rice systems that require less water than
   traditional flooded rice.  The aerobic rice is an effort to save water in
   response to growing worldwide water scarcity with the pressure to reduce
   water use and increase water productivity in irrigated agriculture.  Aerobic
   rice is not ponded and irrigated similar to other crops and is suitable for
   water-scarce environments and can stand being periodically flooded.  In any
   water harvesting and recycling systems, accurate estimation of different
   water balance components in a cropped field is essential to achieve
   effective use of limited irrigation water.  Soil water balance models are
   helpful to develop appropriate strategies for efficient management of
   irrigation water.  The conceptual model is firstly presented.  Based on the
   analysis and integration of existing information available on hydraulic
   processes occurring in an aerobic rice field, this paper outlines the
   general components of the water balance.  The hydraulic dynamics is analyzed
   from the feedback relations among the components (Figure 1). Referring to
   existing knowledge and information, the model is formulated using
   mathematical equations and implemented using the Vensim simulation tool.
   The model simulates various water balance components such as actual
   evapotranspiration, percolation, surface runoff, and capillary rise in the
   field on a daily basis.  The model parameters are validated with the
   observed experimental field data from Huibei Irrigation Station, Kaifeng.  A
   statistical test (t-test) is carried out to determine the significance
   between the observed and simulated values of the parameters and the results
   show that the simulated and observed values are the same at 95% confidence
   level.  The R2 are found to be high and root mean square error low.  Thus
   the presented model can perform the simulation of soil water balance system
   for aerobic rice.  (Figure Presented) The system dynamics technique proved
   to be an efficient approach for the simulation of a complex water resource
   system.  Its merits include the increased speed of model development, ease
   of model improvement, ease of model improvement and its inherent flexibility
   And transparency.  Scenarios, other than those treatments simulated in this
   study are being evaluated (not reported in this study) by using the existing
   framework.
DE aerobic rice; soil water balance; system dynamics
ID climate models; computer simulation; decision making; geologic models;
   hydraulics; irrigation; mean square error; plants ( botany ); runoff; soil
   moisture; solvents; statistical tests; system theory; wastewater
   reclamation; water conservation; water management; water supply;
   agricultural robots; climate models; decision making; floods; irrigation;
   mean square error; plants ( botany ); soil moisture; solvents; system
   theory; water conservation; water management; water supply; accurate
   estimation; actual evapotranspiration; aerobic rice; capillary rise;
   conceptual model; confidence levels; field data; field soil; flooded rice;
   hydraulic dynamics; hydraulic process; inherent flexibility; irrigated
   agriculture; irrigated rice; irrigation waters; limited irrigations;
   mathematical equations; model development; model parameters; north china
   plain; recycling systems; root mean square errors; simulation tool; soil
   water balance; soil water balance model; surface runoffs; system dynamics;
   system dynamics approach; system dynamics technique; water balance; water
   balance components; water harvesting; water productivity; water resource
   systems; water scarcity; water use; actual evapotranspiration; mathematical
   equations; root mean square errors; soil water balance model; system
   dynamics approach; system dynamics technique; water balance components;
   water resource systems; water recycling; water recycling

---

UT 1118
AR Duan A, 2008, PROC IEEE INT CONF SERV OPER LOGIST INFORMATICS IEEE/SOLI, V1,
   P1449, DOI 10.1109/SOLI.2008.4686629
TI The research ofthe city transportation development ecological carrying
   capacity based on the system dynamics
AU Duan A; Yang J
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF SERV OPER LOGIST INFORMATICS IEEE/SOLI
PY 2008
AB To study the relations between the transportation development and ecological
   environment may has the vital significance to the transportation long-
   enduring development.  The domestic and foreign research about
   transportation development ecological carrying capacity has been mentioned
   when studies the region ecological carrying capacity, on which hasn't
   specially concentrated research.  The paper elaborates the implication of
   the city transportation development ecological carrying capacity, unifying
   the definition and the characteristic of ecological carrying capacity.  In
   view of the city transportation development actuality, the development of
   urban transportation system is divided into five subsystems.  The system
   dynamics analysis method has been carried on the structure analysis to the
   city transportation development ecological carrying capacity.  Simulation
   software "Vensim" is used to analyze each subsystem and get the feedback
   loop.  Then SD equation of each subsystem is established.  Finally, in
   example analysis, applying the relevant statistical data in Wuhan city to
   the SD equation, the ecological carrying capacity development tendency of
   each subsystem is simulated.  The research would have a referenced role to
   the city transportation coordinated development within the scope of the
   ecological carrying capacity.  ©2008 IEEE.
DE city; ecological carrying capacity; simulate; system dynamics;
   transportation
ID diffusers ( optical ); dynamics; transportation; city; ecological carrying
   capacity; ecological environments; feedback loops; simulate; simulation
   softwares; statistical datums; structure analysis; sub-systems; system
   dynamics; urban transportation systems; ecology

---

UT 1119
AR Tireli E, 2006, POMOSRTVO, V20, P113
TI A contribution to the development of the marine steam turbine in load
   conditions; [Doprinos razvoju modela brodske parne turbine u uvjetima
   opterećenja]
AU Tireli E; Dvornik J/2
TC 0
SO POMOSRTVO
PY 2006
AB The aim of this paper is to present the successful application of the system
   dynamics simulation modelling in the research carried on the performance
   dynamics of the marine steam turbine in load conditions, and in this very
   example at load of a marine synchronous generator.  The marine steam turbine
   at load of a synchronous generator is a complex non-linear system, which
   needs to be systematically researched into as a unit consisting of a number
   of subsystems and elements, which are linked by cause-effect (CE) feedback
   loops (FBL), both within the propulsion system and with the relevant
   environment.  The authors of this paper aim at presenting the efficient
   application of the scientific methods used in the research of the complex
   dynamic systems called System dynamics qualitative and quantitative
   simulation methodology, which will make the production and use of a larger
   number and a variety of simulation models of the observed elements possible,
   thus enabling the continuous computer simulation, which will significantly
   contribute to the acquisition of new information about the non-linear
   character of the turbine and generator system performance dynamics in the
   designing and education process.  The marine steam turbine will be presented
   by a set of non-linear differential equations, after which mental and verbal
   structural models and flowcharts in the System dynamics symbols [1 and 2]
   will be worked out, and the performance dynamics in load conditions will be
   simulated in the POWERSIM simulation language [5].
DE simulation and heuristic optimization; simulation modeling; steam turbine;
   synchronous generator
ID marine technology; optimization; performance assessment; simulation; turbine

---

UT 1120
AR Vanclay JK, 2006, ECOL MANAG, V233, P295, DOI 10.1016/j.foreco.2006.05.020
TI Spatially-explicit competition indices and the analysis of mixed-species
   plantings with the Simile modelling environment
AU Vanclay JK
TC 33
SO ECOL MANAG
PY 2006
AB Individual-based modelling and analysis of forest experiments has been made
   more accessible to researchers with the advent of modelling environments
   like Simile from www.simulistics.com.  Individual-based analyses of tree
   growth data offer insights not possible with plot-based analyses, especially
   when the original experimental design has been compromised by mortality or
   other unforeseen events.  The paper illustrates how Simile can be used for
   individual-based analyses of mixed plantings, and how it can be used to
   explore the consequences of the resulting statistical models.  A mixed-
   species planting of Eucalyptus pellita and Acacia peregrina is used to
   illustrate possibilities.  © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
DE acacia; distance-dependent competition index; eucalyptus; individual-based
   modeling; mixed-species; powersim; simile; stella; systems dynamics; vensim
ID acacia; eucalyptus; forestry; mathematical models; plants; acacia; acacia
   peregrina; eucalyptus; eucalyptus pellita; computer simulation; mathematical
   models; plants ( botany ); competition ( ecology ); evergreen tree;
   experimental design; growth rate; individual-based model; mixed forest;
   mortality; plantation forestry; shrub; powersim; simile; systems dynamics;
   vensim; forestry

---

UT 1121
AR Campuzano-Bolarín F, 2010, DYNA, V85, P31
TI Traditional and collaborative supply chains.  Analysis of its infl uence on
   the demand variability management; [Cadenas de suministro tradicionales y
   colaborativas: Análisis de su inflfl uencia en la gestin de la variabilidad
   de la demanda]
AU Campuzano-Bolarín F; Martínez-Caro E; Ros-McDonell L
TC 1
SO DYNA
PY 2010
AB Nowadays there are different structures of supply chain management based on
   collaboration among the companies which belong to the same chain.  This work
   deeply analyzes the advantages and disadvantages of using these structures,
   in particular, Vendor Managed Inventory(VMI) and Electronic Point of Sales
   (EPOS) compared to the Traditional Supply Chain.  Moreover, it devises
   several models of Supply Chain Management, developed using the Dynamic
   Systems Methodology, where the structures are shaped and simulated by the
   Vensim?  software.  These models are an efficient tool to recreate different
   management backgrounds, which fit a greater or lesser extent with business
   objectives (tactical or operational) as proposed.  In that way, analyzing
   the variations of the Bullwhip effect, as the main causes of instabilities
   in the demand process management along the supply chain, will be possible.
DE bullwhip effect; electronic point of sales ( epos ); logistics; supply chain
   management; systems dynamics; vendor managed inventory ( vmi )

---

UT 1122
AR Pan N-H, 2009, J CICHE, V21, P247
TI A study of system dynamic based FPLM supply chain model
AU Pan N-H; Lin C-H; Chan K-Y
TC 0
SO J CICHE
PY 2009
AB FPLM which will be implemented successfully or not involves lots of factors,
   such as production facilities, circulation planning of the precast factory,
   elongation of pre-stress, etc.  Every factor affects each other and the
   influence will result in difficulties of cost estimation, production and
   launching performance.  With the progress of the construction, the
   procurement behavior of the pre-cast factory from its raw materials
   suppliers exhibits a dynamic change.  This study aims to explore the
   behavior pattern of the supply chain starting from materials procurement,
   processing, final production of box girder to launching engineering.
   Furthermore, the method adopted in this study is a breakthrough from the
   traditional way of static thinking mode into a concept of dynamic feedback
   loop of System Dynamics.  A supply chain model established by utilizing a
   system dynamic software, "PowerSim" will thus provide the decision maker
   with a computer aided tool to simplify complicated mathematic calculation
   and enables the users to make fast simulation and decisions.  Finally, by
   performing a sensitivity analysis on various influential factors of the
   system model, this study intends to find the key factors which pose more
   influence on the system, and to further explore the degree of influence the
   key factors have on the completion date and the cost of the project.
DE fplm; project management; system dynamic
ID computer software; launching; model structures; project management;
   sensitivity analysis; simulators; supply chain management; supply chains;
   behavior patterns; box girder; computer aided tools; cost estimations;
   decision makers; dynamic changes; dynamic feedback; fast simulation;
   influential factors; key factors; materials procurement; pre-cast; pre-
   stress; pre-cast factories; production facility; project management system;
   supply chain models; system dynamics; system models; thinking modes; cost
   benefit analysis

---

UT 1123
AR O’regan B, 2002, SIMUL, V78, P362, DOI 10.1177/0037549702078006574
TI Investment Decisions of International Mining Firms: Policy Approaches
AU O’regan B; Moles R
TC 1
SO SIMUL
PY 2002
AB The tools and techniques of system dynamics method are applied to the
   complex problem of understanding those factors that affect the flow of
   international mineral investment funds.  The main deliverable is a
   simulation model developed in Powersim in the system dynamics tradition.
   The model, comprising more than 180 variables, provides a means of examining
   the effectiveness of varied environmental, fiscal, and corporate policies on
   the flow of investment funds and mineral resources among a number of
   simulated mining firms and competing countries.  © 2002, Sage Publications.
   All rights reserved.
DE decisions; environmental policy; mining; simulation model; system dynamics
ID calculations; computer simulation; environmental protection; international
   law; investments; mineral exploration; mineral industry; public policy;
   sensitivity analysis; environmental policy; investment decision; software
   package powersim; system dynamics method; mining laws and regulations

---

UT 1124
AR Kang KM, 2005, RELIAB ENG SYST SAF, V87, P211, DOI
   10.1016/j.ress.2004.04.014
TI A quantitative assessment of LCOs for operations using system dynamics
AU Kang KM; Jae M
TC 24
SO RELIAB ENG SYST SAF
PY 2005
AB Limiting conditions for operations (LCOs) define the allowed outage times
   (AOTs) and the actions to be taken if the repair cannot be completed within
   the AOT. Typically plant shutdown is required.  In situations where the risk
   associated with the action, i.e.  the risk of plant shutdown given a failure
   of the safety system, may be substantial, a strategy is needed to control
   the plant risk.  In this study the changing operation modes are evaluated
   quantitatively and dynamically using the tool of system dynamics.  System
   dynamics has been developed to analyze the dynamic reliability of a
   complicated system.  System dynamics using the Vensim software have been
   applied to LCOs assessment for an example system, the auxiliary feed water
   system of a reference nuclear power plant.  Analysis results of both full
   power operation and shutdown operation have been compared for a measure of
   core damage frequency.  The increase in core damage frequency is used as a
   measure in this study.  A time dependent framework developed in this study
   has been shown to be very flexible in that it can be applied to assess LCOs
   quantitatively under any operational context of the Technical Specifications
   in Final Safety Analysis Report of the reference plant.  © 2004 Elsevier
   Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE limiting conditions for operations; probabilistic risk assessment; system
   dynamics; technical specifications
ID computer software; mathematical models; nuclear power plants; plant
   shutdowns; probability; reliability; risk assessment; limiting conditions
   for operations ( loc ); probabilistic risk assessment; system dynamics;
   technical specifications; systems analysis

---

UT 1125
AR Yeh S-C, 2006, ENV MODEL SOFTW, V21, P937, DOI 10.1016/j.envsoft.2005.04.005
TI Simulation of soil erosion and nutrient impact using an integrated system
   dynamics model in a watershed in Taiwan
AU Yeh S-C; Wang C-A; Yu H-C
TC 32
SO ENV MODEL SOFTW
PY 2006
AB In recent years, erosion, sediment, and nutrient pollution have become
   issues of major concern in Taiwan.  Keelung River, as it flows across the
   Taipei metropolitan area, is one of the most important rivers with regard to
   these issues.  This research aims to compute and simulate erosion, sediment
   yield, and resulting nutrient pollution, together with related economic
   factors.  Related physical models were programmed using a system dynamics
   software package Vensim®, for convenience in scenario designs and
   simulations.  GIS software ArcView® was employed to integrate digitized
   themes that contain data necessary for further computation and applications.
   EXCEL® was also used to link ArcView and Vensim and made an interactive
   computational model.  Five submodels, i.e., the soil erosion model, the
   sediment transportation model, the runoff model, the nutrient model, and the
   economic model, were included in this integrated model.  Through this model,
   it was estimated that, according to the hydrological and geographical data
   from last five years, the total annual amounts of soil erosion, sediment
   yield, and nutrient load are 292,327 tons, 101,661 tons, and 1428 tons,
   respectively.  These results can be compared with those derived from models
   in other researches.  As the model in this research was driven by a system
   dynamics core, scenario simulations can be carried out based on various
   combinations of system parameters.  This offers the model additional
   flexibility and applicability.  © 2005 Elsevier Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE excel; gis; nutrient; scenario simulation; sediment transportation; soil
   erosion; system dynamics; taiwan; vensim
ID asia; eurasia; far east; keelung river; taiwan; computer simulation; data
   acquisition; erosion; geographic information systems; mathematical models;
   sediment transport; sediments; digitization; dynamic analysis; economic
   impact; estimation method; gis; hydrology; model test; nutrient dynamics;
   pollution; simulation; software; soil erosion; watershed; scenario
   simulation; soil erosion; system dynamics; soil mechanics

---

UT 1126
AR Bianchi C, 2000, SIMUL GAMING, V31, P197, DOI 10.1177/104687810003100206
TI Commercial and financial policies in family firms: The small business growth
   management flight simulator
AU Bianchi C; Bivona E
TC 20
SO SIMUL GAMING
PY 2000
AB An interactive learning environment (ILE) was built to reproduce the
   budgeting process of a small family-owned entrepreneurial firm and to
   capture how current decisions affect business growth in a longer time
   horizon.  The ILE matches the accounting-related perspective through which
   spreadsheet-based budgets are drawn up, with the system dynamics (SD) view.
   Such a goal has been pursued through a connection of traditional Excel
   spreadsheets with POWERSIM SD models.  Playing the SMALL BUSINESS GROWTH
   MANAGEMENT FLIGHT SIMULATOR allows one to learn how (a) to draw up a budget
   based on an SD perspective, (b) long-term goals may be affected by current
   decisions, (c) business/family survival and growth are strongly influenced
   by current policies, and (d) linking short-to medium-and long-term policies
   and commercial to financial and equity management issues is critical to
   business growth.  © 2000, Sage Publications.  All rights reserved.
DE management flight simulator; organizational learning; simulation; small
   business management decision making

---

UT 1127
AR Jae M, 2006, PROC INT CONF PROBABILISTIC SAF ASSESS MANAG PSAM
TI The advanced logical dynamics safety assessment using system dynamics method
   of auxiliary feed water system
AU Jae M; Kang K-M
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF PROBABILISTIC SAF ASSESS MANAG PSAM
PY 2006
AB An advanced method for assessing dynamic safety of nuclear power plants is
   introduced and applied.  The commercial software, VENtana SIMulation
   environment, VENSIM, is used to develop a dynamics model for an example
   system.  In this study the 18-month refuel cycle is simulated for the
   dynamic analysis . The failure rate when the plant is a zero power like
   maintenance, test, and refueling processes, which are not properly modeled
   in conventional method using event/fault trees, is higher than that of the
   full power.  This also means the human failure rate during both standby and
   shutdown operation is higher than that of normal operations.  Various time
   steps are applied for the different failure cases.  The simulation results
   show that the common cause failure is much affected by the time step
   process.  The results also include the dynamic simulation for the standby-
   running and shutdownrunning cases.  The graphical presentation has been
   easily modeled by a unique graphic designed method incorporated in the
   VENSIM. The diagrams well understood by operators or system analysts are
   constructed and evaluated quantitatively using system dynamics.  © 2006 by
   ASME.
ID computer simulation; nuclear power plants; plant shutdowns; safety
   engineering; system theory; commercial software; common cause failure;
   conventional methods; feed water system; graphical presentations; normal
   operations; safety assessments; simulation environment; failure analysis

---

UT 1128
AR Townshend JRP, 2000, JOPERRESSOC, V51, P812, DOI
   10.1057/palgrave.jors.2600978
TI Analysing the effectiveness of Chlamydia screening
AU Townshend JRP; Turner HS
TC 59
SO JOPERRESSOC
PY 2000
AB Chlamydia is a highly prevalent sexually transmitted infection which is
   normally asymptomatic.  Chlamydia is a major public health concern since it
   is one of the biggest causes of infertility in the UK. A screening programme
   has been proposed and here we analyse its potential cost-effectiveness.
   Previous modelling analyses for Chlamydia screening have been inadequate at
   representing the dynamic complexity of the impact.  Most notably, the impact
   on the population prevalence has been overlooked as well as the possibility
   for an individual to become re-infected after treatment.  A system dynamics
   model was built using the array facility in the ithink software to represent
   a heterogeneous population.  This population was disaggregated along two
   dimensions: age and sexual activity levels.  Results suggest that the
   proposed screening programme would prevent significant numbers of
   infertility cases annually.  Additionally, it could be paying for itself
   after about four years and recouping the initial outlay after about twelve
   years.  © 2000 Operational Research Society Ltd.  All rights reserved.
DE cost effectiveness; health; infectious diseases; screening; sexually
   transmitted infections; system dynamics
ID computer aided diagnosis; computer simulation; computer software; cost
   effectiveness; disease control; social aspects; chlamydia screening program;
   infectious diseases; infertility; public health concerns; sexually
   transmitted infections ( sti ); health care

---

UT 1129
AR Jackson TM, 2007, MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL - L WATER ENV MANAG INTEGR
   SYST SUSTAIN PROC, P156
TI Exploring energy productivity for a groundwater dependent irrigated farm
   using a system dynamics approach
AU Jackson TM; Khan S/1; Ahmad A
TC 3
SO MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL - L WATER ENV MANAG INTEGR SYST SUSTAIN PROC
PY 2007
AB This paper explores the sensitivity of irrigation energy productivity to
   changes happening at a farm level.  Energy is vital to any agricultural
   system, particularly in systems which depend on groundwater for irrigation.
   It has been estimated by Lal (2004) that over 23% of direct energy use for
   crop production in the US is used for on-farm pumping, with similar results
   found in the arid zone of India.  It is therefore important to know how
   changes within the environment will affect irrigation energy productivity.
   Energy productivity (EP) refers to the outputs derived from energy inputs
   into a system.  EP can be further expressed in terms of physical or economic
   productivity.  In this paper EP is defined in terms of physical output.
   Physical productivity is a comparison between the quantity of yield produced
   (kg) and the quantity of the direct energy input (kW). Physical productivity
   is thus expressed as kg/kW. Assessing EP can help identify pathways to
   ensure the sustainability of irrigation in the agricultural sector, as well
   as provide an opportunity to identify the major sources of energy wastage
   and can aid policy makers in terms of providing a basis for the efficient
   management of natural resources.  The VensimTM modelling environment was
   used to construct a model of on-farm irrigation EP for pasture production.
   Sensitivity analysis was performed to examine the results of changing the
   values of total crop water requirement and groundwater head lift in order to
   predict the effect on irrigation energy productivity.  In this case,
   parameters which affect both yield and the energy required for pumping to
   produce agricultural crops were included.  These inputs were changes to Crop
   Water Requirement (CWR) and groundwater lift head (m). The sensitivity
   analysis of EP was performed for three different irrigation methods (Flood,
   Centre Pivot and Drip irrigation). It was found that in both cases the
   overall trend for each irrigation method was similar; however the relative
   level of changes were different for each method.  The sensitivity analysis
   for changing CWR showed that the behaviour of EP when this input was changed
   was markedly different from current practices.  The Flood irrigation method
   was found to be the most sensitive, followed by the Drip irrigation and then
   Pivot irrigation methods.  When the effect of changing groundwater lift head
   was explored, it was found that EP is far less sensitive to this input due
   to smaller level of lift needed, as the behaviour was very similar to that
   for current practices.  A sample result for this sensitivity analysis is
   shown below (Figure 1). The order of sensitivity between the irrigation
   methods was the same as the previous case, with the Flood irrigation method
   being the most sensitive, followed by the Drip irrigation and Pivot
   irrigation methods.  This model was not calibrated against field
   measurements.  The system dynamic modelling framework described in this
   paper could be useful for determining the suitability of different
   irrigation methods for time varying water and energy settings affecting
   energy productivity.  © MODSIM 2007 - International Congress on Modelling
   and Simulation - Land, Water and Environmental Management: Integrated
   Systems for Sustainability, Proceedings.  All rights reserved.
DE irrigation; sensitivity analysis; vensimtm
ID agricultural robots; arid regions; crops; cultivation; environmental
   management; floods; groundwater; integrated control; productivity;
   sensitivity analysis; sustainable development; technology transfer;
   agricultural sector; crop water requirements; economic productivity;
   efficient managements; energy productivity; modeling environment; system
   dynamic modeling; system dynamics approach; irrigation

---

UT 1130
AR Munitic A, 2003, PROC IASTED INT CONF MODEL SIMUL, P515
TI Computing simulation of driving system - "Ship/ piston compressor - Electric
   motor" (BKKE)
AU Munitic A; Kulenovic Z; Dvornik J/1
TC 2
SO PROC IASTED INT CONF MODEL SIMUL
PY 2003
AB System dynamic simulating modeling is one of the most appropriate and
   successful scientific dynamics modeling method of the complex, non-linear,
   natural, technical and organizational systems.  Investigation of behavior
   dynamics of the ship/s propulsion system as one of the complex, dynamic,
   non-linear technical systems requires application of the most efficient
   modeling methods.  The aim of this essay is to present the efficiency of the
   application of the system dynamic simulating modeling in investigation of
   behavior dynamics of the BKKE driving system.  Ship/s piston compressor and
   its driving electric motor, i.e.  in this case, asynchronous motor shall be
   presented in the POWERSIM simulation language i.e.  mental-verbal,
   structural and mathematical computing modules.  System dynamic models are
   essentially continuous models since the realities have been demonstrated by
   a set of non-linear differential equation, i.e.  "equations of conditions",
   however they are at the same time discrete ones because their principle time
   interval calculation i.e.  (discretisation) sampling "DT" is determined in
   full compliance with (Sampling Theorem) by Shannon and Koteljnikov.
DE asynchronous motor; continuous and discrete simulation; modeling; ship/s
   piston compressor; system dynamics
ID compressors; computer programming languages; computer simulation; engine
   pistons; large scale systems; asynchronous motor; continuous and discrete
   simulation; ship piston compressor; system dynamics; computer software

---

UT 1131
AR Switek W, 2001, INT CONF COMPUT AID OPTIM DES STRUCT OPTI PROC, V7, P53
TI Computer aided optimal design of mechanical device
AU Switek W
TC 0
SO INT CONF COMPUT AID OPTIM DES STRUCT OPTI PROC
PY 2001
AB An integrated computer aided approach to the design of mechanical device
   involving modeling, simulation and automatic drawing of the device was
   discussed.  It was suggested that System Dynamics Method can be successfully
   applied for developing a computer model of a mechanical system in order to
   aid the work of design.  The computer model of a mechanical system,
   elaborated with the use of Powersim software, were found to contribute to
   the improved quality of the design.  It was found that AutoLISP language of
   AutoCAD software allows to make an assembly drawing of the mechanical system
   in an automatic way.
ID assembly; computer aided analysis; computer aided design; computer aided
   manufacturing; computer simulation; computer software; mechanical
   engineering; software engineering; gear speed reducers; integrated computer
   aided-approach; mechanical device; system dynamics method; structural design

---

UT 1132
AR Yu Y-J, 2007, SHENGTAI XUEBAO ACTA ECOL SIN, V27, P2603
TI On the progress in urban ecosystem dynamic modeling
AU Yu Y-J; Guo H-C; Liu Y/8; Huang K; Wang Z/8
TC 5
SO SHENGTAI XUEBAO ACTA ECOL SIN
PY 2007
AB This paper presents a comprehensive literature review on the progress in
   Dynamic Urban Ecosystem Modeling summarizing various perspectives such as
   the history, method, procedure, and software development and availability
   that are pertinent to the urban ecosystem modeling area.  DUEM represents a
   multi-disciplinary research area.  which covers many related scientific
   disciplines including landscape ecology urban demography sociology urban
   planning environmental planning environmental economics disaster prevention
   science urban hygiene and public health.  The history of the DUEM area can
   be traced back to the 19th century when researchers started to study the
   process of urban expansion and evolution.  Since then > researchers
   throughout the world have developed a wide range of modeling approaches to
   help understand the dynamics and evolution of urban ecosystems.  Before
   1960s.  the ecological and environmental aspects of urban development have
   rarely been considered in an urban system modeling study.  This trend
   started to change in 1960s which was manifested by the fashion of developing
   comprehensive urban ecosystem models that simulate not only the social-
   economic but also the ecological and environmental components in urban
   systems.  Based on the difference in mathematical formulation and system
   representation all the existing urban ecosystem models can be roughly
   classified into four broad categories: (1) mathematical mechanistic models;
   (2) eco-cybernetics based sensitivity models; (3) system dynamics model; and
   (4) multi-objective models.  In addition to these four branches of methods;
   other types of modeling approaches such as the ecological footprint method;
   the scenario analysis method; and the entropy-based approach have also
   attracted wide attentions from researchers.  Despite of their difference in
   appearance; all these modeling methods follow a same general procedure;
   which involves six steps including model definition; model formulation;
   computer realization; calibration/validation; model performance evaluation;
   and model application.  Since the day researchers began to research the
   possibility of using mathematical models to study urban systems; numerous
   modeling systems have been developed.  Some of these models are developed
   through direct computer programming with general computer languages; and the
   others are developed using popular simulation and optimization software
   packages such as the VENSIM; STELLA; DYNAMO; and Matlab's Simulink toolbox.
   Table 1 in the present paper lists a number of the most widely applied urban
   ecosystem models along with information regarding their developers and
   applicability.  This paper further addresses the issue of uncertainty in
   urban system modeling; indicating that an urban system modeling is always
   subjected to uncertainty originated from the entire model development and
   application process.  Due to the significant implication of uncertainty; it
   is proposed that special efforts need to be dedicated to improve the
   capability of handling model uncertainty in a DUEM study.  Finally; this
   paper summarizes potential research directions for the DUEM area; suggesting
   that technologies and methods need to be extended to both macro and micro
   scales to achieve further advancement in this area.  In addition; to develop
   hybrid approach through integrating advanced artificial intelligence
   technologies and geographical information systems might offer another
   promising way for model improvement.
DE dynamic modeling; uncertainty; urban ecosystem

---

UT 1133
AR Wu C-R, 2010, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V30, P587
TI Modeling and simulation of high-tech enterprises innovation networks using
   system dynamics
AU Wu C-R; Zeng D-M; Chen Y-W
TC 8
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2010
AB Based on the analysis of the components in high-tech enterprises innovation
   networks and the relations among them, a causal graph and a system dynamical
   model, which could describe the development of high-tech enterprises
   innovation networks, were built.  The system dynamical model was realized by
   software tool Vensim.  The validation of the model was taken by using the
   data from China statistical yearbooks on high-tech industry.  The calculated
   results are in accordance with the actual data.  The simulation results show
   that method of the model is valid for simulating the affection of R&D
   cooperation, standardization, and knowledge transfer to high-tech
   enterprises innovation networks.  As an application of this model, key
   indexes of high-tech enterprises innovation networks in the next few years
   are predicted.  Some measures are suggested to increase these indexes.  The
   presented model is feasible as computer aided decision support tool for
   managers.
DE high-tech enterprises; innovation networks; knowledge transfer;
   standardization; system dynamics
ID decision support systems; innovation; knowledge management; research and
   development management; standardization; system theory; causal graph;
   computer aided; decision support tools; dynamical model; high-tech
   industries; innovation network; innovation networks; knowledge transfer;
   modeling and simulation; simulation result; software tool; system dynamics;
   computer simulation

---

UT 1134
AR Hao JLJ, 2010, ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG, V17, P476, DOI
   10.1108/09699981011074574
TI Dynamic modeling of construction and demolition waste management processes:
   An empirical study in Shenzhen, China
AU Hao JLJ; Tam VWY/1; Yuan HP; Wang JY; Li JR
TC 27
SO ENG CONSTR ARCH MANAG
PY 2010
AB Purpose-The aim of this paper is to develop a model based on system dynamics
   (SD) approach, which integrates three subsystems for simulating construction
   and demolition (Camp;D) waste management in Shenzhen, Mainland China.
   Design/methodology/approach-SD approach was first used to construct the
   model for Camp;D waste management in Shenzhen.  The model was then converted
   for running on computer through the software package "iThink", which was
   specifically designed for SD modeling.  The data required for model
   simulation was derived through various ways, including literature review,
   examination of official reports and yearbooks, and questionnaires.  After
   all the parameters in the model were determined, simulation was carried out.
   Findings-The model proposed in this research can provide an experimental
   simulation platform to investigate the complexity and interdependencies of
   factors in managing Camp;D waste in Shenzhen, Mainland China.  The
   simulation results show that the pressing situation of Camp;D waste
   management in Shenzhen would aggravate if no effective measures were taken
   to address it during the simulation period.  Participants' active
   participation and cost consideration are the two major factors affecting
   Camp;D waste reduction.  Furthermore, new landfills should be planned to
   properly handle the Camp;D waste accumulated in Shenzhen over the past few
   years.  Originality/value-Although some studies have been conducted under
   the topic of Camp;D waste management during the past few years in Shenzhen-
   how to effectively and efficiently handle the waste is still unsolved.
   Factors affecting the effectiveness of Camp;D waste management have
   separately been examined in the previous studies, without considering their
   interrelations.  The SD-based model is developed in this research to
   investigate the complex and interdependent relationships among these
   factors.  The model can deepen participants' understandings about Camp;D
   waste management and help explore the major factors affecting the
   effectiveness of management activities.  The measures, which are proposed
   based on the simulation results, can serve as a valuable reference for
   planning Camp;D waste management in Shenzhen.  © 2010 Emerald Group
   Publishing Limited.  All rights reserved.
DE china; construction engineering; simulation; waste management
ID computer simulation; demolition; planning; china; construction and
   demolition; construction and demolition waste; construction engineering;
   design/methodology/approach; dynamic modeling; effective measures; empirical
   studies; experimental simulations; literature reviews; major factors;
   management activities; management process; model simulation; model-based;
   simulation; simulation result; system dynamics; waste reduction; waste
   management

---

UT 1135
AR Walton B, 2009, WORLD IMACS CONGR MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL INTERFACING
   MODEL SIMUL MATH COMPUT SCI PROC, P3872
TI Future water supply and demand assessment in peri-urban catchments using
   system dynamics approach
AU Walton B; Nawarathna B; George BA; Malano HM
TC 4
SO WORLD IMACS CONGR MODSIM - INT CONGR MODEL SIMUL INTERFACING MODEL SIMUL
   MATH COMPUT SCI PROC
PY 2009
AB Having effective modeling tools at the disposal of catchment managers and
   planners are essential to developing more effective future water management
   strategies.  The actual projections of the demand and supply are often very
   dependent and interrelated with many variables, including each other for
   most catchments.  The traditional approach used by water managers, whereby
   the demand based on population increase trend and water availability
   (supply) forecasts are calculated separately, is limited in its use due to
   this restriction.  This is most noticed through the lack of consideration of
   the dynamic interrelationships that can occur between the supply and demand
   sides of water.  This is where System Dynamic modelling can be used as a
   novel technique that can consider all the interdependencies to help
   accurately assess a catchment's future water availability and use.  This
   report looked at creating a generic model of a catchment with competing
   demands and supply considerations that also modelled the important
   interrelated variables using the System Dynamic modelling technique (using
   the program VENSIM). To test the model, the peri-urban South Creek catchment
   of Western Sydney was chosen as a case study to run future water scenarios.
   Future water supply and demand scenarios were run in the model to understand
   the likely future water security of the catchment, as well as possible
   solutions to the water security issues that may arise The South Creek
   catchment is an excellent case study to use for this example.  With the
   predicted landuse or demand changes, as well as the probability of climate
   change, we will see dynamic changes caused by these two variables
   influencing the future water security of the catchment.  The consensus of
   the models outputs showed that the South creek catchment was likely to not
   severely stress its surface water resources in the future (25 years) as
   urban and irrigational demand increased.  It also showed that if the potable
   water resource coming into the catchment was limited in the future, that the
   catchment would likely be able to draw on its own resources to cover any
   shortage without a detrimental effect on the catchment's water resources.
   This also implied that irrigational activities relying on non-potable
   surface water in the region could also likely increase their water use if
   necessary.  The model created did achieve the objectives set out for it, but
   future further development of it could ensure a more accurate output from
   the model to conclude upon.  But regardless, at its current stage, it should
   be able to be used to give a reasonable representation of the future water
   security for most catchments big and small.  © MODSIM 2009.All rights
   reserved.
DE climate change; peri-urban catchment; south creek; system dynamic;
   urbanization
ID catchments; climate change; economics; managers; runoff; surface water
   resources; water management; water supply; demand and supply; peri-urban
   catchment; system dynamic modeling; system dynamics approach; traditional
   approaches; water availability; water management strategies; water supply
   and demands; potable water

---

UT 1136
AR Kang KM, 2003, INT CONGR ADV NUCL POWER PLANTS - PROC ICAPP
TI A quantitative assessment on limiting conditions for operation using a
   concept of system dynamics
AU Kang KM; Jae M
TC 0
SO INT CONGR ADV NUCL POWER PLANTS - PROC ICAPP
PY 2003
AB Limiting conditions for operations (LCOs) define the allowed outage times
   (AOTs) and the actions to be taken if the repair cannot be completed within
   the AOT. Typically the actions required are plant shutdown.  In situations
   where the risk associated with the action, i.e., the risk of plant shutdown
   given a failure in the safety system, may be substantial, a strategy is
   needed to control the risk implications.  In this study the changing
   operation modes is evaluated quantitatively and dynamically using a tool of
   system dynamics.  A system dynamics mode has been developed to analyze the
   dynamic reliability of a complicated system.  The Vensim tool of a system
   dynamics software has been applied to the LCOs assessment for an example
   system, auxiliary feed water system of a reference plant.  Analysis results
   of both full power operation and shutdown operation have been compared for
   the measure of the core damage frequency.  The increase in core damage
   frequency, δR are used as a measure in this study (δR =R1-R0). The symbol,
   R1 is the value of core damage probability during shutdown conditions, while
   R 0is a reduced risk during operation conditions.  A time dependent
   framework developed in this study has been shown that it is very flexible in
   that it can be applied to assess LCOs quantitatively under any operational
   context of the technical specifications.
ID core disruptive accidents; damage detection; nuclear energy; nuclear power
   plants; repair; system theory; complicated systems; core damage frequency;
   core damage probabilities; dynamic reliability; limiting condition;
   operation conditions; quantitative assessments; technical specifications;
   plant shutdowns

---

UT 1137
AR Li C/5, 2008, XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN, V28, P1
TI System dynamics model for SMS governance
AU Li C/5; Qi J-Y; Shu H-Y
TC 2
SO XITONG GONGCHENG LILUM YU SHIJIAN
PY 2008
AB Using system dynamics method, this study analyzes the SMS governance.  A
   system dynamics model is built and is simulated with VENSIM PLE 5.4C. The
   simulation result proves that carries should be the key entity to be
   governed.  This study also uses the model to analyze SMS policies and
   finally gets the conclusion that real mobile identification and unification
   the service providers' access number could reduce harmful SMS.
DE harmful short message; system dynamics; telecommunication industry chain
ID dynamics; telecommunication; telecommunication systems; harmful short
   message; key entities; service providers; simulation results; system
   dynamics; system dynamics models; telecommunication industry

---

UT 1138
AR Dvornik J/1, 2007, INT J TURBO JET ENGINES, V24, P119, DOI
   10.1515/TJJ.2007.24.2.119
TI A contribution to the analysis of the performance of the gas turbine using
   simulation
AU Dvornik J/1; Tireli E
TC 0
SO INT J TURBO JET ENGINES
PY 2007
AB The aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamic simulation modelling for studying performance dynamics of the gas
   turbine in load conditions.  This study is conducted using an example of
   load of synchronous generator.  Gas turbine at the load of synchronous
   generator is a complex non-linear system, which needs to be systematically
   investigated as a unit consisting of a number of subsystems and elements,
   which are linked by cause-effect (UPV) feedback loops (KPD)), both within
   the propulsion system and with the relevant surrounding.  In this paper the
   authors will present an efficient application of scientific methods for the
   study of complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative
   simulation System Dynamics Methodology.  This methodology will allow
   generation and application of higher number and types of simulation models
   of the observed elements.  Furthermore, this methodology will allow
   continuous computer simulation that will significantly contribute to the
   acquisition of new knowledge about the nonlinear characteristics of
   performance dynamics of turbine and generator system in the process of
   designing and learning.  Gas turbine will be presented by a set of non-
   linear differential equations, after which mental-verbal structural models
   and flowcharts in System dynamics symbols will be produced, and the
   performance dynamics in load condition will be simulated in POWERSIM
   simulation language.  © Freund Publishing House Ltd.
DE continuous and discrete simulation and heuristics optimization; synchronous
   generator; system dynamics; twin shaft gas turbine

---

UT 1139
AR Cavana RY, 2008, SYST RES BEHAV SCI, V25, P675, DOI 10.1002/sres.934
TI Integrative system dynamics: Analysis of policy options for tobacco control
   in New Zealand
AU Cavana RY; Tobias M
TC 34
SO SYST RES BEHAV SCI
PY 2008
AB Tobacco use is a global problem and the health consequences are far
   reaching.  Systemic approaches are needed to help investigate policies to
   reduce the adverse health effects of tobacco use.  This paper provides an
   overview of the system dynamics model that has been developed to assist the
   Ministry of Health to evaluate the dynamic consequences of tobacco control
   policies in New Zealand.  The model consists of six sectors: population;
   smoking prevalences; tobacco consumption; second hand smoke; relative risks
   and tobacco attributable deaths.  The model is simulated for 20-30 years
   into the future.  The simulation package used is 'iThink', and a user
   interface is presented for policy analysis.  A range of illustrative
   scenarios are provided, including: business as usual; fiscal strategies
   involving less affordable cigarettes; harm minimization strategies involving
   either less addictive cigarettes or less toxic cigarettes and combinations
   of the above policies.  The main output variables (performance measures)
   include current smoking prevalence, tobacco consumption and tobacco
   attributable mortality.  Finally some areas for future model enhancement are
   identified.  Copyright © 2009 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
DE dynamic simulation; scenario analysis; system dynamics; tobacco control
   policies; tobacco policy model
ID computer simulation; health; system theory; user interfaces; adverse health
   effects; policy model; scenario analysis; simulation packages; smoking
   prevalences; system dynamics; system dynamics model; tobacco control;
   tobacco

---

UT 1140
AR Yi T, 2008, PROC INT CONF MACH LEARN CYBERN ICMLC, V2, P676, DOI
   10.1109/ICMLC.2008.4620490
TI Applying System dynamics to analyze the impact of incentive factors'
   allocation on construction cost and risk
AU Yi T; Xiao G
TC 6
SO PROC INT CONF MACH LEARN CYBERN ICMLC
PY 2008
AB The proper application of incentive mechanism in construction project can
   decrease project cost.  However, current incentive methods don't consider
   the change of human needs in construction and are inadequate to analyze the
   impacts of incentive factors allocation on project risk and cost due to the
   complexity and dynamics of the project in a real world.  And therefore,
   there is a need for a model to solve this problem.  In this paper, a System
   Dynamic model is built to simulate the impacts of incentive factors
   allocation on project risk and cost.  Firstly, behavioral factors which
   encourage staff efforts to decrease risk and cost are obtained by
   questionnaire.  Causal loop diagram containing these factors is then built
   and the System Dynamic model is established by visualization System Dynamic
   model software iThink, which shows how the allocation of incentive factors
   affects project risk and cost.  And then a sensitive analysis is used to
   testify the validity of the model, from the outputs, an incentive cost input
   can be obtained at the lowest level of risk and cost.  Finally, this paper
   carries on policy simulation tests.  In this simulation, different ratios of
   every incentive factors in different periods correspond to different lowest
   risk and cost, which are the results of the simulation.  Thus, optimal
   allocation of incentive cost among incentive factors and incentive factors
   among departments is solved.  The model developed in this paper offers a
   useful tool for evaluating the impact of incentive factors allocation on
   project risk and cost.  © 2008 IEEE.
DE cost; incentive; risk; system dynamics
ID construction industry; control theory; costs; cybernetics; dynamic models;
   dynamics; learning systems; modal analysis; paper; risk analysis; robot
   learning; behavioral factors; causal loop diagrams; construction costs;
   construction projects; human needs; incentive; incentive mechanisms; optimal
   allocations; policy simulations; project costs; project risks; real worlds;
   sensitive analysis; system dynamics; cost benefit analysis

---

UT 1141
AR Quan C, 2007, AVIAT WORLD GROWTH PROC INT AIR TRANSP CONF, P132, DOI
   10.1061/40938(262)12
TI Integrated model for air traffic control, aviation weather and communication
   systems
AU Quan C; Trani AA
TC 0
SO AVIAT WORLD GROWTH PROC INT AIR TRANSP CONF
PY 2007
AB In this paper, a Systems Dynamics methodology to model and simulate air
   traffic, aviation weather and communication systems is presented.  Two
   computer models are developed with ITHINK and MATLAB software packages: 1)
   Air Traffic Flow Model (ATFM) and 2) Aviation Weather Information and
   Bandwidth Requirement Model (AWINBRM). The ATFM model is used for
   quantifying the volume of air traffic at each phase of flight in three
   flight regions.  The results of the ATFM model are used as inputs for the
   AWINBRM model.  The AWINBRM model is used to define required aviation
   weather information and their sizes at each phase of flight in three flight
   regions.  These models could be deployed as decision support systems to aid
   airport and airline personnel.  The models' results demonstrate that all
   types of aircraft need large quantities of weather data before taking off
   from the airport.  The aircraft in the terminal area require less aviation
   weather data but the weather may have the most impact in terms of flight
   safety.  Models also provide detailed information for planning aviation
   weather communication systems in the future.  Copyright ASCE 2007.
ID aviation; climate change; communication systems; computer simulation;
   decision support systems; matlab; aviation weather; weather communication
   systems; air traffic control

---

UT 1142
AR Fengjun X, 2010, PROC IEEE INT CONF SOFTW ENG SERV SCI ICSESS, P360, DOI
   10.1109/ICSESS.2010.5552373
TI The simulation research of operation mechanism of "Companies + farmers"
   Organization model
AU Fengjun X; Weiqiang J
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF SOFTW ENG SERV SCI ICSESS
PY 2010
AB Based on the Systematic analysis of the "Companies + farmers" Organization
   model, the System Dynamics (SD) Mathematical model is built to describe its
   development pattern.  Using the Simulation Analysis technology of Vensim we
   simulate the development prospect and Restraints of the "Companies +
   farmers" Organization model and propose the corresponding managerial
   policies after analysis, achieving the purpose of effectively analyzing the
   Management of Agricultural Industrialization through Systematic
   scientifically based ways.  © 2010 IEEE.
DE companies + farmers; simulation analysis; system dynamics ( sd )
ID agriculture; mathematical models; software engineering; system theory;
   companies + farmers; development prospects; managerial policy; operation
   mechanism; organization model; simulation analysis; simulation research;
   system dynamics; system dynamics ( sd ); systematic analysis; computer
   simulation

---

UT 1143
AR Alkayid K, 2008, EUR MEDITERR CONF SYST EMCIS
TI Simulating information exchanges in order to investigate the utility of
   public health websites
AU Alkayid K; Hasan H; Meloche J
TC 0
SO EUR MEDITERR CONF SYST EMCIS
PY 2008
AB This paper explores the nature of communication and information flows in
   critical medical environments to inform the design of public website
   support.  Results are presented of a study of communication in Intensive
   Care Units (ICU), where data was collected from the website owners, public
   users of the site and ICU clinicians who traditionally find communication
   with families of patients difficult.  The paper presents the results of this
   research aimed at understanding the situation and needs of potential website
   users.  The study has provided a greater understanding of how information
   technologies can help to resolve problems that arise with the ad-hoc, face-
   to-face communication that currently occurs in this area.  To underpin the
   research a systems-dynamics model of information flows in an ICU, was
   developed in an evolutionary fashion using Stella software.  The modelling
   process was informed by a review of literature, as well as data from various
   stakeholder groups.  The model provided a means of re-interpreting the data,
   encapsulating the knowledge gained from the study and visualising the
   research findings in an innovative way that is enabling the project to move
   forward.
DE crisis situations; intensive care unit; public communication; systems
   dynamics modeling; web-based services
ID communication; data encapsulation; dynamics; information systems; research;
   websites; crisis situations; intensive care; public communication; systems
   dynamics modeling; web-based service; intensive care units

---

UT 1144
AR Clouth J, 2009, GESUNDHOKON QUALMANAGE, V14, P302, DOI
   10.1055/s-0028-1109447
TI Evaluating health care using system dynamics modelling a case study in
   Schizophrenia
AU Clouth J; Knoll S; Eichmann F
TC 3
SO GESUNDHOKON QUALMANAGE
PY 2009
AB Aim: To demonstrate based on a schizophrenia case study model that System
   Dynamics Modelling (SDM), a set of conceptual tools that help understanding
   the structure and dynamics of complex systems, can be a useful method in the
   field of health care evaluation, specifically to assess cost of illness and
   budget impact of complex diseases.  Methods: Using the specific Vensim DSS
   and Venapp software tools, a case study model was programmed, simulating
   schizophrenia costs in Germany up to the year 2050. Fixed model input was
   the age structure of the German population, the suicidal rate for the
   general population and for people diagnosed with schizophrenia, the general
   death rate and the proportion of suicides and schizophrenia prevalence and
   incidence.  Subsystems of the model were: patient stocks and flows,
   medication cost, treatment cost, other relevant cost, occupational
   disability cost, early retirement cost, total schizophrenia cost, age
   distribution and auxiliary calculations.  Results: The case study
   schizophrenia SDM model allows analyzing the distribution of schizophrenia
   costs in the German health systems and demonstrates how the cost
   distribution changes with changing conditions (e.  g.  reduced relapse rate
   with the spread of more efficient medication). For the base case scenario at
   the beginning of the model in the year 2000 early retirement cost accounted
   for almost 50 % of the monthly total costs of schizophrenia of 474 180 000,
   followed by hospital costs, costs of occupational disability, and costs of
   non-medical complementary offerings.  Indirect costs were much more
   important than direct costs.  Costs of schizophrenia reached a peak around
   the year 2010 and decreased thereafter.  With an increasing percentage of
   patients taking atypicals overall costs were decreasing.  Conclusions: This
   paper supports system dynamics modelling as an alternative, flexible and
   user friendly modelling technique for application in health care evaluation.
   © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
DE antipsychotic medication; health system evaluation; modeling; schizophrenia;
   sdm modeling; system dynamics
ID haloperidol; olanzapine; risperidone; adult; aged; article; computer
   program; cost of illness; health care cost; health care quality; hospital
   cost; human; mortality; schizophrenia; simulation; suicide; system dynamics
   model

---

UT 1145
AR Liu D/2, 2009, INT SYMP EMPIR SOFTW ENG MEAS ESEM, P302, DOI
   10.1109/ESEM.2009.5315982
TI The role of software process simulation modeling in software risk
   management: A systematic review
AU Liu D/2; Wang Q; Xiao J
TC 38
SO INT SYMP EMPIR SOFTW ENG MEAS ESEM
PY 2009
AB Nowadays software projects are still suffering from many problems due to
   various kinds of software risks.  Software risk management is a crucial part
   of successful project management, but it is often not well implemented in
   real-world software projects.  One reason is that project managers lack
   effective and practical tools to manage software risks.  Software Process
   Simulation Modeling (SPSM) has been emerging as a promising approach to
   address a variety of issues in software engineering area, including risk
   management.  However, the current state of how SPSM supports software risk
   management is not yet clear.  This paper presents a systematic literature
   review which purpose is to obtain the state of the art of the applications
   of SPSM in software risk management.  We drew the following conclusions from
   the review results: (1) The number of SPSM studies on software risk
   management is relatively small, but increasing gradually in recent years.
   (2) SPSM is mainly applied in risk analysis and risk management planning
   activities.  (3) Software risks related to requirements, development process
   and management process are the ones most studied by SPSM. (4) Discrete-Event
   Simulation and System Dynamics are two most popular simulation paradigms,
   while Hybrid simulation methods are more and more widely used.  (5) Extend,
   iThink and Vensim are the most popular simulation tools in SPSM. (6) Most of
   SPSM approaches and models have not been well applied into real-world risk
   management practices.  © 2009 IEEE.
ID planning; project management; risk analysis; risk assessment; risk
   management; safety factor; simulators; systems engineering; development
   process; hybrid simulation; management process; project managers; real-
   world; role of software; simulation paradigm; simulation tool; software
   process simulation; software project; software risk management; software
   risks; state of the art; system dynamics; systematic literature review;
   systematic review; computer software

---

UT 1146
AR Dvornik J/2, 2009, THERM SCI, V13, P11, DOI 10.2298/TSCI0904011D
TI Analysis of the performance of the ship steam boiler using simulation
AU Dvornik J/2; Tireli E; Dvornik S/1
TC 1
SO THERM SCI
PY 2009
AB The aim of this paper is to demonstrate the successful application of system
   dynamics simulation modelling at investigating performance dynamics of the
   ship steam boiler.  Ship steam boiler is a complex non-linear system which
   needs to be systematically investigated as a unit consisting of a number of
   subsystems and elements, which are linked by cause-effect feedback loops,
   both within the system and with the relevant surrounding.  In this paper the
   authors will present the efficient application of scientific methods for the
   research of complex dynamic systems called qualitative and quantitative
   simulation system dynamics methodology, which will allow for production and
   use of higher number and kinds of simulation models of the observed
   elements, and finally allow for the continuous com putersimulation, which
   will contribute to acquisition of new information about the non-linear
   character of performance dynamics of ship steam boilers in the process of
   designing and education.  Ship steam boiler will be presented in POWERSIM
   simulation language in mental-verbal, structural, and mathematical computer
   models.
DE continuous and discrete simulation; ship steam boiler; simulation modeling;
   system dynamics
ID boilers; computer simulation languages; engines; pressure vessels; ships;
   steam; system theory; vehicle performance; continuous and discrete
   simulation; dynamic simulation models; nonlinear system; performance;
   performance dynamics; ship steam boiler; simulation-modelling; steam boiler;
   system dynamics; system dynamics simulation; linear systems

---

UT 1147
AR Li C/5, 2008, IFIP INT FED PROCESS, V255, P1585, DOI
   10.1007/978-0-387-76312-5_92
TI A system dynamics model for SMS governance
AU Li C/5; Qi J; Shu H/1
TC 0
SO IFIP INT FED PROCESS
PY 2008
AB Using System Dynamics method, this study analyzes the SMS governance.  A
   System Dynamics Model is built and is simulated with VENSIM PLE 5.4C. The
   simulation result proves that carries should be the key entity to be
   governed.  This study also uses the model to analyze SMS policies and
   finally gets the conclusion that real mobile identification and unification
   the service providers' access number could reduce harmful SMS. © 2008
   International Federation for Information Processing.
DE harmful short message; system dynamics; telecommunication industry chain
ID computer simulation; research; system theory; telecommunication industry;
   key entity; service provider; short message; system dynamics; system
   dynamics model; information systems

---

UT 1148
AR Harmsen RW, 1997, SIMUL, V68, P139, DOI 10.1177/003754979706800207
TI Dynamic Simulation of Hanford Tank Waste Remediation System
AU Harmsen RW; Zimmerman BD
TC 0
SO SIMUL
PY 1997
AB Cleaning up and disposing of approximately 50 years of nuclear waste is the
   main mission at the U.S. Department of Energy's Hanford Nuclear Reserva
   tion, located in the southeastern part of the State of Washington.  A major
   element of the total cleanup effort involves retrieving, processing, and
   disposing of radioactive and hazardous waste stored in 177 underground
   storage tanks.  This effort, referred to as the Tank Waste Remediation
   System (TWRS), is expected to cost billions of dollars and take approxi
   mately 25 years to complete.  Several computer simulations of this project
   are being created, focusing on both programmatic and detailed engineering
   issues.  This paper describes one such simulation activity, using the
   ithink™ computer simulation software.  The ithink™ simulation includes a
   representation of the complete TWRS cleanup system, from retrieval of waste
   through intermediate processing and final vitrification of waste for
   disposal.  Major issues addressed to date by the simulation effort include
   the need for new underground storage tanks to support TWRS activities, and
   the estimated design capacities for various processing facilities that are
   required to support legally mandated program commitment dates.  This paper
   discusses how the simulation was used to investigate these questions.  ©
   1997, Sage Publications.  All rights reserved.
DE chemical engineering; government; hybrid simulation; nuclear engineering;
   system dynamics

---

UT 1149
AR Chen Y-F, 2004, HUM ECOL RISK ASSESS, V10, P579, DOI
   10.1080/10807030490452205
TI Dynamic modeling of a man-land system in response to environmental
   catastrophe
AU Chen Y-F; Jie QI; Zhou J-X; Li Y-P; Xiao J/1
TC 14
SO HUM ECOL RISK ASSESS
PY 2004
AB A compatible relationship between "man" and "land" is the essence of
   regional sustainable development.  In this article VENSIM PLE is used to set
   up a system dynamics (SD) model of the regional man-land system of Xiangfan,
   Hubei Province, China.  The model is used to simulate dynamic behaviors of
   society and economy in the face of environmental catastrophe, in order to
   explore dynamic response among subsystems in man-land systems, and to
   research mechanisms of regional sustainable development.  The model is also
   used to forecast impacts from the south-to-north water transfer project in
   China on the environment, society, and economy within a time span of 50
   years.  The model is further used to verify the effects of suggested
   regulatory policies.  The simulation results show counterintuitive outcomes.
   The most serious impact on Xiangfan caused by the water transfer project
   would be on economic growth, not on environment quality.  However, if a
   series of regulatory policies were carried out in advance of the water
   project's construction, the trends of concern could be effectively eased.
   SD provides tools for precisely understanding complex man-land systems,
   which always seem counterintuitive.  However, there still exist limitations
   and disadvantages in the model that must be overcome.  It is believed that
   the next logical step in deriving better dynamic models of man-land systems
   is to integrate SD with other advanced algorithms or technologies.
DE china; man-land system; model of dynamic response; south-to-north water
   transfer project; sustainable development; system dynamics ( sd )

---

